Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H435 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2016 No. 19 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER. Pursuant to the order of the House of January 5, 2016, the Chair will now recognize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
ENDING HUMAN TRAFFICKING The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 515, and I commend Congressman S
MITH for his continued leadership efforts to combat human trafficking. It is an issue many of us take very, very seri-ously. This Congress, the House has passed several commonsense, bipartisan pieces of legislation to end human traf-ficking, and we remain dedicated to finding solutions to prevent this crimi-nal activity, to protect victims, and to prosecute those individuals who seek to exploit innocent children. One year ago today, I spoke on this critical piece of legislation when it first came to the House floor. I am glad the Senate has finally considered it, and I am proud to be standing here again today as this legislation will fi-nally make its way to the President’s desk for his signature following the legislation’s passage here in the House. Mr. Speaker, human trafficking is not a distant concept. It exists in com-munities across America. An estimated 300,000 young Americans are in danger of becoming victims of sex trafficking. The average age, believe it or not, is 12 to 14 years old for girls. Last year alone, my home State of Pennsylvania had a total of 106 reported cases of human trafficking and 514 calls of human trafficking violations. In fact, Pennsylvania has stepped up the fight by enacting stricter human trafficking laws, and it was named one of the top five ‘‘most improved’’ States by the Polaris Project. The legislation we have passed here in the House is another step in the right direction. We have made progress, but there is more that we can and must do. I look forward to working with my colleagues to continue the fight against human trafficking. BARCLAY GROUNDS  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I also rise to highlight the success of a local land preservation ef-fort in West Chester Borough, Chester County, Pennsylvania. The Barclay Grounds, located in West Chester Borough, is a beautiful property. The land has a rich history dating back to William Penn’s charter from the King. Over the years, it has served as an orchard and has been uti-lized for agricultural purposes as well as for passive recreation activities. For over 2 years, local officials and grass-roots volunteers have worked on a common mission: to preserve the Bar-clay Grounds for future generations. I can recall, when I was a county commissioner, when a gentleman by the name of John Cottage, who founded the Barclay Grounds Preservation Alli-ance, came in to see us, and I and my then-colleagues on the Board of County Commissioners, Terence Farrell and Kathi Cozzone, decided that this was a worthwhile endeavor. We provided the seed funding, if you will, to help kick- start the grant application process for several funding streams to make sure that we would be able to preserve the Barclay Grounds. I am pleased to stand before this country today and say that a group of local officials and local volunteers did something great in a local community that is going to preserve for future gen-erations a really historic, cultural, and environmental gem. I commend the dedicated officials in the West Chester community, includ-ing the West Chester Borough Council, a lot of people involved in the preserva-tion movement, including the grant writing teams at the Natural Lands Trust, as well as the Brandywine Con-servancy and many others, for their ef-forts to preserve this passive park. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ARDY ). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 4 min-utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of mercy, we give You thanks for giving us another day. With exciting news for some, dis-appointing for others, and remarkable for our Nation, the Members of this as-sembly gather to address the work that is theirs to perform. May each Member be reminded of the responsibility before them and, amidst the heightened emotions of this day, properly and accurately discern sub-stance from distraction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.000 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH436 February 2, 2016 
We thank You for the incredible gift of our representative democracy still being forged in the river of time that is American history. May the work done in the people’s House through these days prove to be historically fruitful and edifying for generations of Ameri-cans to come. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. FOXX led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CONGRATULATING FLONNIE ANDERSON (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Flonnie Anderson of Win-ston-Salem, North Carolina. This re-markable and talented woman has spent her life accomplishing things ahead of her time, from majoring in theater during the 1940s to helping de-segregate a community, to starting her own theater group. As a teacher at Parkland High School in 1970, Mrs. Anderson directed a play that starred both African Amer-ican and Caucasian students, a first in the history of Forsyth County schools. As a director, she also helped integrate the theater department at Wake Forest University. She was the first African American actress to perform with the Little The-atre of Winston-Salem. From that point on, the Little Theatre became known as a place where the African American community could be treated equally. In recognition of her 34 years as an educator, Parkland High School in Winston-Salem has named their audi-torium for Mrs. Anderson. This honor is well deserved and pays tribute to her lasting impact in the local community. HUMANITARIAN CRISIS IN MADAYA, SYRIAN (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in order to bring attention to the ongoing humanitarian crisis in Madaya, Syria. The inhabitants of Madaya are un-able to leave and are threatened daily by regime snipers and antipersonnel mines that surround their city. Over 40,000 civilians have been kept from re-ceiving vital humanitarian aid. And, yes, this has resulted in mass starva-tion. Sadly, Madaya is not unique in its suffering. There are Madayas all over Syria—cities under siege—caught in the middle of this vicious fighting, cit-ies with inhabitants in dire need of food, water, and medical attention. I urge Congress, the President, and the international community to do more in response to the humanitarian crisis that is going on in Syria. Enough is enough. We have to stop these trage-dies from happening. It is our collec-tive responsibility to do everything in our power; so let’s do it. f 
IRANIAN NUCLEAR DEAL SUPPORTS TERRORISM (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, the fantasy Iranian nuclear deal went into effect on January 16, giving the Iranian regime billions of dollars to support terrorism, expand its ballistic missile program, and threaten American families with attacks. Just 2 weeks ago Secretary of State John Kerry admitted that some of the funds would go to terrorist groups. What is worse, the Secretary believes there is no way to prevent the funds from supporting terrorist activity to kill American families. We must and should be clear that the United States has zero tolerance for terrorism or re-gimes that support terrorism. I am grateful to cosponsor the bipar-tisan Zero Tolerance for Terror Act. This critical legislation gives Congress the ability to act quickly and effec-tively when Iran violates the existing restrictions. We should take every ef-fort to protect American families and our Persian Gulf allies from an irra-tional regime that promotes ‘‘death to America, death to Israel.’’ In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
GREENSBORO FOUR SIT-INS (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, yesterday marked the anniversary of the Greens-boro Four sit-ins. Fifty-six years ago four North Caro-lina A&T freshmen decided to peace-fully challenge racial segregation in my hometown of Greensboro and the community I’m proud to serve in Con-gress. Joseph McNeil, Jibreel Khazan, Franklin McCain, and David Richmond sat at a whites-only lunch counter in-side a Greensboro Woolworth store. These young men sparked a wave of peaceful protests that spanned the State and Nation, helping to put an end to racial segregation. I remember traveling through North Carolina as a young girl and going to the back door of restaurants because I couldn’t sit inside. Because of the Greensboro Four, my children, my grandchildren, and future generations won’t have to share in my experience. My bipartisan resolution, H. Res. 128, honors these four courageous men and recognizes their impact. It has the sup-port of 62 Members of Congress from both sides of the aisle. Today I am calling on my colleagues to support and pass this resolution in honor of the Greensboro Four and all of the students who stood up for equality by sitting down to end racial segrega-tion. f 
ROADBLOCK HUMAN TRAFFICKING (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak up on behalf of the mil-lions of people across the world who suffer under the injustice of modern- day slavery. Last month the House observed Human Trafficking Awareness Month to shine light on this horrific crime. The injustice of human trafficking knows no political party or geo-graphical boundary. It happens right in our backyards. Yesterday the House took important steps in passing two bills to strengthen our response to trafficking. I have also recently introduced H.R. 4406, the En-hancing Detection of Human Traf-ficking Act, legislation which ensures the Department of Labor effectively trains its employees to recognize and respond to the illegal trade of people for exploitation or commercial gain. It will take close coordination from stakeholders at every level to eradi-cate this unthinkable crime. Together, our voices and actions can help bring freedom to the oppressed. 
f 
FIGHT TO CURE CANCER (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, 3 weeks ago President Obama in this very Chamber called for a national moon-shot initiative to fight cancer. Yester-day the White House proposed to allo-cate $1 billion over the next 2 years to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.002 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H437 February 2, 2016 
supplement cancer research efforts that are underway. The President said cancer research is at an inflection point, and he is right. One need only to look at the groundbreaking work on immunotherapy underway at the Roswell Park Cancer Institute in Buf-falo to see how far the science has come. Last year Congress came together to increase funding to the National Insti-tutes of Health by $2 billion, including a 5 percent increase to the National Cancer Institute. Now is not the time to let up. It is time to accelerate and expand our Nation’s cancer fight. Next month the House will consider a budget resolution. I call on House lead-ers to stand behind our scientists to support Americans living with cancer and to include robust funding for can-cer research. 
f 
SHAKESPEARE’S FIRST FOLIOS (Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, just across the street is the world’s largest Shake-speare collection. The Folger Shake-speare Library is home to more Shake-speare ‘‘First Folios’’ than anywhere else in the world. Published in 1623, the ‘‘First Folio’’ is the first printed collection of Shake-speare’s plays. Without it, 18 plays, in-cluding ‘‘Macbeth,’’ ‘‘Julius Caesar,’’ and ‘‘The Tempest,’’ could have been lost. This year, as part of a national cele-bration marking the 400th anniversary of Shakespeare’s death, the Folger Shakespeare Library is touring a ‘‘First Folio’’ around the country. Schoolchildren, theater lovers, and Shakespeare enthusiasts alike will wit-ness with their own eyes the book that gave us Shakespeare. During the month of February, the 10th District of Illinois is hosting the ‘‘First Folio.’’ The Lake County Forest Preserve District’s Lake County Dis-covery Museum has the honor to present the exhibition ‘‘First Folio! The Book That Gave Us Shakespeare.’’ This will offer the public a once-in-a- lifetime opportunity to see this influ-ential and treasured book and experi-ence the powerful words of William Shakespeare. Mr. Speaker, I encourage everyone who is able to take advantage of this amazing opportunity. 
f 
MOURNING THE HONORABLE GILBERT KAHELE (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, this morning in Hawaii, in just a couple of hours, the people of the Aloha State are gathering at the Hawaii State Cap-itol to perform the Kanikau, a morning chant, as they bid farewell and cele-brate the life of a great man and dedi-cated public servant who passed away suddenly last week. The Honorable Gilbert Kahele was born in a small fishing village in Milolii on May 15, 1942. He is a native Hawaiian, a very talented musician, and a community activist who self-lessly served our country as a U.S. ma-rine, served Hawaii as a State senator, and served his community of Hawaii as a fierce advocate. I saw Gil recently here in Wash-ington, D.C., just a few months ago, where, as always, he was ready with a smile, a hug, and warm aloha. My heart is with the Kahele ’ohana and all of Hawaii island as today we celebrate Gil’s life of service and the positive impact he made on countless lives. Gil, mahalo nui loa for dedicating your life to serving others and for dem-onstrating how much we can achieve when we work together in the spirit of aloha. f 
PUNXSUTAWNEY PHIL PREDICTS EARLY SPRING (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with good news. Early this morning in Punx-sutawney, Pennsylvania, located in the Commonwealth’s Fifth Congressional District, Punxsutawney Phil predicted an early spring. In the 130 years Phil has predicted the weather on February 2, this is only the 18th time that he has called for an early spring. Now, I know that I join many of my colleagues from across the Nation in a bipartisan fashion in hop-ing that this prediction comes true. Groundhog Day means so much to Punxsutawney and the communities which surround it. This tradition has its roots which go back centuries, but the celebration in Punxsutawney got a start in 1886, one year before the first trek to the celebration’s official home of Gobbler’s Knob. Since the start of the celebration, Phil has been joined on February 2 by movie stars such as Bill Murray and several Governors of Pennsylvania. And, yes, I have attended the festivi-ties a few times. Phil even visited President Ronald Reagan at the White House. It is wonderful to see such dedication from the people of Punxsutawney to this great tradition, which brings in visitors from across the world to Penn-sylvania. 
f 
b1215 LET’S MAKE 2016 A YEAR OF ACTION (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, our economy has made solid gains since 2009. We have added millions of jobs. Businesses are hiring. Our econ-omy is growing. In the Second District, we are seeing signs of recovery through small busi-ness growth and new startups like The New Look Restaurant and Bar owned by Nate and Cleo Pendleton. But the fact remains that the Amer-ican Dream still remains out of reach for far too many families. Today 8 mil-lion Americans are searching for well- paying jobs 7 years after the end of the recession. Each year at my annual jobs fair, I meet hundreds of these qualified Amer-icans who are tired of searching for good jobs. They are single mothers in night school. They are fathers working two part-time jobs to keep a roof over their family’s heads. They are veterans who survived the fight abroad only to fight for employment at home. They are seniors who have to reenter the workforce after their retirement sav-ings were wiped out. These Americans deserve a govern-ment that will pass impactful jobs leg-islation. Let’s make 2016 a year of ac-tion and economic prosperity. f 
COMMEMORATING 25 YEARS OF SERVICE FOR TRINITY BAPTIST COMMUNITY CHURCH INTER-NATIONAL (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate 25 years of faithful service carried out by members at Trinity Baptist Community Church International in Crystal Lake, Illinois. Founded in 1991 by Senior Pastor Bishop Dr. Michael J. Love, the church has been a light to the surrounding community and to people around the world, demonstrating in word and deed Christ’s command to love one’s neigh-bor as oneself. Through a myriad of initiatives, members have provided job skills training to struggling workers and re-lief to the impoverished. Bishop Love’s prison outreach min-istry is well known to McHenry County and is a respected partner to the McHenry County Correctional Facility. Their diligence demonstrates the inte-gral role faith plays in our local com-munities by bringing people together, united by common beliefs to help each other. Like the Good Samaritan, they un-derstand that ‘‘neighbor’’ sometimes includes those outside of their commu-nities. That is why they have been in-volved with over 100 ministries across the globe, sharing the gospel and serv-ing the people of Haiti, India, and the Dominican Republic, among others. May God bless Trinity Baptist in its next 25 years of service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.004 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH438 February 2, 2016 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT IS HELPING PEOPLE (Ms. BASS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the Affordable Care Act and to urge this House to sustain President Obama’s veto of the legislation to re-peal it. During our last recess, I visited St. John’s Well Child and Family Center, an anchor in the south Los Angeles community that provides quality health care for the community regard-less of the patient’s ability to pay. The Affordable Care Act has enabled St. John’s to expand and improve its facilities and increase its services, in-cluding updating and modernizing its children’s dental services. This is an example of the dental clinic. Because California embraced the law, St. John’s is now able to serve over 53,000 new patients. Repealing the law would be detrimental. As St. John’s Executive Director Jim Mangia told me: Repealing the Affordable Care Act would strip away health insurance from 26,000 of St. John’s patients. That is 26,000 patients from that one clinic alone. Our primary goal in Congress should be helping people, not voting away their health insurance. 
f 
REMEMBERING DONALD ‘‘BUDDY’’ WRAY (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of one of Arkansas’ most treasured business leaders, Donald ‘‘Buddy’’ Wray. Mr. Wray, the former president of Tyson Foods, in Springdale, died late last month at the age of 78. Buddy spent more than 40 years with Tyson Foods, growing and supporting good jobs in Arkansas. Buddy was an avid hunter, an out-doorsman, and a proud fan of the Ar-kansas Razorbacks. He spent much of his time helping our local commu-nities. In particular, he was an avid member of the Kiwanis Club in Spring-dale. Buddy’s work and legacy has been recognized by numerous organizations, and he was inducted into both the Ar-kansas Agriculture Hall of Fame and the Business Hall of Fame. He has left a lasting impact on our State and will be greatly missed by all of us. I extend my respect, affection, and prayers to his many friends, family, and loved ones. 
f 
SECURE OUR SKIES ACT (Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, human traf-ficking, which affects more than 21 million people worldwide, is an insid-ious crime that we must rout out wher-ever it exists. That is why today I am joining with my Republican colleague, Congresswoman BARBARA COMSTOCK , to introduce the Secure Our Skies Act, a bipartisan bill that will give our airline employees the tools that they need to combat human trafficking and close off the airways to perpetrators of this hei-nous crime. The Secure Our Skies, or SOS, Act ensures that all airlines develop train-ing for their frontline employees on the best ways to recognize and report the often subtle signs of human traf-ficking. This legislation builds on the work of the Blue Lightning campaign, a voluntary program developed by the Departments of Homeland Security and Transportation with the assistance of the Association of Flight Attendants, who are real champions for this train-ing. Sadly, reported cases of human traf-ficking are growing here at home and around the globe. We all have to play a role in stopping human trafficking, and this legislation will ensure our airline personnel can spot the signs and stop the crimes. 
f 
KEEP POUNDING (Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘Keep Pounding’’ is the motto of my Carolina Panthers and one that transcends the football field. Even when Sam Mills was diagnosed with colon cancer—Sam was one of the team’s coaches and a former player—he kept fighting. He was undergoing radi-ation and chemotherapy treatments but kept pounding. Now this phrase is used to inspire players and to remind the team to keep fighting, even when they are feeling weak or run down. Mr. Speaker, just as the Panthers keep pounding all the way to the Super Bowl, the Committee on Energy and Commerce keeps pounding in a bipar-tisan manner to discover cures and fund research for many of the rare can-cers and diseases that exist today. The 21st Century Cures initiative, which passed the House last July, will allow us to develop cures for cancer, like the one that took Sam Mills from this world and the one that affects our young superfan, Braylin Beam, who courageously battles each day. During this year’s Super Bowl, I en-courage fans everywhere to remember those who have been the inspiration be-hind our motto, ‘‘Keep Pounding.’’ 
f 
VICTIMS OF GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, Spring, Texas, July 9, 2014: Stephen Robert Stay, 39 years old. Katie Stay, 33 years old. Brian Stay, 13. Emily Stay, 9. Rebecca Stay, 7. Zachary Stay 4. Pendleton, South Carolina, Novem-ber 1, 2015: Violet Taylor, 82 years old. Barbara Scott, 80 years old. Kathy Scott, 60. Michael Scott, 59. Rockford, Illinois, December 20, 2014: Demontae Rhodes, 24 years old. Martia Flint, 24. Tyrone Smith, 6 years old. Tobias Smith, 4 years old. Topeka, Kansas, December 1, 2013: Marvin Lewis Woods, 56 years old. Carla Jean Avery, 45. Eric Christopher Avery, 43. Tamesha Lee, 34. Dallas, Texas, August 7, 2013: Zina Bowser, 47. Toya Smith, 43 years old. Neima Williams, 28. Tasmia Allen, 27. f 
AMERICAN HEART MONTH (Mrs. CAPPS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of American Heart Month and to remind Members of this week’s National Wear Red Day. Each February here in Congress and in communities around this country, we join together to raise awareness of heart disease, the number one cause of death for women. In fact, every minute heart disease kills another woman. As co-chair of the bipartisan Con-gressional Heart and Stroke Coalition, I urge you to join us as we honor these women and those who will be affected in the future by participating in the National Wear Red Day campaign on Friday, February 5. By wearing red, we will unite with women from around the country to raise awareness of heart dis-ease. We can and we must continue to work together on behalf of our loved ones, our friends, our neighbors, and everyone affected by heart disease. We must reduce these numbers. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE FIFTH ANNIVERSARY OF TERRY’S HOUSE (Mr. COSTA asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the fifth anniversary of Ter-ry’s House, a home that provides fami-lies with a place to stay when their loved ones are in critical care units at Fresno’s Community Regional Medical Center. The inspiration for the home came from Terry Richards, who suffered a se-rious head trauma when he was a child, and his mother had to travel over 80 miles a day to be with him. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.005 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H439 February 2, 2016 
Now, thanks to Terry’s House, over 3,600 families from 42 States and 23 countries, who would otherwise have found themselves in similar cir-cumstances, have been provided with an affordable, comfortable place to stay across the street from the hospital where their loved ones are. Terry’s House is dependent on gen-erous supporters. I would like to thank them and their staff for all that they do for a positive difference for the fam-ilies who are going through this very, very difficult time. We cannot say thank you enough to my friend, Tom Richards, and his mother, Marie. Their efforts have made this important home a reality for all as a living memory for Terry, who is no longer with us. Thank God for them and thank God for Terry’s House. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3700, HOUSING OPPOR-TUNITY THROUGH MODERNIZA-TION ACT OF 2015 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 594 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 594 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3700) to pro-vide housing opportunities in the United States through modernization of various housing programs, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dis-pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Financial Services now print-ed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the five-minute rule an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–42. That amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the na-ture of a substitute are waived. No amend-ment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Ohio is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. b1230 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, on Mon-day, the Rules Committee met and re-ported out a rule for H.R. 3700, the Housing Opportunity Through Mod-ernization Act of 2015. House Resolu-tion 594 provides a structured rule for consideration of H.R. 3700. The resolution provides 1 hour of de-bate equally divided between the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. Ad-ditionally, the resolution provides for consideration of 14 amendments offered to H.R. 3700. Finally, Mr. Speaker, the resolution provides a motion to recom-mit for the bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the resolution and the underlying legislation. H.R. 3700 is a package of several bipartisan provisions that have been voted on by the House Financial Services Committee and received bi-partisan support multiple times since 2006 in both Republican and Demo-cratic Congresses. H.R. 3700 cuts down on inefficient and duplicative regulations. The bill em-ploys a commonsense approach to miti-gating the overlapping and redundant procedures that have made rental as-sistance programs unnecessarily bur-densome for some tenants as well as private owners and investors in afford-able housing. The portions of H.R. 3700 that are particularly important to me and many of the large metropolitan hous-ing authorities around the country cre-ate positive changes based on project- based vouchers. The Columbus Metropolitan Housing Authority, in my hometown, does a lot of vouchers. They have a strong record of converting slums into mixed-income neighborhoods. They help make sure that the needs of those who live there come first and that we help build strong communities around them. An integral part of this approach is often project-based vouchers that can be provided to encourage the develop-ment of mixed-income housing facili-ties. However, because the Columbus Metropolitan Housing Authority is ap-proaching its cap for project-based vouchers, as many metropolitan hous-ing authorities around the country are, their capacity to build new mixed-in-come communities that are thriving and strong is at risk. This bill authorizes public housing authorities to project-base up to 20 per-cent of its authorized voucher alloca-tion rather than 20 percent of its voucher funding. This change ensures that the unauthorized number of vouchers is more stable. It will help make it easier for housing authorities to plan their future investments in the communities they serve. Knowing Charles Hillman and the great people at the Columbus Metro-politan Housing Authority and the great work they do, I would sure hate to see them taken off the front lines in our war against poverty. We need to make this change. It is just one exam-ple of something that is really good in this bill. According to the Congressional Budg-et Office, this bill is projected to actu-ally save $311 billion in discretionary spending over just the next 5 years. The savings associated with the flexi-bilities and regulatory burden relief provided to local housing authorities will result in substantial improvement in the return on investment for tax-payers and help make sure that the af-fordable housing programs we have are sustainable. Mr. Speaker, the bill passed the Fi-nancial Services Committee, which I serve on, with a vote of 44–10—a strong bipartisan vote. It is my understanding that the spon-sor of this legislation has worked over the past few weeks with the ranking member of the committee, Ms. M
AXINE  W
ATERS of California, to address an amendment that she offered—which has been made in order under the rule—which will alleviate the concerns of some Members about this legisla-tion. So, even though it only passed 44–10— which is pretty good—I think we can actually see a bigger improvement when it hits the floor, because I think the sponsor has worked with the rank-ing member, Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, to alleviate some of those concerns. I look forward to debating this bill with our House colleagues, and I urge support for both the rule and the un-derlying legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my friend, the gentleman from Ohio, for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes for debate. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss H.R. 3700, the Housing Opportunity 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.006 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH440 February 2, 2016 
Through Modernization Act of 2015. This bill includes modifications and updates to several existing laws per-taining to housing—and low-income housing, in particular. Many of these changes clarify and improve specific regulations for the benefit of those providing low-income housing and those benefiting from the availability of low-income housing. In fact, this bill improves access to af-fordable housing for the most vulner-able, such as low-income families and veterans. It is apparent that much work has been involved in finding a balance, and the authors and committee members of both parties are to be commended for their efforts. With that being said, it is important to note that a provision of this bill will effectively raise rents for thousands of families with children and, ultimately, make it more difficult for some low-income parents to main-tain employment. The deduction provisions in this bill, as it is currently worded, raise rents for some of the lowest income families in the country. A quarter of households facing rent increases of $25 or more a month are families with children whose childcare deduction would be reduced. I hope that this important issue of childcare deductions will be addressed. My colleague from Ohio just spoke about the work that our colleagues, the chair of this committee and the ranking member, have done to perhaps cause this measure to go forward and not be derailed because of the measure of reducing the childcare deduction for families. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to quickly address the issue raised by the gentleman. I alluded to it, but I didn’t speak to it maybe as clearly as I should have. I believe that there is an agreement between the chairman of the sub-committee as well as the ranking member of the full committee on an amendment that Ms. W
ATERS is offer-ing with regard to the provision that you refer to. I will tell you, I am going to be voting for that amendment, and I would urge you to vote for it. I believe it is going to pass. It may just be a voice vote. If you are here, vote on it by voice. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This is an example, in my view, of what can happen here when parties work together. Obviously, on this issue, the Financial Services Com-mittee has done a tremendous job. If we defeat the previous question, I am going to pivot for a moment and offer an amendment to the rule to bring up a bill to help prevent mass shootings by promoting research into the causes of gun violence, making it easier to identify and treat those prone to committing these acts. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the RECORD , along with extra-neous materials, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, this morning at 9, I held a gun violence roundtable. We had extraordinary pre-senters from those who are gathering information and disseminating that in-formation around the country to ad-dress this subject. What the Gun Violence Research Act would do is give the Centers for Disease Control the authority to research the causes, mechanisms, prevention, diag-nosis, and treatment of injuries with respect to gun violence. It would also encourage the improvement and expan-sion of the National Violent Death Re-porting Systems and empower healthcare providers by not inhibiting a physician or other healthcare pro-vider from asking a patient about the possession of a firearm and speaking to a patient about gun safety or reporting to authorities a patient’s threat of vio-lence. If there is anyone in the House of Representatives who does not believe that we have a gun violence epidemic in our society, then I would ask him or her if they would speak with me and other Members of Congress that have been about the business of trying to cause there to be a reduction. This actually does fit into the cir-cumstances that we are addressing in the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Many of the violent acts that take place—not just mass shoot-ings, but on a day-to-day basis—regret-tably, take place in some of the low-in-come areas, where we have inadequate housing, inadequate education, and in-adequate educational opportunity. I hope at least the research can be done that may give us the data for this Congress to have the courage to tell the American people that, yes, we have a gun violence epidemic, and, yes, we are going to do something about it. The bill underlying this rule would enact several incremental reforms to the Department of Housing and Urban Development’s Section 8 tenant- and project-based rental assistance and other public housing programs. Many of these reforms have been around for several years and have, as my col-league from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ) has pointed out, broad support from a wide range of stakeholders as well as both parties in Congress. However, returning again to the sub-ject of the matter of deductions for child care, it is an important issue that needs to be addressed. Representative W
ATERS has an amendment that was made in order yesterday by the Rules Committee to resolve this issue. Like my colleague from Ohio, I plan to vote for that amendment, and I would urge Members to recognize that this makes a good bill better, and I would urge my colleagues to support Ms. WATERS ’ amendment. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as my colleague from Florida said, this is a good bill. It is a commonsense bill. It reforms our hous-ing programs so they make sense for people. It makes them more efficient. It saves $300 billion. It is a no-brainer. I hope that we can pass the previous question so that we can actually move to passing this bill and doing impor-tant reforms that will make govern-ment more efficient and help people in the war against poverty. I urge my colleagues to support the rule, support the previous question, and support the resolution. The material previously referred to by Mr. H
ASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 594 O FFERED BY  M
R. HASTINGS  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3926) to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for bet-ter understanding of the epidemic of gun vio-lence, and for other purposes. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consid-eration of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3926. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.008 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H441 February 2, 2016 
defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. b1245 RESTORING AMERICANS’ HEALTH-CARE FREEDOM RECONCILIATION ACT OF 2015—VETO MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 25, 2016, the unfinished business is the further consideration of the veto message of the President on the bill (H.R. 3762) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is, Will the House, on recon-sideration, pass the bill, the objections of the President to the contrary not-withstanding? (For veto message, see proceedings of the House of January 8, 2016, at page H210.) The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. TOMPRICE) is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on the veto message of the President of the United States to the bill, H.R. 3762. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, this is a historic day. It is not often that the House has the oppor-tunity to so clearly fight to defend the will of the people. This is a day that embraces our Constitution and one of its fundamental tenets, our system of checks and balances. This issue, the issue of health care, is vital to every single American. Health care is so very personal. The American people are offended by a Federal Gov-ernment that says that they know best, that they know and should dic-tate to folks what kind of health care we should have, who should be treating us, where we should be treated, and on and on and on. The American people have always op-posed the current law. From the very day it was passed and was signed into law, a majority of the citizens of this country opposed this law. In fact, Mr. Speaker, more people op-pose the law now than they did when the bill was passed. This is truly re-markable. More people oppose it now than did when it was passed, which is why we have worked and fought so very hard to represent them, to represent our constituents, and to carry out our solemn responsibility as their Rep-resentatives. The House and the Senate voted to veto this destructive law, a law that is not only destructive to the health and well-being of our citizens, but destruc-tive to the health of our economy, tak-ing jobs away, forcing people into part- time work, forcing businesses to downsize or limit who they hire. It is remarkably destructive. In fact, the House voted to repeal it by larger numbers than it voted to pass it originally. However, the President vetoed our repeal. The President is the only person standing in the way of what the Amer-ican people want. Let me repeat that, Mr. Speaker. The President is the only person standing in the way of what the American people want. So our job now is to stand up for them, to demonstrate for them who is on their side, and who is standing in the way of positive, patient-centered reform. We favor a healthcare system where patients and families and doctors are making medical decisions, not Wash-ington, D.C. We favor a healthcare sys-tem that gets everyone covered with policies that they want for themselves and for their families, not that the gov-ernment forces them to buy. We favor a healthcare system that embraces the principles of health care, accessibility, affordability, quality, re-sponsiveness, innovation, and choice, principles that are all violated by the current law. So today, Mr. Speaker, we stand with the American people. We will vote to override the veto of the President, an action that runs absolutely counter to the will of the majority of our country. I urge my colleagues to support this veto override vote and stand with posi-tive solutions based on the principles of health care that we all embrace. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. The only thing historic about this vote today is it probably breaks the record for the number of times a Con-gress has voted to try to overturn ex-isting law that has been twice upheld by the Supreme Court of the United States. Yes, Mr. Speaker, here we go again and again and again. How fitting it is that we are here, on Groundhog Day, for the 63rd vote in the House of Rep-resentatives to overturn the Affordable Care Act. And make no mistake. The Congres-sional Budget Office, the nonpartisan entity that analyzes bills, has told us and told the American people that, in overturning the Affordable Care Act, you will eliminate affordable health care for 22 million Americans. So this is a historically callous ac-tion that, in 1 day, our colleagues are proposing that we would deny afford-able health care to 22 million Ameri-cans. It is also the 12th vote this House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.004 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH442 February 2, 2016 
has taken to attack women’s health care and defund Planned Parenthood. You know, the American people have got to be scratching their heads. They were told that, with a new Speaker, in the new year, 2016, we would actually begin to address the real challenges facing this country and do some seri-ous work. Yet, the very first action taken here on this House floor in 2016 with the new Speaker was to again try to dismantle the Affordable Care Act. And, yes, that legislation went through the Senate and the House. It went to the Presi-dent’s desk, and the President vetoed it. Make no mistake. We will not over-turn the President’s veto today. This is a futile gesture. It is part of an obses-sion to try to undo affordable care for 22 million Americans, and it is not going to happen. Now, what has happened since the last vote we had here to attack wom-en’s health programs and defund Planned Parenthood? We have had a decision by a court in Texas. Here were the headlines that came out of that court decision: ‘‘Vin-dication for Planned Parenthood’’ and ‘‘Texas grand jury clears Planned Par-enthood, indicts its accusers.’’ I have to say, Mr. Speaker, our col-leagues have a lot of gall to bring this to the floor after that Texas court deci-sion. You know, they went into that Texas court decision, and the Harris County District Attorney said at the outset of their investigation into Planned Par-enthood: We must go where the evi-dence leads us. It began as an investigation into Planned Parenthood, just as we have had a series of witch-hunt investiga-tions here in the House, where the chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee said months ago that there was no evidence that Planned Parenthood had com-mitted any wrongdoing. Now we have a Texas court not only vindicating Planned Parenthood, but indicting their accusers. Mr. Speaker, I tell you, this does take a lot of gall to come back here after that and go after women’s health programs not for the first time, not for the second time. This is now the 11th time. This will be the 11th time this House has wasted taxpayer time and money trying to overturn women’s health pro-grams and the 63rd time it has wasted taxpayer time and money trying to strip away affordable health care to 22 million Americans by undoing the Af-fordable Care Act. So, yes, this is a shamefully historic day. As I said, Mr. Speaker, I think it probably breaks all the records in wasting taxpayer time and money where, in a really cruel way, if we actu-ally did overturn the President’s veto, 22 million Americans would be denied access to health care. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to sustain the President’s veto. Don’t take away health care to 22 million Americans, and don’t continue this at-tack on women’s health. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I would simply say that what we are interested in is expanding health care for the American people that actually responds to their needs. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE), a fellow physician who is the chair of the Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions Subcommittee of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage my colleagues to vote to override President Obama’s veto of the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act. I practiced medicine in rural Ten-nessee for over 30 years, where I didn’t just talk about health care; I actually provided it for patients. The problems that I saw in the system were a major reason why I ran for Congress. The premise of the Affordable Care Act was to increase access and decrease costs. Everyone in this room agrees with that. Unfortunately, the Presi-dent’s healthcare proposal was a 2,500- page bill that defined what kind of health insurance coverage you bought and then fined you when you didn’t buy it, even if you couldn’t afford it. Access might be up because Ameri-cans are forced to buy into the Presi-dent’s healthcare law, but so are costs. I hear from east Tennesseans almost every day who are worse off—not bet-ter off—under ObamaCare. The President was wrong to veto this legislation, just like he is wrong when he says Republicans have no ideas for healthcare reform. Republicans have many ideas and have introduced numerous pieces of legislation to put patients and doctors in charge of their healthcare decisions, not the government and not insurance companies. I know I have a comprehensive bill, and so does Dr. T
OMPRICE of Georgia, as many of my colleagues do in the Doctors Caucus. It is time to repeal this flawed law and give the American people the viable healthcare options they deserve. I encourage my colleagues to support overriding this veto. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE), who is on the Republican committee designed to roll back pro-tections to women’s health care. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this frivolous and wasteful exercise, which will be our sixth vote to defund the Nation’s lead-ing provider of reproductive health care. That is right. House Republicans have now voted six times to defund an organization that 2.7 million Ameri-cans rely on, even though four different Congressional committees tried and have failed to uncover any evidence of illegal activity, even though a grand jury last week cleared Planned Parent-hood of all wrongdoing and, instead, in-dicted their anti-choice accusers, even though Republicans’ taxpayer-funded Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives, which they created nearly 4 months ago, hasn’t held a single meet-ing. b1300 Yet here we are on Groundhog Day, no less, voting for the sixth time to prevent women from choosing their own healthcare provider. It might be funny if it weren’t so outrageous. Women deserve better. They deserve leaders who actually care about the facts. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. MCCLIN-
TOCK ), a fellow member of the Budget Committee. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, the Congressional Budget Office just an-nounced for the first time in our his-tory that Federal healthcare payments now exceed Social Security benefits. Not coincidentally, it also warned that our deficit is again ballooning out of control. ObamaCare forced millions of Ameri-cans out of their low-cost catastrophic coverage and basic employee plans and into Medicaid—the dysfunctional gov-ernment poverty program. The result is skyrocketing costs in that program in which surgical patients are 13 per-cent more likely to die than those with no health insurance at all, according to a recent University of Virginia study. Mr. Obama promised, if we liked our plans and our doctors, we could keep them, and that ObamaCare would save an average family $2,500 a year. In fact, millions lost their doctors and their plans while premiums have increased an average of more than $3,500 per fam-ily. This ain’t working, and it is time to move on to something that does. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Y
ARMUTH ), a distin-guished member of the Budget Com-mittee. Mr. YARMUTH. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this measure does abso-lutely nothing for the American peo-ple. Meanwhile, we have a terribly flawed campaign finance system, an unfair justice system, and a broken im-migration system. There are so many things we could be doing, rather than passing another messaging bill just to make the opponents of ObamaCare feel good. This won’t make the American peo-ple feel good. As a matter of fact, CBO said that by repealing the Affordable Care Act, we will not only add to the deficit, but we will have a demon-strably unhealthier population. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.012 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H443 February 2, 2016 
We have to remember, this is not just about the 22 million who will lose their insurance. This is about the tens of millions of people, hundreds of millions of people who will lose the protections that are part of this act: the ability to put their children on their policies until they are 26 years old, an end to lifetime caps, and an end to annual caps. There are so many things that we would be damaging without an alter-native if we pass this measure today. Finally, the only reason that the Re-publicans are putting this up is because they know it can’t pass because, if it passes, it will wreak havoc on the United States of America and the American citizens, and it will do noth-ing to help them. There is no alter-native, and the Republicans know it. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from the great State of Indiana (Mr. B
UCSHON ), a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee and a fellow physician. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor today in support of the Re-storing Americans’ Healthcare Free-dom Reconciliation Act of 2015. Before I came to Congress, I spent my career taking care of patients. As a physician, I want every American to have access to quality, affordable care. The legislation before us today marks the next step toward that goal. Last month, for the first time, we put a bill to dismantle ObamaCare on the President’s desk. It is no surprise that he vetoed it. Now, with this veto override vote, we are exercising our constitutional power to the fullest extent and bypassing the President to do what is right for our country. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill to show the American people that the House of Representatives is doing everything in our power to stop this disastrous law and replace it with a pa-tient-centered healthcare plan. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ), who is the ranking member of the Select In-vestigative Panel on Infant Lives that Republicans set up to take away repro-ductive healthcare access from women. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, how appropriate that the House Repub-lican leadership decided to vote again on repealing the Affordable Care Act and defunding Planned Parenthood on Groundhog Day. In the movie Ground-hog Day, Bill Murray’s character re-lived the same day over and over again, and we are doing the same thing right here. This is the 63rd vote to undermine or repeal the Affordable Care Act. This is the 12th Republican attack on women’s health in this Congress. While House Republicans have already passed 11 anti-women health measures and are now voting on their 12th, they have not passed one single measure that helps women get the health care that they need. So here we are—on only the 12th business day of the session—facing the same Republican attacks on women’s access to health care. Republicans have said this bill will show the American people the difference between the polit-ical parties in this election year. You bet it will. The difference is clear. My Republican colleagues remain willing to play partisan politics at the expense of women’s health and access to afford-able, quality health care. Women of America are watching, and they don’t like what they see. Never mind the fact that three House committees have already investigated Planned Parenthood following the re-lease of the selectively edited videos, and never mind that a grand jury in Harris County cleared Planned Parent-hood and, instead, indicted the two in-dividuals who made the doctored vid-eos. Facts matter. The truth matters. De-spite my objection to the Select Inves-tigative Panel on Infant Lives, as its ranking member, I will continue to fight to protect women’s health. That is the promise of all Democrats. We will, once again, reject this legislation. This attempt to override is going no-where, and it shouldn’t. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ), a fellow member of the Budget Com-mittee. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the veto override. James Madison wrote in Federalist Paper 51: ‘‘It is of great importance in a republic not only to guard the soci-ety against the oppression of its rulers but to guard one part of the society against the injustice of the other part.’’ As expected, President Obama vetoed a reconciliation bill that would repeal the misnamed Affordable Care Act. This was within his constitutional au-thority. However, our Founders created a balance of powers within the three branches to prevent tyranny by one. With two-thirds, we have the oppor-tunity to override a veto that doesn’t correlate with the views of the Amer-ican public. We have the opportunity to listen to the American people and put healthcare decisions back in their hands. With this override, we have the op-portunity to begin the process of real healthcare reform that provides the American people with healthcare choices, choices they can afford, choices that allow people to keep their doctors, choices that provide a safety net rather than a net that entraps peo-ple into a government program, and choices that allow people to keep their jobs. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this veto override and put the power to leg-islate back in the hands of the legisla-tors. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the distinguished ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, since the passage of the Affordable Care Act in 2010, the House of Representatives has attempted to dismantle the law 62 times. Today is number 63, to repeal a major portion of the Affordable Care Act. Mr. Speaker, since the Affordable Care Act passed, people with pre-existing conditions can now get health insurance. The cost of health insurance has been increasing at the lowest rate since they started keeping records about a half a century ago. Those young people under 26 can stay on their parents’ policies. Women are no longer paying more for insurance than men. We are closing the prescription drug doughnut hole. While thousands of peo-ple were losing their insurance every day when we passed the bill, more than 17 million people have insurance today. If we vote ‘‘yes’’ on this motion, we will cancel all of that progress and at the same time just add to the deficit. Mr. Speaker, we should reject this mo-tion, just as we have 62 previous times. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ), the chair of the Oversight Subcommittee of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I just want to recap quickly how we got here. ObamaCare was passed on a partisan basis through the House and the Sen-ate, signed into law, and then it went forward. It created a false premise, and the false promise that didn’t come to fruition was that people were going to be able to keep their physicians, that premiums were going to go down, and it wasn’t going to add to the deficit. We all know now that was nonsense. So what did the American public do? They said, ‘‘We are going to change the House of Representatives.’’ So they elected a Republican majority in the House to take out ObamaCare. What did they do next when they found an obstacle in the United States Senate? They changed the disposition of the United States Senate. Now, there are some people that say today, ‘‘Oh, this is a complete waste of time.’’ No, it is not, Mr. Speaker. This is not a waste of time. This is a demonstration to the Amer-ican public that there is now one office that stands between them and the re-peal of ObamaCare. There is one office that stands between them and the con-tinued shameful subsidy of Planned Parenthood. We have got an oppor-tunity to change that office in Novem-ber. Mr. Speaker, I urge us to continue that momentum and to vote with Mr. T
OMPRICE of Georgia on this bill. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I would remind my colleagues that the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Of-fice said that if you actually override this veto, 22 million Americans would lose access to affordable health care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.014 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH444 February 2, 2016 
Under the Affordable Care Act, the number of uninsured Americans has dropped significantly. It is a sad day that some people don’t see that as a good thing, just like the same people apparently want to deny women access to reproductive health care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
AD-
LER), a member of the Judiciary Com-mittee and the Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, last month I said that my Republican col-leagues had declared their verdict against Planned Parenthood without ever holding a trial. Now it is even worse. A grand jury in Texas has not only refused to indict Planned Parent-hood, but instead indicted two individ-uals who made this series of blatantly manipulated, false videos on which the Republicans base their attack. Despite this unequivocal finding by a grand jury, not to mention by several congressional committees that Planned Parenthood has violated no laws and done nothing wrong, the Re-publicans are forging ahead in this lu-dicrous effort to cut off all Federal funding. If we override this veto today, we will pass legislation that targets one organization and cuts it off from all Federal funding, including reimburse-ment for services provided, for no jus-tifiable legislative reason beyond pun-ishment for offering a constitutionally protected medical procedure. This is a clearly unconstitutional bill of attainder. The prohibition on bills of attainder exist to ensure that Congress may not usurp the powers of the courts by using legislation to punish an orga-nization or individual that a majority in Congress doesn’t like. The Constitu-tion is clear. Congress cannot be judge, jury, and executioner. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, it is not our role to declare an organization guilty and to impose a punishment. That is for a court. Not only is this bill an unconstitutional bill of attainder, it is a travesty and is seeking to punish one of the best, most praiseworthy or-ganizations in the country, and punish it for what? For enabling women to ex-ercise their constitutional rights. This is really not only an unconstitutional act, but it is part of the war on women. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), the Republican majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. I thank my colleague from Georgia for yielding, for his lead-ership, and for bringing this important bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, this is a historic day. This is the first time that the House of Representatives has had a vote to over-ride President Obama’s veto. If you look at what the veto is about and what the legislation that was vetoed is about, it is about letting the American people actually determine their own healthcare destiny. It is about stopping taxpayer money from going to abortion providers like Planned Parenthood. What this bill does is something very historic by gutting ObamaCare and re-turning that power back to families. I see in my district, and my col-leagues share the same stories, all across the country, millions of Ameri-cans have lost the good health care that they had. They were promised by this President ‘‘if you like what you have, you can keep it.’’ Everybody knows that that is a promise that was broken by this President in his own healthcare law. We restore that ability back to the American people with this bill. With this bill, we also say that abor-tion providers like Planned Parenthood should not be able to get taxpayer money. We completely defund Planned Parenthood in this bill. If this is some-thing that is so vital, look at what the bill does. It actually transfers the money to federally approved health centers all across the country—many more, by the way, than Planned Par-enthood facilities that exist. These are facilities that actually provide services for women that don’t include abortion. So if you look at what this bill is doing, it shows very clearly to the country what is at stake this Novem-ber. We sent a bill to President Obama’s desk that guts ObamaCare and that defunds Planned Parenthood, and he vetoed it. We are going to have the override today. b1315 If it is not successful in the vote today with a two-thirds vote, it makes clear what is at stake this November. Just by changing the President, by having a President who shares our val-ues, Mr. Speaker, who wants to gut this law that is failing Americans, who wants to defund Planned Parenthood, by having a President with those val-ues, we can accomplish those impor-tant objectives. I urge everyone to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I really urge my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats alike, to read the letter from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. This is the agency that we all turn to for unbiased, non-partisan advice. On page 9, you will read that their estimate is that, by overturning the President’s veto and enacting the underlying bill, H.R. 3762, we would increase the number of people without health insurance coverage by about 22 million people in most years after 2017. When my colleagues say this is a his-toric moment, it is true. Never before would this Congress have voted on a veto override that would immediately deny access to affordable health care for 22 million people. I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON  COLEMAN ), a terrific member of the Se-lect Investigative Panel on Infant Lives. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I had no idea that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle were such great fans of the movie ‘‘Groundhog Day.’’ If I had a little more time right now, I would give the exact same speech I gave just 1 month ago, because nothing has changed. The facts remain that Planned Par-enthood is a health organization serv-ing 3 million Americans each year; that one in five Americans will receive care from Planned Parenthood; that despite arguments to the contrary, there are simply not enough health centers to fill the gap; that defunding Planned Parenthood snatches care away from millions of families; and that today’s bill says to women once again how and when they get health care is not their choice. Like then, this has no chance of be-coming law; and, like then, I urge my colleagues to abandon the merry-go- round of attacks on women and fami-lies. Enough attacks on health care, enough attacks on women, and enough attacks on families. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ). Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. I rise today in support of a vote to override the President’s veto of the Re-storing Americans’ Healthcare Free-dom Reconciliation Act. With his veto, the President sent Congress and the American people a disappointing—but unsurprising—mes-sage. Protecting the rights of patients, families, the unborn, and American taxpayers is clearly not a priority for this administration. It is, however, a priority for me and for Congress. We worked to pass this legislation with bicameral support. We worked to help reduce government spending and reduce the burdens of the President’s healthcare law on patients and families. We worked together to prevent taxpayer dollars from funding organizations practicing, in my opin-ion, shameful and unethical activities. We must now work together to over-ride the President’s veto and give the power of healthcare decisions back to the people. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, it is hard to see how giving power to the people is stripping 22 million Ameri-cans of their affordable health care. I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ), a member of the Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Are we able to distinguish the plot of ‘‘Home Alone’’ from congressional pro-ceedings? Today, I am not so sure. I find myself comparing the bumbling criminals trying to break into a house 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.015 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H445 February 2, 2016 
to the misleading criminals and bum-bling legislators who seem to have bro-ken this House. But while ‘‘Home Alone’’ is a comedy, the consequences of today’s votes attacking women’s health and the health care of hard-working Americans is a tragedy. In each case, we have people who do the same thing over and over but only succeed in hurting themselves. In Home Alone, the criminals are tricked with booby traps and misdirection; but in real life, Republicans are stumbling into their 63rd vote to undermine the Affordable Care Act and the 12th vote to attack women’s health by filmmakers who have been indicted for their illegal activities. I am pleased to see that the Texas grand jury exonerated Planned Parent-hood and indicted the real criminals— the video creators. If there were an Oscar for the most fraudulent film, the so-called Center for American Progress would be thanking the Academy. I urge my Republican colleagues to kick these criminals out of our House, disband the taxpayer funded Select In-vestigative Panel on Infant Lives, and get back to the business of governing. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ), a fellow healthcare professional and a member of the Committee on the Budg-et and the Committee on Ways and Means. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, minority leader N
ANCY PELOSI famously called ObamaCare a jobs bill, yet the Congres-sional Budget Office says it will cost our economy the equivalent of 2 mil-lion jobs. The President himself prom-ised that ObamaCare would save fami-lies an average of $2,500 in healthcare costs per year, yet the largest insurer in my State just upped premiums by 36 percent. Mr. Speaker, this law was built on a grand deception. Nearly 6 years later, the lofty promises have faded, and what is left behind are real stories and real people whose lives and livelihoods are impacted by the government- knows-best law they continue to reject. The President’s veto of our reconcili-ation bill to repeal ObamaCare may be what is in his best interest for his po-litical legacy, but my constituents have told me loud and clear it is not what is best for them. Today, let’s call his bluff, and let’s override this veto. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, facts are stubborn things. Since the Af-fordable Care Act was passed, which our Republican colleagues said would be a jobs killer, we have actually seen millions and millions of jobs added in the economy, and the unemployment rate has come way down. The notion that the Affordable Care Act was going to wreck the economy is just blatantly false for everybody to see. Just look at the statistics around the country. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN), someone who cares about the facts, the distin-guished ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee. (Mr. LEVIN asked and was given per-mission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished minority, the gentleman who has worked so hard on budgets, for yielding. The majority whip referred to No-vember. We are serving notice in this discussion: We are proud to defend healthcare reform and will do so be-tween now, as we did before, and No-vember. Since health care began, the unin-sured rate has declined from 20.3 to 11.4, nearly 18 million people now cov-ered who were before uninsured. Now this has also happened: 137 mil-lion Americans have free preventive services. The ACA ends lifetime and annual limits on coverage for 105 million Americans. Also what it does—let me just em-phasize this—129 million Americans with preexisting health conditions no longer have to worry about being de-nied care. I met, last weekend, a woman who had breast cancer. She lost her job and lost health insurance. Because of healthcare reform, she received health insurance. Her breast cancer came back. She looked at us and said to us squarely, one on one, each of us: ‘‘I wouldn’t be here except for healthcare reform.’’ That is what this is all about. This veto will be sustained. It will be sus-tained because healthcare reform re-sponded to the needs of millions of Americans. We in the Democratic Party are proud of that and will, from now until November, say so with im-mense ardor. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), a pro-life champion in our Nation. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, in the age of ultrasound imaging and benign life enhancing healthcare interventions for the baby in the womb, how is it that Planned Parenthood first dehumanizes and then massively kills unborn children—more than 7 million since 1973—and then de-mands that taxpayers subsidize the or-ganization to the tune of about $500 million? Caught on numerous videos, Planned Parenthood abortionists describe how they dig with knives and cut out the inner organs of babies all while alter-ing pain-filled dismemberment proce-dures so as to preserve intact baby hearts, lungs, and livers for a price. This isn’t the first time Planned Par-enthood has been caught red-handed. In 2011, videos by Live Action exposed sev-eral Planned Parenthood clinics eager to facilitate secret abortions for under-cover pimps for child sex trafficking. In 2012, more videos by Live Action ex-posed Planned Parenthood advising un-dercover investigators how to procure sex selection abortions for little girls. Have we lost our capacity to be shocked? Can we not empathize with the child victim? Support the override. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I would encourage everybody to read the results of the Texas grand jury pro-ceeding. Here are some headlines from what happened: ‘‘Vindication for Planned Parenthood,’’ and ‘‘Texas Grand Jury Clears Planned Parent-hood, Indicts Its Accusers.’’ It is a charade that we are back on the floor after that grand jury decision. It is rare, my colleagues, to see a grand jury investigate one entity—in this case, Planned Parenthood—and turn around and indict its accusers. Despite that, we are back here in this evidence- free zone. I yield 1 minute to gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. ADAMS ), a distinguished member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Today, we find ourselves rereading the same chapter from a Republican extremist book that seems to have no end. Today’s vote represents the 63rd time the GOP has tried to repeal or un-dermine the Affordable Care Act and the 12th time the GOP has voted to at-tack women’s health care in the 114th Congress alone. Partisan games and divisions are transgressions on our communities. We must work together to seize the oppor-tunity that exists in our great Nation. We can’t do that by wasting time and energy on radical agendas. Attacking Planned Parenthood is part of a ploy to roll back women’s rights. No one should control a wom-an’s right to make decisions about her own body. I won’t stop advocating for women’s comprehensive health care or a woman’s right to control her own body. This war on women must stop. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCAR-
THY), a champion of patient-centered healthcare reform, the Republican leader. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank the chairman for his work on this issue. Mr. Speaker, today the House is keeping its promise to the American people. We showed we can defund abor-tion providers like Planned Parenthood and increase funding for thousands of women health centers across the coun-try, and we showed we can send a bill repealing ObamaCare to the Presi-dent’s desk even when Democrats are trying to stop us. Now, this is big. That means that when a Republican President takes of-fice next year, we know we can get this passed. We don’t have to worry about the filibuster. We don’t have to worry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.016 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH446 February 2, 2016 
about a veto. With simple majorities and the stroke of a pen, ObamaCare can be gone once and for all. Democrats see that. They know that ObamaCare, in particular, is hanging by a thread. And do you know what? They are terrified. You are going to hear a lot of mock-ing on the other side of the aisle today. Mr. Speaker, they are saying that Re-publicans are at it again trying to re-peal ObamaCare. They are trying to make it seem like this vote doesn’t matter. They tried to stop us at first with ar-guments and debate, but they have lost that debate. b1330 The people aren’t happy with what the Democrats sold them, as few are enrolling, premiums are skyrocketing, and deductibles are so high it can make insurance practically worthless. So, the Democrats, they have given up on debate. They have seen that they have lost, and they have tried their next tactic. They have tried to tell us that there is nothing we can do, that ObamaCare is the law of the land, and that we had better just give up. But then they realized we didn’t give up. Year after year, we listened to the American people, and the people voted for Representatives to repeal ObamaCare; and year after year, the American people saw the healthcare promises that Democrats in Congress and President Obama made were just exactly what they were—empty: you can keep your doctor; you can keep your plan; your premiums will drop. Nobody—not even the President—be-lieves that anymore. So we didn’t give up. We fought for the American people, and we put a bill repealing this law on the President’s desk. Now the Democrats have no more de-fenses. Their law is failing. The people aren’t on their side. The end of ObamaCare is coming, and, in its place, we can create something that delivers so much more than just broken prom-ises. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. The Republican leader said we don’t have to worry about the veto. The re-ality is the President’s veto will be sus-tained today. Apparently, our Repub-lican colleagues are not worried about the 22 million Americans who will lose access to affordable health care. I don’t know what the Republican leader’s def-inition of ‘‘mockery’’ is, but if anybody is mocking the Republican bill here, it is the nonpartisan Congressional Budg-et Office, which wrote to each and every Member of Congress that, if you actually overrode the President’s veto and enacted this legislation—and I am sorry to repeat it again, but it is here in black and white from the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office— you would increase the number of peo-ple who are without health insurance coverage by 22 million people. That is what our Republican colleagues are talking about here. So, no, we don’t want to do that, and the President doesn’t want to do that, and that is not going to happen here today, but it certainly does indicate the stakes in the 2016 elections, be-cause, on the one hand, you have a Re-publican-controlled Congress that would, at the snap of a finger, like to get rid of affordable health care for 22 million people, and, apparently, it wants to ignore the facts that we learned from the Texas grand jury that vindicated Planned Parenthood and said that their accusers, instead, should be indicted. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS), the chair of the Health Subcommittee of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. Mr. PITTS. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the millions of families across the country who have had their health in-surance disrupted by the President’s health law and in support of the mil-lions more Americans who don’t want the government giving their tax money to abortion providers. Some 6 million households across the country have lost the health plans they liked or have lost their doctors even though President Obama promised 37 different times that this would not happen. Hundreds of my constituents have contacted me to tell me about higher premiums, higher deductibles, and coverage lost outright: Michael Cain of Lancaster contacted me recently to tell me that his pre-miums have nearly doubled just in the 2 years since the implementation of the President’s health law; Jennifer Hoy of Ephrata wrote to me that her family lost three out of four of her children’s doctors. Imagine the stress of a mother in that situation; Deborah Kennedy of Columbia con-tacted me to tell me that, in Novem-ber, she spent countless hours trying to operate the broken healthcare.gov Web site. She lost her insurance and had to buy insurance nearly 50 percent more expensive while she lives on a fixed in-come. These are hardworking Pennsylvania families who have done nothing wrong but who have been victimized by the arrogance of a Federal Government that thinks it knows better than the people and that tries to bully hard-working American families. The legislation we are considering today saves taxpayers money and treats them with respect. Mr. Speaker, 84 percent of this country supports re-strictions on abortions. However, this administration is giving their tax dol-lars to organizations that kill innocent babies. Today’s legislation channels taxpayer money away from organiza-tions that provide abortion and toward something that all Americans can sup-port—federally qualified health cen-ters. These centers are focused on car-ing for the poorest in our communities, and they actually care for women’s health. Unlike Planned Parenthood, they actually do mammograms. A vote for this bill is a vote for the millions like Deborah Kennedy, Jen-nifer Hoy, and Michael Cain, who have borne the consequences of an out-of- control Federal Government. Vote to override the President’s veto. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I heard the word ‘‘bullying’’ used. It is ironic that that word would be used in a vote that would deny 22 million Americans access to affordable health care. Again, I want to underscore for our colleagues, some of whom may not have read the Congressional Budget Of-fice’s report, that this comes from the nonpartisan entity that advises both parties in Congress. In fact, the head of the Congressional Budget Office was appointed by our Republican col-leagues. It is they who are telling us that, with this vote, 22 million Ameri-cans would be denied access to afford-able health care. That seems to qualify as bullying if anything does. Mr. Speaker, let’s review the situa-tion with respect to Planned Parent-hood. This Republican-controlled House had its standing committees inves-tigate Planned Parenthood, including the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform. They had hearings, and they hauled up the head of Planned Parenthood to some of these hearings. At the end of those hearings, the Re-publican chairman of that committee concluded that Planned Parenthood had engaged in no wrongdoing. He said that on national television. Despite that finding, back in January, our Re-publican colleagues went ahead and launched this attack on women’s repro-ductive health and defund Planned Par-enthood. That was bad enough. Since that time, we have had even more evidence. We have had the grand jury proceeding in Texas that exoner-ated Planned Parenthood. They began the investigation against Planned Par-enthood, and they said they would go where the evidence led them. At the end of that evidence-seeking effort, they exonerated and vindicated Planned Parenthood and called for the indictment of the people who had wrongly accused them. That was the result. Yet here we are on this House floor today as if nothing had happened—ig-noring the evidence that the grand jury heard and continuing on this witch hunt of the special committee’s against Planned Parenthood. So, yes, maybe this day is making history. It is probably one of the sad-dest examples of a Congress run amuck, when, for the 62nd or 63rd time now, we are trying to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act—ObamaCare—and, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.017 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H447 February 2, 2016 
for the 12th time, trying to launch this attack on women’s reproductive health and on Planned Parenthood despite all of the intervening and previously exist-ing evidence. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, one of the saddest days that the American people remember on the floor of this House was a day in March of 2010. It was when this House voted in a hyperpartisan way to pass a healthcare bill that took away patient- centered health care and put Wash-ington in charge of health care across this country. I now yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, millions of Americans have endured sky-rocketing premiums, higher deductibles, limited networks, failing co-ops, and dropped coverage because of the Affordable Care Act, like the mom in my district who now has to pay $400 for her son’s lifesaving peanut allergy medication when it used to cost her $10 under the plan that the Presi-dent promised she could keep. While some have gained coverage under this failing law, it has been at the expense of far too many others. Just last Monday, the Congressional Budget Office announced that 40 per-cent fewer Americans signed up for health coverage this year than was pre-dicted. In fact, many Americans are choosing to pay a penalty instead of signing up for the so-called affordable healthcare coverage mandated by this law. We need to empower all patients with more choice while offering solu-tions for the uninsured and those with preexisting conditions. Mr. Speaker, if we vote to override, contrary to what has been suggested, the insurance doesn’t end tomorrow. We have provisions in this legislation that would extend credits through the end of 2017, giving us the opportunity to do proper healthcare reform that does empower patients and not bureau-crats here in Washington, D.C. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. K
IND), a distin-guished member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. KIND. I thank my friend for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this veto override. Listen, I understand people’s objec-tions and concerns about the healthcare reform that we have em-barked upon as a nation, but, clearly, now is not the time to take us back to the status quo, which was going to leave us in a very bad place in this Na-tion. Before the Affordable Care Act was passed, the numbers of uninsured were going up. The expense for individuals and businesses was going up. Healthcare costs, budgetwise, were going up. Too many people were being denied coverage based on preexisting conditions. Young people—younger than 26—were being dropped from health insurance plans. All of that now is being corrected. Not that this is a perfect response to the complexity of the healthcare sys-tem, but there is a lot of good that is being done, including in two areas. One is delivery system reform so that we move to a more integrated, coordi-nated, patient-centered healthcare de-livery system based on models that do work. Secondly, and perhaps most im-portantly, we are changing, under the Affordable Care Act, how we pay for health care so that it is based on the quality or on the outcome or on the value of care that is given and no longer on the numbers of procedures and how much is done to us rather than how well it’s done. We are demanding better quality at a better price, and the numbers are showing that we are heading in this di-rection. I say we stay the course in continuing to benefit by extending af-fordable healthcare coverage to more Americans and in finally getting a grip on these rising healthcare costs. I en-courage my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this veto override. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from New Hampshire (Mr. GUINTA ), a champion of patient-cen-tered health care. Mr. GUINTA. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3762 and in support of overriding the President’s veto of this very important bill. The Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act repeals some of the most egregious and harm-ful aspects of ObamaCare: the indi-vidual mandate, the employer man-date, the medical device tax, and espe-cially the Cadillac tax—a 40 percent ex-cise tax on certain employer health benefits. In the coming years, the Cadillac tax will be responsible for employees from local governments, small businesses and large, nonprofits, and colleges-uni-versities losing their access to high- quality, affordable health care. This is unacceptable for my home State of New Hampshire—people who want pa-tient-centered health care and options for themselves, their families, not higher premiums, higher deductibles, and fewer doctors. That is why it is so important to override this veto today. The House and Senate have worked hard in giving American families and small-business owners better care, better options, and greater affordability. We need to con-tinue that approach and ensure that patient-centered health care is at the center of what America stands for. As a new member of the Budget Com-mittee, I thank my chairman for giving me the opportunity to speak today, and I look forward to working with my colleagues to support this legislation. b1345 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Not having access to any affordable health care certainly doesn’t meet any-one’s definition of patient-centered healthcare. Our Republican colleagues, when they first launched the attacks on the Affordable Care Act and ObamaCare, said: We are going to repeal this, and we are going to replace it. Well, we have voted, as of today, 63 times to dismantle it. How many times have we voted to replace it? Zero. Zero times to replace it. My colleague, Mr. KINDfrom Wis-consin, raised an important point. The way our healthcare insurance system was working back in the early 2000s, millions of Americans were denied ac-cess to health care because of a pre-existing condition, because their kid had diabetes or asthma. Premiums were going through the roof and sky-rocketing. The Affordable Care Act has now pro-vided affordable health care to millions more Americans and, as we have heard from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, passing this bill would actually take it away for 22 million Americans. Despite all that, despite the 63rd at-tempt to get rid of it and deny that ac-cess to health care, not once have we heard the replaced part of that Repub-lican agenda. So, Mr. Speaker, it is a sad day when you want to take away access to af-fordable health care from 22 million Americans and don’t have a single al-ternative to put on the floor of this House. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ), the chair of the Ways and Means Com-mittee, a gentleman who has dedicated so much time and effort to responsible, appropriate health care for the Amer-ican people. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman P
RICE for his leader-ship during this historic effort to dis-mantle the President’s burdensome healthcare law and stand for the rights of the unborn. I am pleased to support this veto override. It couldn’t come at a more critical time in our history. The rights of the innocent unborn is the great human rights issue of our time. This President has chosen to stand on the wrong side of history. By vetoing this bill, he continues to funnel taxpayer dollars to subsidize the grue-some practices at Planned Parenthood. This country has lost 58 million chil-dren to abortion since 1973. That means there are more American deaths from this practice each year that are nearly equal to all of the American casualties from all our wars combined. This gov-ernment-financed war on the innocent unborn has to stop. This House has already spoken. Whether you are pro-life or pro-choice, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.019 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH448 February 2, 2016 
we have always agreed you don’t use taxpayer dollars for the controversial practice of abortion. It is up to us to continue to stand with those we represent who don’t be-lieve their dollars should go to this. We are going to stand with our constitu-ents against this terrible healthcare law because they have been hurt by higher prices, fewer doctors, and less affordable medicine. Frankly, this healthcare law has hurt too many Americans. We know now the path to repeal. We know how to remove the law’s man-dates, tax hikes, and slush funds. Now we just need a new President. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I am embarking on completing my fourth year here in the United States House of Representatives. Four years ago I ran for the Congress, in part, to support the Affordable Care Act. There is a group of beneficiaries of the ACA that is often not discussed, and it is hospitals. I come from a part of northeastern Pennsylvania where the hospitals bore the brunt—and this is true all over America—bore the brunt of having to treat uninsured pa-tients. People would show up on the doorsteps of the hospital and have to be treated. Well, the hospital has to ab-sorb that when they treat uninsured patients. So what we saw over and over in my district in northeastern Pennsylvania was hospitals were closing. I know why. I sat on the board of directors of a small hospital. When you absorb it and you absorb it and you absorb the uninsured care year after year, eventually they start cut-ting back on nurses, start cutting back on essential services. Finally, there is nothing left to cut and they close the hospital. That is a terrible detriment to your health care when your hospital is no longer 10 minutes away and it is 40 minutes away. That can be the dif-ference between life and death. That is why the Affordable Care Act is some-thing that I supported. We should not dismantle it. I urge Members to vote against this bill. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ), who serves on the Education and the Work-force Committee. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, since ObamaCare was forced onto the Amer-ican people 6 long years ago, Ameri-cans have seen their premiums sky-rocket and access to providers dwindle. In fact, Chairman P
RICE and I were in my district talking to a number of phy-sicians at the emergency room. They said: Not a thing has changed, but we are still taking care of the people just like we did before this terrible bill. Ever since I came to Congress, I have consistently heard from folks in the 12th District of Georgia about the bur-dens of ObamaCare and that Planned Parenthood should not receive one dime of their hard-earned tax money. I have heard from a family of five whose previous healthcare policy was terminated and buying a new plan means their premiums will go from $700 to over $1,000. Those seeking treatment could not even pay their deductible. A small-business owner’s premiums more than doubled and benefits have been reduced. An individual projects 16 percent of his income will go toward health care this year alone. This law is killing the economy. This law is crushing. Even worse, it is crushing Americans and American fam-ilies and their ability to earn a good living. Is the sake of a political legacy worth all of this? I think not. After 6 years of failed policy, Americans de-serve better. That is why I am proud to cast my vote to override the President’s veto of the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act. It is time to move forward in finding a cost-effec-tive and patient-centered plan for our citizens. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. We have heard a lot of talk about premiums going up. The dirty little se-cret, which every Member of this House knows or should know, is that pre-miums have been going up consistently for a very long period of time. The issue is: How fast do they go up? If you look at this chart, you will find that, for employer-sponsored in-surance, which is what most Americans are on, premium increases were huge between 2000 and 2010, before the pas-sage of the Affordable Care Act, 9.5 per-cent. After the passage of the Afford-able Care Act, those premium increases have dropped substantially, 4.8, now 2.7. When Members of Congress get up here and talk about premiums going up, ask yourself the question: How fast are they going up? Because before the Affordable Care Act passed, it was through the roof, and they have dra-matically slowed. I said our Republican colleagues did the repeal part, but not the replace part. So they want to take out the part that has slowed down the premiums and go back to the day when you had skyrocketing premium increases. So we need to talk in a fact-based conversation here on the floor of the House of Representatives. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ), a fellow member of the Committee on the Budget. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, in an era where people are so easily offended, where nativity scenes are shut down, where racism is claimed at the tiniest of circumstances, it is surprising that, in 2015, the Federal Government is still funding Planned Parenthood. Margaret Sanger, the founder of Planned Parenthood, once wrote: ‘‘We don’t want the word to get out that we want to exterminate the Negro popu-lation, and the minister is the man who can straighten out that idea if it ever occurs to any of their more rebel-lious members.’’ You can see that is a little bit out of context, but there is no doubt that Margaret Sanger is connected with some of the ugliest periods in our coun-try’s history involving racism or eu-genics. Her endorsements of promiscuity and opposition to Christian teachings and sexual conduct are well known. To this day, Planned Parenthood counsels mi-nors without parental consent. If you really want to strike a blow for equality and strike a blow for not offending people, we should stop spend-ing the hundreds of millions of dollars we do every year on Planned Parent-hood. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), a dis-tinguished member of the Committee on the Judiciary who is focused on an evidence-based approach to all of these issues. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Maryland. I do want to say to the gentleman that, as you well know, the Judiciary Committee, in many machi-nations over the years, has looked at this question of choice and the con-stitutional right that comes from Roe v. Wade. Unfortunately, our voices— those of us who are there who argue the constitutional premise—have not been heard Let me stand in opposition to, again, a Groundhog Day announcement, which is again trying to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act. The good news is that this is my daughter’s birthday. So I can celebrate February 2nd in a good way. This approach to again try to take away from the millions of people in Texas who are uninsured the right to be insured, to have insurance with pre-existing conditions, and this horrible provision to defund Planned Parent-hood, which is a health prospect and a health project that gives good health care to women, is absurd. Let me also say, Mr. Speaker, that we face some troubling times when people are unemployed, and Planned Parenthood has provided resources to those vulnerable women. I can’t under-stand why this bill continues to come up. I am glad to stand in opposition to support Planned Parenthood and its funding and to recognize that the Con-stitution does protect choice. We do need to provide health care. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I think this is the chart that gets to the issue that is before us today the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.021 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H449 February 2, 2016 
most, and that is what is our responsi-bility to our constituents. As I mentioned earlier, when this bill passed on the floor of the House in March of 2010 in a hyperpartisan vote, the American people opposed it. The fact of the matter is the Amer-ican people oppose it by greater num-bers now than they did back then. It is because they have seen its implemen-tation. They know that their premiums have gone up. They know that their healthcare costs more. They know that they can’t see the doctor that they want to see. They know that they can’t go to the hospital or the clinic that they want to go to. They know that the quality of their health care is actually decreasing if they talk to their doctor, and they know that their choices have been harmed in so many ways. So this is a little chart here that demonstrates that 52 percent, accord-ing to Gallup in November of last year, oppose this bill. According to Fox, in August of last year, 54 percent opposed this bill. According to Quinnipiac, in July of last year, 52 percent opposed this bill. Those numbers only increase. Our responsibility, as Representa-tives of the people, is to represent them. That is what we are doing today. The President is standing in the way of the people’s wishes on this piece of leg-islation. The President is standing in the way of patient-centered health care. It is our job and our responsibility to stand up for the American people and the will of the American people. We will vote today to override this veto. I urge my colleagues to join in that ac-tivity. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, is the gentleman prepared to close? Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time re-mains on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania). The gentleman from Maryland has 1 minute remain-ing. The gentleman from Georgia has 5
3⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I share with my colleague that, unless the Speaker shows up, I am prepared to close. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. What the chairman of the Budget Committee said about the Affordable Care Act omitted the fact that a ma-jority of Americans do not want to re-peal and dismantle the Affordable Care Act. We would be happy to work with our colleagues in smoothing out some of the edges, but our Republican col-leagues are only determined to take it down entirely without a replacement. In fact, when you ask the American public: ‘‘What one word describes how you feel about the ongoing political de-bate about the Affordable Care Act?’’ they respond: ‘‘ridiculous,’’ ‘‘waste of time.’’ It is a waste of time. Here we are for the 63rd time trying to get rid of the Affordable Care Act. It is not going to happen. The President vetoed the bill. We will sustain the veto. To add insult to injury, our Repub-lican colleagues now want to ignore all the facts about the grand jury inves-tigation into Planned Parenthood, which vindicated Planned Parenthood and concluded instead that they should indict Planned Parenthood’s accusers. Mr. Speaker, we will sustain the President’s veto. We will protect health insurance for 22 million Ameri-cans, and we will protect women’s ac-cess to reproductive care. Let’s sustain the President’s veto. Let’s get on with doing the people’s business here. b1400 Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I think it is important to appreciate the numbers of individuals who are supporting our work on this issue, the folks who support repealing this legis-lation: Associated Builders and Con-tractors, Christian Coalition of Amer-ica, Concerned Women of America, the Family Research Council, FreedomWorks, National Right to Life, American Center for Law and Justice, American Commitment, American Conservative Union, American Prin-ciples Project, Americans for Pros-perity, Americans for Tax Reform, Americans United for Life, Conserv-ative Women for America, Focus on the Family, Heritage Action for America, Independent Women’s Voice, Liberty Counsel Action, March for Life, the Na-tional Center for Policy Analysis, Na-tional Institute of Family and Life Ad-vocates, National Taxpayers Union, Population Research Institute, Priests for Life, Students for Life, Susan B. Anthony, The Justice Foundation, Tra-dition, Family, Property, Incorporated, and Traditional Values Coalition. Mr. Speaker, the majority of the American people oppose the law in place. As I close, the remarks that we make today, this is the time to try to set the record straight. We have heard from our friends on the other side what the Congressional Budget Office says. I will tell you what the Congressional Budget Office says about jobs. It says that this law will decrease the equivalent of over 2 million jobs in this Nation. Over 2 million jobs in this Nation lost because of this law. Our friends talk about the CBO say-ing that 22 million individuals are going to lose their insurance. That is because CBO scores things in a way that doesn’t recognize the other action that will occur, which is why we have in this bill a transition period to phase in to patient-centered health care; again, health care where patients and families and doctors are making deci-sions, not Washington, D.C. We have a government of, by, and for the people, and we take that very, very seriously. When the President is stand-ing in the way of the desires and the wishes of the American people as it re-lates to something as personal as health care, our responsibility is to stand up for the American people, and that is precisely what we are doing today. As it relates to women’s health care, our bill actually would increase spend-ing—increase spending—on women’s health care across this great land and allow greater opportunity for access to community health centers by women to receive the kind of health care that they need. Our friends on the other side talk about premiums going up only a little bit more than they had been in the past. Mr. Speaker, what that ignores is that the President of the United States promised—promised—the American people that premiums would go down on average $2500 for a family of four. In fact, what they have done is gone up by nearly $3,000 for a family of four. Mr. Speaker, that is not comparing it to anything else. That is comparing it to what the President promised the American people, and the American people expect their Representatives and the President to keep their prom-ises. Deductibles have gone up incredibly. Our friends on the other side don’t talk about that because what that means is that folks have health coverage out there, but they don’t have health care. If you are a family of four, if you are an individual out there making $40,000, $50,000, $60,000 a year, and your deduct-ible is $10,000 a year or $12,000 a year, which is not unusual given this law, Mr. Speaker, you may have health cov-erage, but you don’t have any health care. As a formerly practicing physician, I can tell you I hear from my colleagues all the time about folks across this land who are making decisions, finan-cial decisions because of this law, de-nying themselves and their family the ability to care for themselves and their family because of this law. Mr. Speaker, the fact of the matter is, we believe that the principles of health care that we all hold dear ought to be adhered to. We believe in a sys-tem that ought to be accessible for folks—everybody. We believe in a sys-tem that ought to be affordable for ev-erybody, that is of the highest quality, and that expands choices for the Amer-ican people. The American people ought to be the ones who are deciding who is taking care of them when and where and the like. Mr. Speaker, the fact of the matter is that this law violates every one of those principles. Accessibility is going down across this great land. Afford-ability is going down. Costs are going up. Quality is decreasing. All you have to do is talk to the men and women who are charged with caring for the American people. Choices have been de-stroyed in our health care system. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.022 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH450 February 2, 2016 
The principles that the American people hold dear, regardless of their po-litical stripe, have been violated by this law. That is why we are standing here today, standing up and rep-resenting the American people, stand-ing up on behalf of the American peo-ple and demonstrating once again that the only thing that stands in the way of what the American people want and what is occurring right now is that the President of the United States re-fuses—refuses—to follow the will of the people. I urge a vote in favor of this veto override. We can get on then with the hard work of making certain that we move in the direction of patient-cen-tered health care where patients and families and doctors are making med-ical decisions and not Washington, D.C. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Amer-ican People have spoken and they do not want Obama’s high-cost, job-killing, con-science-violating healthcare law. But the President refuses to listen. He ve-toed Obamacare Reconciliation passed by both the House and Senate to dismantle Obamacare. Americans have lost their insurance plans and their doctors. Their insurance premiums have skyrocketed and some have even lost their jobs because of Obamacare. Yet the Ad-ministration just sits by and watches while the American people suffer. Today, the House continues to stand up for the people with this veto override. We will con-tinue to fight for our constituents to defeat Obamacare and defund Planned Parenthood. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this important meas-ure to show the President and the America people that we will not stop until Obamacare is defeated. And that’s just the way it is. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous ques-tion. The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is, Will the House, on recon-sideration, pass the bill, the objections of the President to the contrary not-withstanding? Under the Constitution, the vote must be by the yeas and nays. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, fur-ther proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 594; and Adopting House Resolution 594, if or-dered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Any re-maining electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 5-minute vote. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3700, HOUSING OPPOR-TUNITY THROUGH MODERNIZA-TION ACT OF 2015 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 594) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3700) to pro-vide housing opportunities in the United States through modernization of various housing programs, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 236, nays 178, not voting 19, as follows: [Roll No. 48] YEAS—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—178 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—19 
Brooks (IN) Butterfield Castro (TX) Fattah Franks (AZ) Gowdy Grijalva Hice, Jody B. Huffman Issa Jordan Larson (CT) Lujan Grisham (NM) Maloney, Sean Massie Pompeo Scott, Austin Smith (WA) Westmoreland 
b1426 Ms. TITUS changed her vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.023 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H451 February 2, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania). The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 242, noes 177, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 49] AYES—242 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—177 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—14 
Brooks (IN) Butterfield Castro (TX) Fattah Gowdy Hice, Jody B. Issa Jordan Lujan Grisham (NM) Maloney, Sean Massie Smith (WA) Takai Westmoreland 
b1433 Mr. RUSH changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on Roll Call Number 48 on the Motion on Ordering the Previous Ques-tion on the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 3700. I am not recorded because I was absent due to awaiting the impending birth of my son in San Antonio, Texas. Had I been present I would have voted NAY. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on Roll Call Number 49 on H. Res. 594—Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 3700— Housing Opportunity Through Modernization Act of 2015. I am not recorded because I was absent due to awaiting the impending birth of my son in San Antonio, Texas. Had I been present I would have voted NAY. f 
HOUSING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and submit extraneous mate-rials on the bill, H.R. 3700, to provide housing opportunities in the United States through modernization of var-ious housing programs, and for other purposes. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 594 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 3700. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1437 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 3700) to provide housing opportunities in the United States through modernization of various housing programs, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, today I rise in strong support of H.R. 3700, the Housing Op-portunity Through Modernization Act, offered by my friend, Chairman L
UETKEMEYER of Missouri. I want to thank him for his leader-ship on this bill that he has worked on for many, many months. It represents a true bipartisan approach to housing reform. I also want to thank his fellow Mis-sourian, the ranking member of the Housing Subcommittee, again, another gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LEAVER ), for his input into this legis-lation and for his leadership on his side of the aisle as well. H.R. 3700 passed the Financial Serv-ices Committee with broad bipartisan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.026 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH452 February 2, 2016 
support back in December. Again, it is designed to help promote greater effi-ciency in our existing housing assist-ance programs. In many different ways, Mr. Chair-man, it modernizes a lot of outdated rules and regulations which, in some cases, have not even been updated in a generation. And so, in that respect, it takes the resources that we have and targets it to those who need it the most. So you will find provisions here deal-ing with Section 8 rental assistance, public housing, rural housing, homeless assistance, and FHA mortgage insur-ance for condominiums. It is a very broad bill, and, again, it enjoys bipar-tisan support. Let me talk a little bit about what H.R. 3700 doesn’t do or what it is not. Few have been more critical about the poor focus of our HUD programs than I have been because, regardless of what-ever their good intentions may be, the undeniable truth is current Federal housing policy remains fractured, re-mains costly, remains inefficient, and oftentimes does not help those who truly need it. In 2012, the GAO found that 20 dif-ferent Federal Government entities ad-minister over 160 different programs, tax expenditures, and other tools that support home ownership and rental housing. The Department of HUD has received approximately more than $1.6 trillion in real dollars since it was born 50 years ago and today spends over $45 bil-lion annually on at least 85 active pro-grams, again, many of which have not been modernized or updated in a gen-eration. And the results of all this? Well, all too often housing afford-ability remains a very real challenge for many Americans. Too many neigh-borhoods still suffer from blight and neglect with substandard housing op-tions for low-income families. Most tellingly, the national poverty rate has remained essentially un-changed in the 50 years since HUD was first created. Mr. Chairman, we can do better. Now, we all know that the best hous-ing program is a job, a career path, one with a future. We know that the best housing program is economic oppor-tunity for all, boundless economic op-portunity for all. But there are still some that need assistance. So that is not what this debate is about today. Today the debate is: What can we do on a bipartisan basis? Where can we come to agreement on current existing programs to try to make them work better for the poor and for our low-income people who need assistance through the HUD programs? What is it we can do to help move more people out of poverty to lives of self-suffi-ciency? How do we reform HUD’s com-plex bureaucratic web of programs? How do we spread economic oppor-tunity to all? Those should be what our goals are. H.R. 3700 addresses the question by finding many ways within HUD’s bu-reaucracy to streamline the inspection protocol for rental assistance units, to simplify tenant income review so local housing officials can focus on housing, not data collection, and to target as-sistance, again, to households with the greatest need. For the first time, H.R. 3700 will state that any occupant of a public housing unit that exceeds the area me-dian income for 2 consecutive years ei-ther gives up their government subsidy or moves out of the unit. That provides more resources for those who deserve it. H.R. 3700 also addresses the problem of over-income occupants. It creates for the first time a financial asset test for public housing residents. Currently, there is only a one-time income test. Again, these are just two ways, Mr. Chairman, that we ensure that the re-sources that are devoted to these hous-ing programs are targeted to those who are most in need. I could go on and on about the bene-fits of the bill. But let me just say that, with any great project, there are those who are always saying we could do more. And, yes, we could do more, and we are working faster to imple-ment even more reforms. But today represents a start of a process, not the end of a process, a very ambitious project to transform how we deliver government housing assistance in America and help people graduate from Federal assistance to lives of self- sufficiency and financial independence. Again, I congratulate the gentleman from Missouri, the chairman of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee, for his great leadership. I commend the ranking member of that committee as well for working on a bipartisan basis. I hope all Members will support H.R. 3700. It is a bipartisan first step in fix-ing a broken housing system that we have. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, we are here today to discuss H.R. 3700, but I would like to start by saying how pleased I am that we are focusing on housing. This is the first major housing bill that the Financial Services Committee has considered in the past several Con-gresses, and I hope that we can spend a lot more time focusing on the dire housing needs of low-income families in America as we move forward. b1445 Today, only one in four households in this country who are eligible to receive housing assistance actually receive it, and there is a severe deficit of over 7 million rental units that are both af-fordable and available to extremely low-income Americans. Furthermore, according to HUD’s most recent point-in-time count, there are nearly 600,000 Americans who are homeless in this country—a staggering number I find simply unconscionable. These statistics demonstrate that we must come together to make reforms to Federal housing programs, but also to commit new resources to tackle the extreme lack of affordable housing in this country. I spend a lot of time visiting and talking with housing and homeless services providers. Recently, I visited the Downtown Women’s Center in Los Angeles and N Street Village here in D.C. These homeless service providers are helping women and families get off the streets and into safe, decent, af-fordable, and supportive housing. Orga-nizations such as these are not just ap-plying compassion, they are applying evidence-based approaches to address-ing homelessness in the most effective ways. H.R. 3700 is a step in the right direc-tion because it directly responds to concerns that I have heard over and over again from these housing and homeless service providers about how Federal housing programs can better support their efforts. This bill would make several incre-mental changes across a number of Federal housing programs that will allow us to better serve low-income families in need of housing assistance while also relieving certain adminis-trative burdens. These changes would affect public housing, section 8 Tenant and Project-Based Rental Assistance, the Federal Housing Administration, the Rural Housing Service, and HUD’s homelessness programs, among others. Many of the provisions are common-sense reforms that are long overdue. For example, this bill includes the text of my bill, the Project-Based Voucher Improvement Act of 2015, which would increase flexibility for public housing authorities to develop new units of housing to serve vulnerable popu-lations, including those who are home-less in this country. It would also help to create housing opportunities in areas where vouchers are difficult to use. Several national and local tenant ad-vocacy organizations and affordable housing industry groups have expressed support for my bill. In addition, a num-ber of other provisions in H.R. 3700 were included in previous section 8 re-form bills that I have introduced. I am pleased that my Republican colleagues have expressed their support for these provisions that I have long advocated. At the markup of this bill, I raised a serious concern that I had with one of the provisions in H.R. 3700 because it would effectively raise rents for low-in-come families with children who are living in certain HUD-assisted housing. I voted against the bill in committee. Although I voted against the bill at the committee markup for this reason, I am very pleased to say that I have worked, and my staff has worked, with my Republican colleagues so that we could find some common ground, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.028 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H453 February 2, 2016 
they have indicated that they will sup-port my amendment that I have offered to address this issue. I am encouraged that my Republican colleagues shared in my concerns and that we were able to reach a meaning-ful compromise on this issue. Mr. Chairman, that is why I am now urging my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 3700. It is high time we came to-gether to pass a bipartisan housing bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ), the chairman of the Housing and Insurance Subcommittee of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. He happens to be the author of the bill. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Chairman H
EN-
SARLING , Ranking Member W ATERS , and especially my good friend from Missouri, the ranking member, Mr. C
LEAVER . We have had a labor of love with this bill, and it took two guys from the Show Me State to show them how to do it. We are excited about that, and I want to give a special shout-out to him. Mr. Chairman, when I took the gavel of the Financial Services Sub-committee on Housing and Insurance, I told my colleagues I wanted to work with them across party lines to make meaningful changes that benefit all Americans. H.R. 3700 represents a major step forward, one to reform a system that is in many instances out-dated, duplicative, and burdensome. As a body, we should be committed to creating a more efficient govern-ment and greater opportunity for the American people and American busi-nesses. H.R. 3700 helps us meet those commitments. This legislation promotes greater ef-ficiency in housing assistance pro-grams and modernizes outdated rules and regulations, which in some cases have not been updated in more than a generation. H.R. 3700 streamlines the inspection protocol for rental assist-ance units, simplifies the income recer-tification policies for assisted house-holds, clarifies homeless assistance program requirements, delegates rural housing loan approval authority, and provides targeted flexibility between public housing operating and capital funds. H.R. 3700 also gives State and local housing agencies and private owners enhanced flexibility in meeting key program objectives such as reducing homelessness, improving access to higher-opportunity neighborhoods, and addressing repair needs of public hous-ing. The bill also, for the first time in over 30 years of public housing policy, provides a thoughtful limitation on public housing tenancy for over-income families. Importantly, this legislation also pays special attention to our homeless veterans and children aging out of foster care, two vulnerable com-munities that need our support today. H.R. 3700 does all of this and still manages to save the taxpayers money. CBO estimates that the underlying bill saves $311 million over 5 years. I will be the first to point out that H.R. 3700 will not necessarily change the world. It won’t overhaul HUD or the Rural Housing Service, end home-lessness overnight, or meet the over-whelming need for affordable housing. But it is a significant step in the long journey to reforming a broken system. The majority of the provisions in this bill were agreed to years ago by Mem-bers of Congress, housing advocates, and industry groups. H.R. 3700 is a set of solutions on which all parties, in Congress, industry, and advocacy, have agreed and can agree. Mr. Chairman, this legislation pre-sents a bipartisan effort that has been drafted and debated over the past 6 months. I want to thank again Chair-man HENSARLING for his support and Ranking Member W
ATERS for her work on the bill, which passed the Financial Services Committee in December by an overwhelming bipartisan vote of 44–10. I also want to recognize my good friend, the ranking member, Mr. C
LEAVER from Missouri. Without his tireless efforts, this bill would be very difficult to have accomplished any-thing with. Housing policy isn’t easy. It is emo-tional. It touches lives. It sets the stage for future generations. Because it is so important, it isn’t always easy to find policies on which we all agree. With H.R. 3700, we have an opportunity to show the Nation that we are com-mitted to working together, and with a diverse group of stakeholders, for the American people. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I urge the Senate to consider it without delay so we can break a status quo that bene-fits too few at the cost of too many. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LEAVER ). He is the leading Demo-cratic sponsor of this bill, a member of the Financial Services Committee, and the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Housing and Insurance. Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Chairman, I came to Congress, and because of my own ex-periences, I only had one ambition other than being a Member of Con-gress, and it was to take leadership in the Subcommittee on Housing and In-surance because, experientially, I thought I had experiences that might help. And secondly, having served as mayor, we dealt a lot with housing in Missouri’s largest city. I had this op-portunity. And I want to thank Ms. W
ATERS for the opportunity to be the lead Democrat on the Housing and In-surance Subcommittee. I think it was fortunate, maybe even fortuitous, that two Missourians ended up working together, and we were able to, I think, do some things that prob-ably might not have been done other-wise because I think we both have a spirit of working together, and it ended up in a good product. But that wouldn’t have taken place without the chairman and the ranking member. I lived in 404–B Bailey public housing in Wichita Falls, Texas. I went by on Christmas, and I just parked there for a long time and looked at the kids run-ning around playing, thinking I used to do that on that same little piece of dirt that we called a yard. I wondered about the kids who were in that unit. Will they eventually have the opportunities that I was blessed to have? Or would they suffer the fate of many others with whom I grew up? I thought in part we might be able to do some things here that will help the little boy I saw running around playing in front of the unit I once lived in with my mother, father, and three sisters. I think we have done this. These are probably the most sweeping changes in HUD regulations in a quarter of a cen-tury, perhaps ever; and what we have done is we have remodeled, or refash-ioned, or recast, or redesigned many of the programs impacting HUD. I do not disagree with Chairman HEN-
SARLING that we do have a great deal of redundancy in programs that we run with HUD and USDA. I do think at some point there is a need for us to get things molded a little bit better, but that is not going to take place I don’t think any time soon. I support H.R. 3700 because I had the opportunity to understand what these changes mean. I also need to say before I go any further that I don’t believe that compromise means capitulation. In fact, I don’t think democracy can work without comity and compromise. I think they are inseparable parts of democracy. So there are parts of this bill that I am not as thrilled with, as other parts, but that is what happens in a democracy. Again, I cherish the opportunity to work with people who are willing to move and shake and move and shake and shake and move to get something to the floor. The bill will streamline the inspec-tion and income review process for families living in section 8 units. We are making, in this legislation, some very badly needed changes to the project-based voucher program by al-lowing a public housing authority, PHA, to project-base up to 20 percent of its authorized voucher allocation, rather than 20 percent of the voucher funding that we give. And then we give PHAs more flexibility with their funds by allowing them to transfer up to 20 percent of their capital funds to the op-erating fund. Mr. Chairman, what this allows is for people who are on the ground, working with people, understanding where they need to have funds, the opportunity to move those funds around without vio-lating any of the HUD regulations. It helps our foster children by ex-panding eligibility for the Family Uni-fication Program from the current 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.030 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH454 February 2, 2016 
limit of 21 years of age to 24 years of age, and it increases the length of stay from 18 months to a maximum of 36 months. It also—and I think this is im-portant—expands the eligibility of in-dividuals who will leave foster care within 90 days. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGEBAUER ), who is the chair of the Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairman L
UETKEMEYER  and Ranking Member C
LEAVER for their work on this very important piece of legislation. I have been in the housing business probably for over 40-some-odd years. I have been involved in every aspect of it, from low-income housing, to rental housing, to new housing, to resale housing. One of the things that I have recognized over the years is what an important part housing is to the fabric of our country, how important housing is to families, and how people enter into the housing market in different ways. Certainly there are folks that go into market-based rental housing, and then there are folks that aren’t quite ready to do that. Maybe they are get-ting started or have had a difficulty in their life, so lower-income housing pro-vides an opportunity for them. I think the goal of the housing pro-grams over the years is to provide low- income housing as a stepping stone and not a permanent residence. One of the things I like about H.R. 3700 is that it encourages that process. It has been brought up in a number of these pro-grams, and over the years sometimes a good idea spreads around. We have spent a lot of time probably creating new housing programs and probably spent a lot of time increasing the fund-ing for housing programs, but in many cases maybe we didn’t stop and do the review and make sure that the pro-grams that we had put in place were ef-ficient in delivering the services that needed to be delivered and helping those families accomplish the goal of moving through the housing cycle. b1500 So one of the things that I like about this bill is that these families that have—in fact, the goal has been to in-crease their livelihood, and they have gotten better jobs and their income has increased. It is time, then, for those folks to move on. Because what we know is—and those statistics have been, I think, brought out today—we have got a number of people in the waiting line to get into some of this housing to better their lives. It is not fair that people whose incomes have far surpassed incomes that it takes to qualify to live in them should continue to do that. So affluent families must pay market rental rates or they have got to leave the public housing arena. Higher asset families must leave public housing. That is a normal cause. That is not cruel. That is just the way that these programs were designed to work. The other thing, though, is we have a responsibility not only to the families and individuals around our country, but we have a responsibility to the United States of America. One of the things that I think is important about this piece of legislation is it doesn’t really mess with mandatory spending but is, according to CBO, going to save $300 million over 5 years. What that points out—and this is done really without cutting any of the programs, but just cutting some effi-ciencies in those programs to make sure that those programs are being ad-ministered appropriately—is, if there are some regulatory things that are keeping people from operating some of these public housing facilities in a way that maximizes the benefit, then we give them some flexibility to do that by reducing some duplicative regu-latory processes and, more impor-tantly, empowering the local entities and the local operators of this public housing to be more innovative and cre-ative. As I have had an opportunity to visit some of our public housing facilities in my district, the 19th Congressional District, and sit down with a lot of those administrators, what they tell me is: R
ANDY , if we could have more flexibility, we know how to deliver this service much more efficiently than we have today. But in many cases, the Federal regulation is inhibiting their ability to be able to implement some of those things. I want to commend the two gentle-men from Missouri for their out-standing work. Yes, we could probably do more, but the good thing is we got started. I think we are off to a good start, so I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 3700. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ), the ranking member of the Monetary Policy and Trade Sub-committee of the Committee on Finan-cial Services. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I thank Ranking Member W
ATERS for yielding. I rise in support of H.R. 3700, as amended by Ranking Member W
ATERS . This is what you call regular order, folks. This bill came out of committee with a significant flaw that would have had a very negative impact on families and children and the ability of low-in-come people to deduct childcare ex-penses. If it were not fixed, it would have effectively raised rent on thou-sands of low-income families with chil-dren. I just want to commend my col-leagues, Ms. W
ATERS and Mr. C
LEAVER —Ms. W ATERS in particular— for really catching this flaw. But I also want to commend the Republicans who, instead of just taking their posi-tion as being in the majority and say-ing ‘‘we don’t have to listen to you,’’ continued to engage with us to fix this. Literally, the math did not work out. I can tell you as once a single parent and as a grandmother, I know about the budget-busting cost of child care. I also know how central housing policy and access to child care is critical to positive social outcomes for children. So often we demand that poor people, and especially women, pull themselves up by their bootstraps. We have pro-grams that are designed to help them. But then what we do is we put program features in place that really cancel out the benefits of these programs. But this bill, H.R. 3700, as amended by the ranking member, eliminates the unintended consequences for poor peo-ple who are raising children. Ranking Member WATERS and subcommittee Ranking Member C
LEAVER have both been powerful advocates for affordable housing on the Financial Services Committee. I am so pleased to join them in fighting for these changes. H.R. 3700 is supported by the Na-tional Association of Realtors, the Na-tional Alliance to End Homelessness, and the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, among the over two dozen groups supporting it. I urge adoption of the legislation, as amended by Ms. W
ATERS . Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ), the vice chairman of the Financial Institu-tions and Consumer Credit Sub-committee. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. About 5 years ago, I was in Roswell, New Mexico, at a meeting with veteran constituents. We were talking about policies and things like that. After about an hour, suddenly one gentleman overlooked in the whole group blurted out, ‘‘I am living in a rat hole.’’ It just caught us all by surprise. We disman-tled the discussion there, and we went immediately to look at his house. Over the next 2 years, that community gath-ered money and businesses came to-gether. They tore down the man’s house and rebuilt it. The problem is that not everyone out there can get access to communities and local businesses to help them through the problems, so we have the housing programs which are set up. Un-fortunately, they are mired in bureau-cratic red tape. We soak up the dollars that should be helping people with ad-ministrative burdens that make no sense, with duplicative requirements to go through the processes. I commend both sides of the aisle, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER and Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, for pushing this reform because it will allow us to di-rect the money to where it should be going. Many times we think that we dis-agree with each other about policies. The truth is there is not significant disagreement that we should be helping those at the lowest income levels to raise themselves up. It is through their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.031 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H455 February 2, 2016 
progression towards prosperity and to-wards just making ends meet that we get rid of some of the deepest problems in our social cost of the government. It is not that we disagree; it is that some-times we get trapped and that that pro-gram doesn’t work very well so we want to cut funds. I really think that this is a very im-portant step today where we are trying to modernize the systems that are de-livering help to those that need it the most in the belief that the human spir-it will actually take those steps to make their own way out once we help them stabilize. Again, just thanks for the work on both sides of the aisle. I urge support of H.R. 3700. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
E-
WELL ), a member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I rise today in support of H.R. 3700, the Housing Opportunity Through Modernization Act, as amended by Ranking Member W
ATERS . While not a perfect bill, H.R. 3700 has been made considerably better by the amendment offered by Ranking Mem-ber W
ATERS . There are other amend-ments that I would love to see, includ-ing my own, but I must tell you that this bill does represent true bipartisan-ship. It is a major bipartisan step to-wards helping preserve our scarce hous-ing resources while expanding housing opportunities and homeownership op-portunities. More specifically, this legislation makes critical changes that would help improve and expand the Section 502 Guaranteed Rural Housing Loan Pro-gram. This program helps provide low- and moderate-income households with homeownership opportunities in rural areas, like the Seventh Congressional District of Alabama, which I am so proud to represent. The sad reality is that too often, rural America faces severe barriers and obstacles to obtaining quality and af-fordable housing. This is largely due to the limited access to affordable mort-gage credit. The Section 502 Guaranteed Rural Housing Loan Program is designed to target rural residents who have a steady low or moderate income yet are unable to obtain adequate housing through conventional financing. Essen-tially, this program encourages private lenders to extend credit to responsible and creditworthy borrowers in rural America. H.R. 3700 would help the Department of Agriculture improve and expand the Section 502 Guaranteed Rural Housing Loan Program by delegating loan ap-proval authority to certain partici-pating lenders. This is similar to the authority that the Secretary of the De-partment of Housing and Urban Devel-opment currently has for Federal Hous-ing Administration’s programs, and this legislative proposal was included in the President’s FY 2016 budget. This is a commonsense and prag-matic measure that will help improve the efficiency of an important rural housing program so that it can reach even more rural families. It is criti-cally important that we continue to provide the necessary tools and incen-tives to help ensure all Americans are able to realize their dream of home-ownership. I want to commend my colleague from Missouri. I especially want to commend my colleague Congressman CLEAVER for his tireless leadership on this effort. I want to thank the chair-man and ranking member for their ef-forts. I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 3700. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the distinguished gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). Mr. PITTENGER. I thank Chairman L
UETKEMEYER for his leadership on this bill, and I appreciate deeply the sup-port and leadership of Congressman C
LEAVER . Mr. Chairman, today I rise in support of H.R. 3700, the Housing Opportunity Through Modernization Act, which contains provisions that expand hous-ing opportunities while protecting American taxpayers. This bipartisan legislation provides commonsense efforts for streamlining and reducing regulatory burdens for or-ganizations working with HUD. This bill looks to correct many wrongs within our housing system while also simplifying certification processes and providing permanent au-thority for direct endorsement for ap-proved lenders to approve rural hous-ing service loans. Mr. Chairman, condominiums are often the first step on the housing lad-der for first-time homeowners. They also can be the most affordable and de-sirable option for single people, young families, and those looking to downsize. Unfortunately, current FHA regulations prevent buyers from pur-chasing condos. H.R. 3700 eases restric-tions, allowing more opportunity for homeownership. This bill reins in duplicative and overly burdensome regulations, which not only create a slower process, but also increase government workload all without affecting any changes to direct spending. Mr. Chairman, housing assistance should be solely for those who need it most of all, and this bill takes aim at ensuring this. For the first time in 80 years, this legislation provides limita-tions on public housing tenancy for over-income families. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE), a member of the Appropriations Committee and someone who has been focused on dealing with poverty. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me thank our ranking member, Congress-woman W
ATERS , for leading and also for her tremendous leadership on the Financial Services Committee as our ranking member. She has been phe-nomenal in terms of making sure that our legislation is bipartisan. Also, I re-member serving on the Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance for many, many years with Congresswoman WATERS , and she constantly worked to make sure that people had access to af-fordable, accessible, clean, and safe housing. She has not wavered on that agenda. So I thank her very much. The need for affordable housing has never been greater. That is why I am very happy to be here today to support the Housing Opportunity Through Modernization Act of 2015. This bill would make critical improvements to our Nation’s public and assisted hous-ing programs, and takes steps to en-sure that low-income communities have access to safe and affordable hous-ing. Now, let me just tell you, in my dis-trict in Oakland, California, rents have risen faster than anywhere else in the Nation. In fact, if the average Oakland renter had to move tomorrow, they would be spending a staggering 70 per-cent of their income on housing—70 percent of their income. That is out-rageous. My constituents, like many constituents around the country, can’t afford this, so this is a crisis. b1515 This bill takes steps to address this issue by protecting voucher holders from losing their subsidies when fair market rents drop, which is something that recently had a major impact on my community. Thankfully, with the help of Congresswoman W
ATERS and our Secretary of HUD, we were able to navigate the agency’s redtape to find a solution so the tenants could keep their assistance and stay in their homes. I support this bill and the critical amendments offered by Congress-woman W
ATERS and Congressmen P
RICE and A DERHOLT . It is also important that we update the formula that is used to distribute funds under the Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS to reflect the changing nature of the HIV/AIDS epi-demic and to ensure those communities in greatest need receive critical HOPWA funds. This is one issue that Congresswoman W
ATERS has been working on for many, many years to make sure these funds are targeted to the people and to the communities who need it the most. The bill allows for homeownership for those whose American Dream of such has been shattered. Thank good-ness, in this bill, we now have provi-sions that will allow that dream to be fulfilled. I thank Congressman C
LEAVER as well as our majority and minority members for this bill. From just a very parochial point of view, in my district, I have to say how badly needed this bill is, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.032 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH456 February 2, 2016 
gentrification is a big issue. My con-stituents constantly ask me what the Federal Government can do, and this is a major step in that direction. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR). Mr. BARR. I thank the chairman. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong sup-port of H.R. 3700, which is a modest but important first step to improving Fed-eral housing policy through several commonsense reforms. For the first time in HUD’s 50-year history, there will now be a flexible formula directing over-income families to pay greater shares of their sub-sidized rents or to move out of public housing. Incomes and assets will be re-evaluated to target assistance to those who are truly in need. There are wait lists across the coun-try for scarce public housing resources and Section 8 vouchers. I have listened to homeless advocates and to my con-stituents at the Lexington Housing Au-thority in Kentucky about the waiting lists that exist in my own district. A 2015 HUD audit found that 25,000 fami-lies had incomes too high to qualify for assistance; yet the families remained in taxpayer subsidized housing. Some of those families actually derived in-come from renting other residential properties that they, themselves, owned. One family highlighted in the report had a combined income of $498,000. Policy failures such as these not only waste taxpayer dollars, but, more im-portantly, they hurt those in need who might otherwise have roofs over their heads. I hope this bipartisan initiative is a down payment on the further re-form of Federal housing programs. Several of my colleagues and I are developing an empowerment agenda to holistically reform Federal assistance programs from housing to nutrition to workforce development. We start with the recognition that the Federal Gov-ernment now runs more than 80 dif-ferent antipoverty programs at an an-nual cost of nearly $1 trillion; yet, after 50 years of this strategy, the pov-erty rate has barely budged from where it was in 1965. The goal is to assist Americans to achieve their God-given potential and to restore the American Dream to where the condition of one’s birth does not determine the outcome of one’s life. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and with members of this sub-committee in leveraging the empower-ment agenda to craft additional re-forms to Federal housing policies, which will improve outcomes by recog-nizing that poor Americans are not li-abilities to be managed by some re-mote bureaucracy in Washington but who are untapped assets who can achieve the American Dream. I congratulate Chairman L
UETKE -
MEYER and Ranking Member C LEAVER  for their work on this bill. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 3700, and I invite my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join in ad-ditional efforts to reform HUD and to more effectively combat poverty. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ). Mr. D
ESAULNIER. I thank the gen-tlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, with this bill, we have an opportunity to address an inequity with how the Department of Housing and Urban Development treats con-dominiums, particularly in senior com-munities. Across the country and in my district in the Bay Area, condo communities have been missing out on access to mortgages due to an unnecessarily re-strictive rule. The rule’s intent is good, but, in practice, it unduly harms sen-iors, families, and communities. One community in my district in the East Bay of the Bay Area, Rossmoor, is home to thousands of seniors, many of whom need access to HUD-backed mortgages to enhance their financial security. I am pleased that this bill is a step in the right direction to allow these residents and residents in other condo communities around the country to benefit from the same mortgage rules that are available to other home-owners. I appreciate the hard work done by the chairman and ranking member of the subcommittee on this important issue, and I look forward to working with them to continue to protect these deserving communities. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ), one of our young and up- and-coming members of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. ROTHFUS. I thank the chair-man. Mr. Chairman, for decades, the Fed-eral Government has spent over $1.6 trillion in an attempt to accomplish the laudable goal of ensuring that all Americans have access to affordable, decent housing. I have visited many affordable hous-ing sites during my time in Congress to listen to the concerns of residents, managers, and community leaders. In fact, just 2 weeks ago, I visited a public housing facility that is managed by the Housing Authority of Beaver County. These meetings and visits have under-scored the importance of our housing assistance programs. If administered correctly, these efforts can be truly transformative for hardworking Ameri-cans. I have met many Pennsylvanians who have improved their lives and who have brightened their families’ futures thanks, in part, to targeted Federal housing assistance provided to them in their time of need. However, there are also cases in which outdated rules, waste, fraud, abuse, and general inefficiency have made it difficult to direct resources to those who need them the most. There are also instances in which housing as-sistance programs have failed to help people lift themselves out of poverty. Members of both parties recognize this reality and have worked together to identify areas for improvement. H.R. 3700, the Housing Opportunity Through Modernization Act, is a bipartisan, commonsense bill that addresses many of these issues. Among other things, this legislation makes it easier for tenants, owners, and investors to navigate rental assist-ance programs by reducing duplicative and inefficient regulations that make it harder to rent or to operate afford-able housing. The Housing Opportunity Through Modernization Act also incor-porates safeguards to prevent well-off families from using scarce public hous-ing units. We can all agree that hous-ing assistance programs should be re-served for those who need help the most. This legislation also provides flexibility to public housing agencies in using Federal funds to meet local needs more effectively. I am a proud cosponsor of this legis-lation, and I encourage my colleagues to support this bipartisan effort to im-prove Federal housing assistance. We owe it to the many Americans who rely on these programs to enact this legisla-tion’s reforms. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill contains several provisions which I wholeheartedly support and would like to see passed into law. For example, this bill includes a few provisions that were taken straight from bills that I have authored, includ-ing the text of my Project-Based Voucher Improvement Act of 2015, which would increase the flexibility for public housing authorities to develop new units of housing to serve vulner-able populations, including those who are homeless in this country. It would also help to create housing opportuni-ties in areas where vouchers are dif-ficult to use. I introduced the Project-Based Voucher Improvement Act to address the severe lack of affordable housing, which is contributing to the epidemic of homelessness across the country. The Section 8 project-based voucher program is a valuable tool to help pre-serve and create more affordable hous-ing, especially for the poorest and most vulnerable populations. Essentially, it helps housing providers leverage out-side financing in order to create and maintain affordable housing in their communities. My bill would help us maximize the effectiveness of this critical program by facilitating the ability of PHAs to enter into agreements with private and nonprofit owners and to partner with social service agencies to provide sup-portive housing. This will, ultimately, help provide stable housing for our most vulnerable populations. Gaining access to affordable housing is becoming harder and harder for far too many families. We are in the midst 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.034 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H457 February 2, 2016 
of a homeless crisis in my district and in many districts around the country, and we need more affordable housing to help get vulnerable populations off the streets. By making this Section 8 project-based voucher program easier to use, we could help to overcome this challenge. I hope that the information that has been shared by some of my colleagues has not been lost. I certainly hope that we all heard what Congresswoman B
AR-
BARA LEEsaid about residents who are paying 70 percent of their income for housing, and it has become common-place around this country for our citi-zens to be paying 50 percent of their in-come for housing. This is totally unac-ceptable. I am very pleased that we are focus-ing on housing. I am very pleased as there are certain aspects of this bill that, I think, will be very beneficial to our residents and to our constituents throughout the country. I am hopeful that we will continue on this track and that this won’t be the last housing ef-fort that we make that comes out of the Financial Services Committee. I am very pleased to be a part of it. I am proud of all of the work that has gone into this legislation. I am very pleased that we were able to work out any differences that we may have had. I am very proud of Mr. C
LEAVER and of Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , as they are two gen-tlemen from Missouri, for getting to-gether to do this bill. It might have helped a little bit that I am from Mis-souri also. I think this bill is some-thing we can all be proud of. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ), one of our junior members of the com-mittee but one of the senior Members with life experience who can bring a lot of good discussion to this debate we are having this afternoon. Mr. WILLIAMS. I thank the chair-man. Mr. Chairman, I am proud to rise in support of H.R. 3700, the Housing Op-portunity Through Modernization Act of 2015. Introduced by my good friend Chair-man L
UETKEMEYER and my friend Con-gressman C
LEAVER , this bipartisan piece of legislation is the first step in many to help reform and modernize our outdated Federal housing system. Mr. Chairman, for too long, govern-ment red tape has made many of these housing programs inefficient and inef-fective, hurting the very people they aim to support. If signed into law, H.R. 3700 would seek to change that, all the while saving taxpayer-invested money. First, as mentioned, the CBO projects this bill to be a cost saver. With the Federal deficit reaching almost $19 trillion, the savings in discretionary spending are a direct result of allowing local housing officials and agencies to better manage their programs. Like most Federal programs, inefficient reg-ulations exist that often balloon over-all costs. Additionally, as previously men-tioned, for the first time in 80 years of public housing policy, this legislation restricts the use of already scarce pub-lic housing units to those who actually need them by establishing an earnings cap. Eliminating Federal subsidies for over-income families has always been key to this discussion. While most wait lists for public housing stretch into the tens of thousands, families who should not receive subsidies, in fact, often do. Plain and simple, public housing should be reserved for those who are most in need. Finally, H.R. 3700 ensures that our veterans have fair access to HUD hous-ing and homeless assistance programs. With nearly 50,000 homeless vets na-tionwide, we can and need to do more in this area. Mr. Chairman, as a member of the House Committee on Financial Serv-ices and of the House Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, I thank Chair-man LUETKEMEYER for his leadership on this issue over the last year, as ad-dressing housing reform is something that is not without controversy. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have no further requests for time and am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. b1530 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to close by again thank-ing my colleagues, Mr. C
LEAVER and Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , for their leadership in putting together a bipartisan afford-able housing bill that addresses so many complicated issues in a respon-sible way and brings together so many different stakeholders in support of this bill. There is a very long list of organiza-tions that support this bill that in-cludes tenant advocacy groups, public housing authority industry groups, real estate industry groups, rural housing groups, as well as community develop-ment organizations. To name just a few, the supporters of this bill include the National Low In-come Housing Coalition, the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, the Na-tional Housing Trust, CSH, the Council of Large Public Housing Authorities, the National Association of Realtors, the Local Initiatives Support Corpora-tion, Enterprise Community Partners, and many more. The enthusiastic support from such a broad and diverse coalition of organiza-tions is indicative of the hard-fought compromises that are included in this bill. In fact, I do not know of a single organization that is opposing this bill. H.R. 3700 is made up of commonsense reforms that will make much-needed improvements to our housing programs to make them work better for both public housing agencies and the ten-ants they serve. If this bill is enacted into law, it will make the first major reforms to HUD’s primary rental assistance programs since 1998, and that is an achievement that we can all be proud of. So there is a lot at stake here. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, can you tell me how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR (Mr. MARCHANT ). The gentleman from Missouri has 7
1⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chair, I apologize to the ranking member. I do have one additional speaker. If the gen-tlewoman is out of time, I am more than willing to allow the gentlewoman to have some of our time to be able to rebut in case there is something that is an issue. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from California has 5
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. G
UINTA ). Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I am proud to speak in support of H.R. 3700, the Housing Opportunity Through Modernization Act, sponsored by Rep-resentatives L
UETKEMEYER and C
LEAVER . This extremely bipartisan bill makes a number of critical reforms to our Federal housing programs. These pro-grams will streamline processes and create much-needed efficiencies for government and, most importantly, our consumers. I am happy to see the bill moving so quickly because it will solve a number of problems low-income Americans continue to face in acquiring safe and affordable housing. This legislation would make com-monsense changes to the Department of Housing and Urban Development in order to lighten administrative bur-dens for housing agencies and owners to assist low-income individuals and families to live in greater dignity. It is very encouraging to see the bi-partisan work that has been done on this bill. I commend both Chairman L
UETKEMEYER and Ranking Member C
LEAVER of the Housing and Insurance Subcommittee. I thank Chairman L
UETKEMEYER for allowing me to speak on this bill. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 3700. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I will just take these last few min-utes that I have to say to those people who live in public housing that this is an important support effort of govern-ment to provide public housing for those who cannot afford market-rate housing. I have represented over the years many public housing projects in Cali-fornia. While I do not represent them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.035 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH458 February 2, 2016 
all anymore, I still pay attention to public housing because I understand and know how very important it is to the lives of families and to the children who depend on having safe housing and affordable housing for them. I would simply like to say that often-times people who live in public housing have been demonized. There are folks who think, oh, they could do better if they wanted to. There are people who say that they don’t want to remove themselves from public housing. I would like to have people know that many of the folks that I have known who live in public housing work every day for minimum wages. Many of them are trying very hard to be inde-pendent. Many of them would like to have job training. Many of them would like to have more support for childcare efforts. Many of them are working to get their GEDs. Many of them have re-turned to school. For the people who live in public housing, they don’t need to feel that somehow they are getting something they don’t deserve. I am proud of this government, and I am proud of this country that will pro-vide a safety net for the least of these and safe public housing to those who cannot afford market-rate housing. I want our Congress to continue to see how we can do a better job even of providing safe and secure housing for those who cannot afford it. I want us to be able to provide addi-tional support to those who live in pub-lic housing, for those who are saying to us: Help me with job training. Help me to ensure that my children can get the kind of support living in public housing that will give them access to a good education. Help us to have better health care so we can be better able to go out and take jobs to support our families. Help us to aspire to move up-ward and out, even. Help us to under-stand what is available to us out there. When we seek out help for our prob-lems, don’t look at us as if we are peo-ple who are not investing in ourselves, who are not relying on our own abili-ties. Simply see us as Americans who would like to do better. See us as Americans who unfortunately find our-selves in situations where we can’t do better for now, but we are looking for the opportunity to do better and to have more and to enjoy everything that this country has to offer. So as we support this legislation today—and I support it—I am opti-mistic about the fact that this is going to make a lot of lives better, but I am also optimistic that this is really a be-ginning for how we can begin to not only give support, but involve tenants in how they can help to make decisions about the units that they are living in and how they can serve on the boards that oversee them, how they can be a part of government, helping us to un-derstand how we can do a better job with the authority that they have given us. So I am very proud. I am very pleased. I thank Mr. C
LEAVER and Mr. LUETKEMEYER . I thank Mr. C LEAVER for telling his story about public housing. I want him to know that there are any number of Members in the Congress of the United States who have lived in public housing or their families, such as my family has lived in public hous-ing. I want him to know I have watched public housing that has been very help-ful. I have watched public housing that has provided safe, decent, and secure opportunities for the people who live there. But I have also watched public housing when it didn’t work. The Pruitt-Igoe in St. Louis, Mis-souri, was an example of what didn’t work. I was in that city when it was torn down. The space that it occupied is still vacant in that city. It should be a space where we had additional public housing that would support the fami-lies who so desperately need it. So I don’t take this bill lightly. I don’t think about this as just another piece of legislation that we happen to get passed here in Congress, even with bipartisan support. I think of this as an important step and a statement, a statement that says both sides of the aisle understand hous-ing, both sides of the aisle would like to continue to do the best job that they can do to provide safe and secure hous-ing, and that we are not going to stand by and watch homelessness continue to grow. It was mentioned several times throughout this debate—maybe here today and when we were in com-mittee—that, in Los Angeles County, homelessness has increased by 20 per-cent. People are sleeping on the side-walks all the way up to city hall. We cannot abide that. We cannot stand by and watch that happen. While I am pointing to Los Angeles County, there are many areas all across this Nation where homelessness is shameful and unconscionable. I am very pleased and proud that we are sending a signal here today that we won’t stand for it. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I want to close with a few remarks here. It won’t take very long. I think you can see that this is a very important and, also, very emotional issue for many, many people and it is extremely important for those folks who are in and around and utilize pub-lic housing. In putting this bill together, we tried to listen to all the different parties as well as both sides of the aisle and ad-dress all the concerns that everybody had. We have a few amendments to go here, but I think we are going to work through those pretty quickly. I think you can see from the support that we have seen on both sides of the aisle today, from the discussions we have had that we have come to an agreement on what is in the provisions of this bill. You have here a whole list of 30 dif-ferent letters of support from different groups from around the country that represent all the different groups, from leased housing to housing authorities, to investment individuals, to Realtors, to you name it. We have yet to receive a single letter against this proposal. So I think you can see that we managed to find the right balance with the bill, to find the middle ground where we can all agree that we can accept the provisions that we have. In the bill, we have done things with flexibility that people within the dif-ferent housing authorities have asked for who manage these things to be able to do things more efficiently, more ef-fectively. We got rid of duplicative rules. We built the condos up so they could now be part of the program. We have cut the costs not by cutting programs, but by cutting out the waste and the dupli-cative rules and have given flexibility to those groups that need it to be able to do the job. Is this an end-all, be-all? No. We have a lot more to do. We recognize that. This is a good first step. We believe that we need to be empowering people and enabling people to be able to do better and help themselves. We believe that, when it comes to housing, it is not just a place to live, but people need to have a place to have a life. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Chair, I have a question for the bill’s managers regarding the project- based voucher provisions. The bill generally limits a public housing agency’s use of vouch-er funds for project-based vouchers to 20 per-cent of the authorized voucher units for the agency, but contains an exception among oth-ers providing that units of project-based assist-ance that are attached to units previously re-ceiving another type of long-term subsidy pro-vided by HUD will not count against this limita-tion. We have an exciting initiative in Boston that would replace our 75-year-old Charlestown public housing development with a substan-tially larger, new construction mixed-income community on the same site. The public hous-ing units are to be fully replaced with project- based vouchers. This will require a large com-mitment of project-based vouchers by the Bos-ton Housing Authority, which would reduce the BHA’s flexibility to commit project-based vouchers elsewhere as needed if the Charles-town commitment is not covered by the excep-tion. Is it the intention of the bill’s managers that the commitment of project-based vouch-ers to replace the former public housing units in a newly constructed development such as this would fall within the bill’s exception for units attached to units previously receiving an-other type of long-term HUD subsidy? Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chair, Congress-man C
APUANO has asked whether it is the in-tention of the bill’s managers that the commit-ment of project-based vouchers to replace the former public housing units in a newly con-structed development such as one he de-scribed in Boston would fall within the bill’s ex-ception for units attached to units previously 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.036 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H459 February 2, 2016 
receiving another type of long-term HUD sub-sidy. The answer is yes. It is the managers’ in-tention that the replacement units for the cur-rent public housing units would be covered by the bill’s exception for units previously receiv-ing long-term HUD assistance, and thus that commitment of project-based vouchers to such units would not count against the 20 percent limitation. The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-eral debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Financial Services, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5- minute rule an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee print 114–42. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 3700 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE AND TABLE OF CON-TENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Housing Opportunity Through Moderniza-tion Act of 2015’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title and table of contents. TITLE I—SECTION 8 RENTAL ASSISTANCE AND PUBLIC HOUSING Sec. 101. Inspection of dwelling units. Sec. 102. Income reviews. Sec. 103. Limitation on public housing tenancy for over-income families. Sec. 104. Limitation on eligibility for assistance based on assets. Sec. 105. Units owned by public housing agen-cies. Sec. 106. PHA project-based assistance. Sec. 107. Establishment of fair market rent. Sec. 108. Collection of utility data. Sec. 109. Public housing Capital and Operating Funds. Sec. 110. Family unification program for chil-dren aging out of foster care. TITLE II—RURAL HOUSING Sec. 201. Delegation of guaranteed rural hous-ing loan approval. TITLE III—FHA MORTGAGE INSURANCE FOR CONDOMINIUMS Sec. 301. Modification of FHA requirements for mortgage insurance for condomin-iums. TITLE IV—HOUSING REFORMS FOR THE HOMELESS AND FOR VETERANS Sec. 401. Definition of geographic area for Con-tinuum of Care Program. Sec. 402. Inclusion of public housing agencies and local redevelopment authori-ties in emergency solutions grants. Sec. 403. Special assistant for Veterans Affairs in the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Sec. 404. Annual supplemental report on vet-erans homelessness. TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS Sec. 501. Inclusion of Disaster Housing Assist-ance Program in certain fraud and abuse prevention measures. Sec. 502. Energy efficiency requirements under Self-Help Homeownership Oppor-tunity program. Sec. 503. Data exchange standardization for im-proved interoperability. TITLE I—SECTION 8 RENTAL ASSISTANCE AND PUBLIC HOUSING SEC. 101. INSPECTION OF DWELLING UNITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8(o)(8) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(8)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(A) I
NITIAL INSPECTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For each dwelling unit for which a housing assistance payment contract is established under this subsection, the public housing agency (or other entity pursuant to paragraph (11)) shall inspect the unit before any assistance payment is made to determine whether the dwelling unit meets the housing quality standards under subparagraph (B), ex-cept as provided in clause (ii) or (iii) of this sub-paragraph. ‘‘(ii) C
ORRECTION OF NON -LIFE-THREATENING  
CONDITIONS .—In the case of any dwelling unit that is determined, pursuant to an inspection under clause (i), not to meet the housing quality standards under subparagraph (B), assistance payments may be made for the unit notwith-standing subparagraph (C) if failure to meet such standards is a result only of non-life- threatening conditions, as such conditions are established by the Secretary. A public housing agency making assistance payments pursuant to this clause for a dwelling unit shall, 30 days after the beginning of the period for which such payments are made, withhold any assistance payments for the unit if any deficiency resulting in noncompliance with the housing quality standards has not been corrected by such time. The public housing agency shall recommence as-sistance payments when such deficiency has been corrected, and may use any payments withheld to make assistance payments relating to the period during which payments were with-held. ‘‘(iii) U
SE OF ALTERNATIVE INSPECTION METH -
OD FOR INTERIM PERIOD .—In the case of any property that within the previous 24 months has met the requirements of an inspection that qualifies as an alternative inspection method pursuant to subparagraph (E), a public housing agency may authorize occupancy before the in-spection under clause (i) has been completed, and may make assistance payments retroactive to the beginning of the lease term after the unit has been determined pursuant to an inspection under clause (i) to meet the housing quality standards under subparagraph (B). This clause may not be construed to exempt any dwelling unit from compliance with the requirements of subparagraph (D).’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (G) as sub-paragraph (H); and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) E
NFORCEMENT OF HOUSING QUALITY  
STANDARDS .— ‘‘(i) D
ETERMINATION OF NONCOMPLIANCE .—A dwelling unit that is covered by a housing as-sistance payments contract under this sub-section shall be considered, for purposes of sub-paragraphs (D) and (F), to be in noncompliance with the housing quality standards under sub-paragraph (B) if— ‘‘(I) the public housing agency or an inspector authorized by the State or unit of local govern-ment determines upon inspection of the unit that the unit fails to comply with such stand-ards; ‘‘(II) the agency or inspector notifies the owner of the unit in writing of such failure to comply; and ‘‘(III) the failure to comply is not corrected— ‘‘(aa) in the case of any such failure that is a result of life-threatening conditions, within 24 hours after such notice has been provided; and ‘‘(bb) in the case of any such failure that is a result of non-life-threatening conditions, within 30 days after such notice has been provided or such other reasonable longer period as the pub-lic housing agency may establish. ‘‘(ii) WITHHOLDING OF ASSISTANCE AMOUNTS  
DURING CORRECTION .—The public housing agen-cy may withhold assistance amounts under this subsection with respect to a dwelling unit for which a notice pursuant to clause (i)(II), of fail-ure to comply with housing quality standards under subparagraph (B) as determined pursuant to an inspection conducted under subparagraph (D) or (F), has been provided. If the unit is brought into compliance with such housing quality standards during the periods referred to in clause (i)(III), the public housing agency shall recommence assistance payments and may use any amounts withheld during the correction period to make assistance payments relating to the period during which payments were with-held. ‘‘(iii) A
BATEMENT OF ASSISTANCE AMOUNTS .— The public housing agency shall abate all of the assistance amounts under this subsection with respect to a dwelling unit that is determined, pursuant to clause (i) of this subparagraph, to be in noncompliance with housing quality standards under subparagraph (B). Upon com-pletion of repairs by the public housing agency or the owner sufficient so that the dwelling unit complies with such housing quality standards, the agency shall recommence payments under the housing assistance payments contract to the owner of the dwelling unit. ‘‘(iv) N
OTIFICATION .—If a public housing agency providing assistance under this sub-section abates rental assistance payments pur-suant to clause (iii) with respect to a dwelling unit, the agency shall, upon commencement of such abatement— ‘‘(I) notify the tenant and the owner of the dwelling unit that— ‘‘(aa) such abatement has commenced; and ‘‘(bb) if the dwelling unit is not brought into compliance with housing quality standards within 60 days after the effective date of the de-termination of noncompliance under clause (i) or such reasonable longer period as the agency may establish, the tenant will have to move; and ‘‘(II) issue the tenant the necessary forms to allow the tenant to move to another dwelling unit and transfer the rental assistance to that unit. ‘‘(v) P
ROTECTION OF TENANTS .—An owner of a dwelling unit may not terminate the tenancy of any tenant because of the withholding or abate-ment of assistance pursuant to this subpara-graph. During the period that assistance is abated pursuant to this subparagraph, the ten-ant may terminate the tenancy by notifying the owner. ‘‘(vi) T
ERMINATION OF LEASE OR ASSISTANCE  
PAYMENTS CONTRACT .—If assistance amounts under this section for a dwelling unit are abated pursuant to clause (iii) and the owner does not correct the noncompliance within 60 days after the effective date of the determination of non-compliance under clause (i), or such other rea-sonable longer period as the public housing agency may establish, the agency shall termi-nate the housing assistance payments contract for the dwelling unit. ‘‘(vii) R
ELOCATION .— ‘‘(I) L
EASE OF NEW UNIT .—The agency shall provide the family residing in such a dwelling unit a period of 90 days or such longer period as the public housing agency determines is reason-ably necessary to lease a new unit, beginning upon termination of the contract, to lease a new residence with tenant-based rental assistance under this section. ‘‘(II) A
VAILABILITY OF PUBLIC HOUSING  
UNITS .—If the family is unable to lease such a new residence during such period, the public housing agency shall, at the option of the fam-ily, provide such family a preference for occu-pancy in a dwelling unit of public housing that is owned or operated by the agency that first be-comes available for occupancy after the expira-tion of such period. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.017 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH460 February 2, 2016 
‘‘(III) A SSISTANCE IN FINDING UNIT .—The pub- lic housing agency may provide assistance to the family in finding a new residence, including use of up to two months of any assistance amounts withheld or abated pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii), respectively, for costs directly associ-ated with relocation of the family to a new resi-dence, which shall include security deposits as necessary and may include reimbursements for reasonable moving expenses incurred by the household, as established by the Secretary. The agency may require that a family receiving as-sistance for a security deposit shall remit, to the extent of such assistance, the amount of any se-curity deposit refunds made by the owner of the dwelling unit for which the lease was termi-nated. ‘‘(viii) T
ENANT -CAUSED DAMAGES .—If a public housing agency determines that any damage to a dwelling unit that results in a failure of the dwelling unit to comply with housing quality standards under subparagraph (B), other than any damage resulting from ordinary use, was caused by the tenant, any member of the ten-ant’s household, or any guest or other person under the tenant’s control, the agency may waive the applicability of this subparagraph, except that this clause shall not exonerate a tenant from any liability otherwise existing under applicable law for damages to the prem-ises caused by such tenant. ‘‘(ix) A
PPLICABILITY .—This subparagraph shall apply to any dwelling unit for which a housing assistance payments contract is entered into or renewed after the date of the effective-ness of the regulations implementing this sub-paragraph.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development shall issue notice or regulations to implement subsection (a) of this section and such subsection shall take effect upon such issuance. 
SEC. 102. INCOME REVIEWS. 
(a) I NCOME REVIEWS FOR PUBLIC HOUSING AND  S
ECTION 8 PROGRAMS .—Section 3 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the second sentence of paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘at least annually’’ and inserting ‘‘pursuant to paragraph (6)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(6) R
EVIEWS OF FAMILY INCOME .— ‘‘(A) F
REQUENCY .—Reviews of family income for purposes of this section shall be made— ‘‘(i) in the case of all families, upon the initial provision of housing assistance for the family; ‘‘(ii) annually thereafter, except as provided in paragraph (1) with respect to fixed-income families; ‘‘(iii) upon the request of the family, at any time the income or deductions (under subsection (b)(5)) of the family change by an amount that is estimated to result in a decrease of 10 percent (or such lower amount as the Secretary may, by notice, establish, or permit the public housing agency or owner to establish) or more in annual adjusted income; and ‘‘(iv) at any time the income or deductions (under subsection (b)(5)) of the family change by an amount that is estimated to result in an increase of 10 percent or more in annual ad-justed income, or such other amount as the Sec-retary may by notice establish, except that any increase in the earned income of a family shall not be considered for purposes of this clause (ex-cept that earned income may be considered if the increase corresponds to previous decreases under clause (iii)), except that a public housing agency or owner may elect not to conduct such review in the last three months of a certification period. ‘‘(B) I
N GENERAL .—Reviews of family income for purposes of this section shall be subject to the provisions of section 904 of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Amendments Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 3544). ‘‘(7) CALCULATION OF INCOME .— ‘‘(A) U
SE OF CURRENT YEAR INCOME .—In de- termining family income for initial occupancy or provision of housing assistance pursuant to clause (i) of paragraph (6)(A) or pursuant to re-views pursuant to clause (iii) or (iv) of such paragraph, a public housing agency or owner shall use the income of the family as estimated by the agency or owner for the upcoming year. ‘‘(B) U
SE OF PRIOR YEAR INCOME .—In deter- mining family income for annual reviews pursu-ant to paragraph (6)(A)(ii), a public housing agency or owner shall, except as otherwise pro-vided in this paragraph and paragraph (1), use the income of the family as determined by the agency or owner for the preceding year, taking into consideration any redetermination of in-come during such prior year pursuant to clause (iii) or (iv) of paragraph (6)(A). ‘‘(C) O
THER INCOME .—In determining the in-come for any family based on the prior year’s income, with respect to prior year calculations of income not subject to subparagraph (B), a public housing agency or owner may make other adjustments as it considers appropriate to reflect current income. ‘‘(D) S
AFE HARBOR .—A public housing agency or owner may, to the extent such information is available to the public housing agency or owner, determine the family’s income prior to the application of any deductions based on timely income determinations made for purposes of other means-tested Federal public assistance programs (including the program for block grants to States for temporary assistance for needy families under part A of title IV of the So-cial Security Act, a program for Medicaid assist-ance under a State plan approved under title XIX of the Social Security Act, and the supple-mental nutrition assistance program (as such term is defined in section 3 of the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012))). The Sec-retary shall, in consultation with other appro-priate Federal agencies, develop procedures to enable public housing agencies and owners to have access to such income determinations made by other means-tested Federal programs that the Secretary determines to have comparable reli-ability. Exchanges of such information shall be subject to the same limitations and tenant pro-tections provided under section 904 of the Stew-art B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act Amendments of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 3544) with re-spect to information obtained under the require-ments of section 303(i) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 503(i)). ‘‘(E) PHA 
AND OWNER COMPLIANCE .—A public housing agency or owner may not be considered to fail to comply with this paragraph or para-graph (6) due solely to any de minimis errors made by the agency or owner in calculating family incomes.’’; (2) by striking subsections (d) and (e); and (3) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (d). (b) C
ERTIFICATION REGARDING HARDSHIP EX-
CEPTION TO MINIMUM MONTHLY RENT.—Not later than the expiration of the 6-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Devel-opment shall submit to the Congress a certifi-cation that the hardship and tenant protection provisions in clause (i) of section 3(a)(3)(B) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(a)(3)(B)(i)) are being enforced at such time and that the Secretary will continue to pro-vide due consideration to the hardship cir-cumstances of persons assisted under relevant programs of this Act. (c) I
NCOME ; ADJUSTED INCOME .—Section 3(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)) is amended by striking para-graphs (4) and (5) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(4) I
NCOME .—The term ‘income’ means, with respect to a family, income received from all sources by each member of the household who is 18 years of age or older or is the head of house-hold or spouse of the head of the household, plus unearned income by or on behalf of each dependent who is less than 18 years of age, as determined in accordance with criteria pre-scribed by the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, subject to the fol-lowing requirements: ‘‘(A) INCLUDED AMOUNTS .—Such term includes recurring gifts and receipts, actual income from assets, and profit or loss from a business. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUDED AMOUNTS .—Such term does not include— ‘‘(i) any imputed return on assets, except to the extent that net family assets exceed $50,000, except that such amount (as it may have been previously adjusted) shall be adjusted for infla-tion annually by the Secretary in accordance with an inflationary index selected by the Sec-retary; ‘‘(ii) any amounts that would be eligible for exclusion under section 1613(a)(7) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1382b(a)(7)); ‘‘(iii) deferred disability benefits from the De-partment of Veterans Affairs that are received in a lump sum amount or in prospective monthly amounts; ‘‘(iv) any expenses related to aid and attend-ance under section 1521 of title 38, United States Code, to veterans who are in need of regular aid and attendance; and ‘‘(v) exclusions from income as established by the Secretary by regulation or notice, or any amount required by Federal law to be excluded from consideration as income. ‘‘(C) E
ARNED INCOME OF STUDENTS .—Such term does not include— ‘‘(i) earned income, up to an amount as the Secretary may by regulation establish, of any dependent earned during any period that such dependent is attending school or vocational training on a full-time basis; or ‘‘(ii) any grant-in-aid or scholarship amounts related to such attendance used— ‘‘(I) for the cost of tuition or books; or ‘‘(II) in such amounts as the Secretary may allow, for the cost of room and board. ‘‘(D) E
DUCATIONAL SAVINGS ACCOUNTS .—In- come shall be determined without regard to any amounts in or from, or any benefits from, any Coverdell education savings account under sec-tion 530 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or any qualified tuition program under section 529 of such Code. ‘‘(E) R
ECORDKEEPING .—The Secretary may not require a public housing agency or owner to maintain records of any amounts excluded from income pursuant to this subparagraph. ‘‘(5) A
DJUSTED INCOME .—The term ‘adjusted income’ means, with respect to a family, the amount (as determined by the public housing agency or owner) of the income of the members of the family residing in a dwelling unit or the persons on a lease, after any deductions from income as follows: ‘‘(A) E
LDERLY AND DISABLED FAMILIES .—$525 in the case of any family that is an elderly fam-ily or a disabled family. ‘‘(B) D
EPENDENTS .—In the case of any family, $525 for each member who— ‘‘(i) is less than 18 years of age or attending school or vocational training on a full-time basis; or ‘‘(ii) is a person who is 18 years of age or older, resides in the household, and is certified as disabled and unable to work by the public housing agency of jurisdiction. ‘‘(C) C
HILD CARE .—The amount, if any, that exceeds 5 percent of annual family income that is used to pay for unreimbursed child care ex-penses, which shall include child care for pre-school-age children, for before- and after-care for children in school, and for other child care necessary to enable a member of the family to be employed or further his or her education. ‘‘(D) H
EALTH AND MEDICAL EXPENSES .—The amount, if any, by which 10 percent of annual family income is exceeded by the sum of— ‘‘(i) in the case of any elderly or disabled fam-ily, any unreimbursed health and medical care expenses; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.018 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H461 February 2, 2016 
‘‘(ii) any unreimbursed reasonable attendant care and auxiliary apparatus expenses for each handicapped member of the family, if deter-mined necessary by the public housing agency or owner to enable any member of such family to be employed. The Secretary shall, by regulation, provide hardship exemptions to the requirements of this subparagraph and subparagraph (C) for im-pacted families who demonstrate an inability to pay calculated rents because of financial hard-ship. Such regulations shall include a require-ment to notify tenants regarding any changes to the determination of adjusted income pursuant to such subparagraphs based on the determina-tion of the family’s claim of financial hardship exemptions required by the preceding sentence. Such regulations shall be promulgated in con-sultation with tenant organizations, industry participants, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, with an adequate comment pe-riod provided for interested parties. ‘‘(E) P
ERMISSIVE DEDUCTIONS .—Such addi-tional deductions as a public housing agency may, at its discretion, establish, except that the Secretary shall establish procedures to ensure that such deductions do not materially increase Federal expenditures. The Secretary shall annually calculate the amounts of the deductions under subparagraphs (A) and (B), as such amounts may have been previously calculated, by applying an infla-tionary factor as the Secretary shall, by regula-tion, establish, except that the actual deduction determined for each year shall be established by rounding such amount to the next lowest mul-tiple of $25.’’. (d) H
OUSING CHOICE VOUCHER PROGRAM .— Section 8(o) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(D), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, except that a public housing agency may establish a payment standard of not more than 120 percent of the fair market rent where necessary as a reasonable accommodation for a person with a disability, without approval of the Secretary. A public housing agency may use a payment standard that is greater than 120 percent of the fair market rent as a reasonable accommodation for a person with a disability, but only with the approval of the Secretary. In connection with the use of any increased payment standard es-tablished or approved pursuant to either of the preceding two sentences as a reasonable accom-modation for a person with a disability, the Sec-retary may not establish additional require-ments regarding the amount of adjusted income paid by such person for rent’’; and (2) in paragraph (5)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘A
NNUAL REVIEW ’’ and inserting ‘‘R EVIEWS ’’; (B) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘the provisions of’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraphs (1), (6), and (7) of section 3(a) and to’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and shall be conducted’’ and all that follows through the end of the subpara-graph and inserting a period; and (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking the sec-ond sentence. (e) E
NHANCED VOUCHER PROGRAM .—Section 8(t)(1)(D) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(t)(1)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘income’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘annual adjusted income’’. (f) P
ROJECT -BASED HOUSING .—Paragraph (3) of section 8(c) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(c)(3)) is amended by striking the last sentence. (g) I
MPACT ON PUBLIC HOUSING REVENUES .— (1) A
DJUSTMENTS TO OPERATING FORMULA .—If the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment determines that the application of sub-sections (a) through (e) of this section results in a material and disproportionate reduction in the rental income of certain public housing agencies during the first year in which such subsections are implemented, the Secretary may make ap-propriate adjustments in the formula income for such year of those agencies experiencing such a reduction. (2) HUD REPORTS ON REVENUE AND COST IM -
PACT.—In each of the first two years after the first year in which subsections (a) through (e) are implemented, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall submit a report to Congress identifying and calculating the impact of changes made by such subsections and sec-tion 104 of this Act on the revenues and costs of operating public housing units, the voucher pro-gram for rental assistance under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937, and the pro-gram under such section 8 for project-based rental assistance. If such report identifies a ma-terial reduction in the net income of public housing agencies nationwide or a material in-crease in the costs of funding the voucher pro-gram or the project-based assistance program, the Secretary shall include in such report rec-ommendations for legislative changes to reduce or eliminate such a reduction. (h) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development shall issue notice or regulations to implement this section and this section shall take effect after such issuance, ex-cept that this section may only take effect upon the commencement of a calendar year. 
SEC. 103. LIMITATION ON PUBLIC HOUSING TEN-ANCY FOR OVER-INCOME FAMILIES. 
Subsection (a) of section 16 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437n(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) L
IMITATIONS ON TENANCY FOR OVER -IN-
COME FAMILIES .— ‘‘(A) L
IMITATIONS .—Except as provided in subparagraph (D), in the case of any family re-siding in a dwelling unit of public housing whose income for the most recent two consecu-tive years, as determined pursuant to income re-views conducted pursuant to section 3(a)(6), has exceeded the applicable income limitation under subparagraph (C), the public housing agency shall— ‘‘(i) notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, charge such family as monthly rent for the unit occupied by such family an amount equal to the greater of— ‘‘(I) the applicable fair market rental estab-lished under section 8(c) for a dwelling unit in the same market area of the same size; or ‘‘(II) the amount of the monthly subsidy pro-vided under this Act for the dwelling unit, which shall include any amounts from the Oper-ating Fund and Capital Fund under section 9 used for the unit, as determined by the agency in accordance with regulations that the Sec-retary shall issue to carry out this subclause; or ‘‘(ii) terminate the tenancy of such family in public housing not later than 6 months after the income determination described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(B) N
OTICE .—In the case of any family resid-ing in a dwelling unit of public housing whose income for a year has exceeded the applicable income limitation under subparagraph (C), upon the conclusion of such year the public housing agency shall provide written notice to such fam-ily of the requirements under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) I
NCOME LIMITATION .—The income limita-tion under this subparagraph shall be 120 per-cent of the median income for the area, as deter-mined by the Secretary with adjustments for smaller and larger families, except that the Sec-retary may establish income limitations higher or lower than 120 percent of such median income on the basis of the Secretary’s findings that such variations are necessary because of pre-vailing levels of construction costs, or unusually high or low family incomes, vacancy rates, or rental costs. ‘‘(D) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to a family occupying a dwelling unit in public housing pursuant to paragraph (5) of sec-tion 3(a) (42 U.S.C. 1437a(a)(5)). ‘‘(E) REPORTS ON OVER -INCOME FAMILIES AND  
WAITING LISTS .—The Secretary shall require that each public housing agency shall— ‘‘(i) submit a report annually, in a format re-quired by the Secretary, that specifies— ‘‘(I) the number of families residing, as of the end of the year for which the report is sub-mitted, in public housing administered by the agency who had incomes exceeding the applica-ble income limitation under subparagraph (C); and ‘‘(II) the number of families, as of the end of such year, on the waiting lists for admission to public housing projects of the agency; and ‘‘(ii) make the information reported pursuant to clause (i) publicly available.’’. 
SEC. 104. LIMITATION ON ELIGIBILITY FOR AS-SISTANCE BASED ON ASSETS. 
Section 16 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437n) is amended by inserting after subsection (d) the following new sub-section: ‘‘(e) E
LIGIBILITY FOR ASSISTANCE BASED ON  A
SSETS .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION ON ASSETS .—Subject to para-graph (3) and notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, a dwelling unit assisted under this Act may not be rented and assistance under this Act may not be provided, either initially or at each recertification of family income, to any family— ‘‘(A) whose net family assets exceed $100,000, as such amount is adjusted annually by apply-ing an inflationary factor as the Secretary con-siders appropriate; or ‘‘(B) who has a present ownership interest in, a legal right to reside in, and the effective legal authority to sell, real property that is suitable for occupancy by the family as a residence, ex-cept that the prohibition under this subpara-graph shall not apply to— ‘‘(i) any property for which the family is re-ceiving assistance under subsection (y) or (o)(12) of section 8 of this Act; ‘‘(ii) any person that is a victim of domestic violence; or ‘‘(iii) any family that is offering such property for sale. ‘‘(2) N
ET FAMILY ASSETS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘net family assets’ means, for all members of the household, the net cash value of all assets after deducting reasonable costs that would be incurred in disposing of real property, savings, stocks, bonds, and other forms of capital investment. Such term does not include interests in Indian trust land, equity in property for which the family is receiving assist-ance under subsection (y) or (o)(12) of section 8, equity accounts in homeownership programs of the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, or Family Self Sufficiency accounts. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—Such term does not in-clude— ‘‘(i) the value of personal property, except for items of personal property of significant value, as the Secretary may establish or the public housing agency may determine; ‘‘(ii) the value of any retirement account; ‘‘(iii) real property for which the family does not have the effective legal authority necessary to sell such property; ‘‘(iv) any amounts recovered in any civil ac-tion or settlement based on a claim of mal-practice, negligence, or other breach of duty owed to a member of the family and arising out of law, that resulted in a member of the family being disabled; ‘‘(v) the value of any Coverdell education sav-ings account under section 530 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or any qualified tuition program under section 529 of such Code; and ‘‘(vi) such other exclusions as the Secretary may establish. ‘‘(C) T
RUST FUNDS .—In cases in which a trust fund has been established and the trust is not revocable by, or under the control of, any mem-ber of the family or household, the value of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.018 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH462 February 2, 2016 
trust fund shall not be considered an asset of a family if the fund continues to be held in trust. Any income distributed from the trust fund shall be considered income for purposes of section 3(b) and any calculations of annual family income, except in the case of medical expenses for a minor. ‘‘(3) S
ELF-CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) N
ET FAMILY ASSETS .—A public housing agency or owner may determine the net assets of a family, for purposes of this section, based on a certification by the family that the net assets of such family do not exceed $50,000, as such amount is adjusted annually by applying an in-flationary factor as the Secretary considers ap-propriate. ‘‘(B) N
O CURRENT REAL PROPERTY OWNER -
SHIP.—A public housing agency or owner may determine compliance with paragraph (1)(B) based on a certification by the family that such family does not have any current ownership in-terest in any real property at the time the agen-cy or owner reviews the family’s income. ‘‘(C) S
TANDARDIZED FORMS .—The Secretary may develop standardized forms for the certifi-cations referred to in subparagraphs (A) and (B). ‘‘(4) C
OMPLIANCE FOR PUBLIC HOUSING DWELL -
ING UNITS .—When recertifying family income with respect to families residing in public hous-ing dwelling units, a public housing agency may, in the discretion of the agency and only pursuant to a policy that is set forth in the pub-lic housing agency plan under section 5A for the agency, choose not to enforce the limitation under paragraph (1). ‘‘(5) E
NFORCEMENT .—When recertifying the income of a family residing in a dwelling unit assisted under this Act, a public housing agency or owner may choose not to enforce the limita-tion under paragraph (1) or may establish ex-ceptions to such limitation based on eligibility criteria, but only pursuant to a policy that is set forth in the public housing agency plan under section 5A for the agency or under a policy adopted by the owner. Eligibility criteria for es-tablishing exceptions may provide for separate treatment based on family type and may be based on different factors, such as age, dis-ability, income, the ability of the family to find suitable alternative housing, and whether sup-portive services are being provided. ‘‘(6) A
UTHORITY TO DELAY EVICTIONS .—In the case of a family residing in a dwelling unit as-sisted under this Act who does not comply with the limitation under paragraph (1), the public housing agency or project owner may delay eviction or termination of the family based on such noncompliance for a period of not more than 6 months.’’. 
SEC. 105. UNITS OWNED BY PUBLIC HOUSING AGENCIES. 
Paragraph (11) of section 8(o) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(11)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(11) L
EASING OF UNITS OWNED  
BY PHA .—If’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(11) L
EASING OF UNITS OWNED BY PHA .— ‘‘(A) I
NSPECTIONS AND RENT DETERMINA -
TIONS .—If’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) U
NITS OWNED BY PHA .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘owned by a public housing agency’ means, with respect to a dwell-ing unit, that the dwelling unit is in a project that is owned by such agency, by an entity wholly controlled by such agency, or by a lim-ited liability company or limited partnership in which such agency (or an entity wholly con-trolled by such agency) holds a controlling in-terest in the managing member or general part-ner. A dwelling unit shall not be deemed to be owned by a public housing agency for purposes of this subsection because the agency holds a fee interest as ground lessor in the property on which the unit is situated, holds a security in-terest under a mortgage or deed of trust on the unit, or holds a non-controlling interest in an entity which owns the unit or in the managing member or general partner of an entity which owns the unit.’’. SEC. 106. PHA PROJECT-BASED ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (13) of section 8(o) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(13)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘structure’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘project’’; (2) by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) P
ERCENTAGE LIMITATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), a pub-lic housing agency may use for project-based as-sistance under this paragraph not more than 20 percent of the authorized units for the agency. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—A public housing agency may use up to an additional 10 percent of the authorized units for the agency for project- based assistance under this paragraph, to pro-vide units that house individuals and families that meet the definition of homeless under sec-tion 103 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11302), that house fami-lies with veterans, that provide supportive hous-ing to persons with disabilities or elderly per-sons, or that are located in areas where vouch-ers under this subsection are difficult to use, as specified in subparagraph (D)(ii)(II). Any units of project-based assistance that are attached to units previously subject to federally required rent restrictions or receiving another type of long-term housing subsidy provided by the Sec-retary shall not count toward the percentage limitation under clause (i) of this subparagraph. The Secretary may, by regulation, establish ad-ditional categories for the exception under this clause.’’; (3) by striking subparagraph (D) and inserting the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) I
NCOME -MIXING REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), not more than the greater of 25 dwelling units or 25 percent of the dwelling units in any project may be assisted under a housing assistance payment contract for project- based assistance pursuant to this paragraph. For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘project’ means a single building, multiple con-tiguous buildings, or multiple buildings on con-tiguous parcels of land. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(I) C
ERTAIN FAMILIES .—The limitation under clause (i) shall not apply to dwelling units as-sisted under a contract that are exclusively made available to elderly families or to house-holds eligible for supportive services that are made available to the assisted residents of the project, according to standards for such services the Secretary may establish. ‘‘(II) C
ERTAIN AREAS .—With respect to areas in which tenant-based vouchers for assistance under this subsection are difficult to use, as de-termined by the Secretary, and with respect to census tracts with a poverty rate of 20 percent or less, clause (i) shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘40 percent’ for ‘25 percent’, and the Secretary may, by regulation, establish addi-tional conditions. ‘‘(III) C
ERTAIN CONTRACTS .—The limitation under clause (i) shall not apply with respect to contracts or renewal of contracts under which a greater percentage of the dwelling units in a project were assisted under a housing assistance payment contract for project-based assistance pursuant to this paragraph on the date of the enactment of the Housing Opportunity Through Modernization Act of 2015. ‘‘(IV) C
ERTAIN PROPERTIES .—Any units of project-based assistance under this paragraph that are attached to units previously subject to federally required rent restrictions or receiving other project-based assistance provided by the Secretary shall not count toward the percentage limitation imposed by this subparagraph (D). ‘‘(iii) A
DDITIONAL MONITORING AND OVERSIGHT  
REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary may establish additional requirements for monitoring and oversight of projects in which more than 40 per-cent of the dwelling units are assisted under a housing assistance payment contract for project- based assistance pursuant to this paragraph.’’; (4) by striking subparagraph (F) and inserting the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) CONTRACT TERM .— ‘‘(i) T
ERM.—A housing assistance payment contract pursuant to this paragraph between a public housing agency and the owner of a project may have a term of up to 20 years, sub-ject to— ‘‘(I) the availability of sufficient appropriated funds for the purpose of renewing expiring con-tracts for assistance payments, as provided in appropriation Acts and in the agency’s annual contributions contract with the Secretary, pro-vided that in the event of insufficient appro-priated funds, payments due under contracts under this paragraph shall take priority if other cost-saving measures that do not require the ter-mination of an existing contract are available to the agency; and ‘‘(II) compliance with the inspection require-ments under paragraph (8), except that the agency shall not be required to make biennial inspections of each assisted unit in the develop-ment. ‘‘(ii) A
DDITION OF ELIGIBLE UNITS .—Subject to the limitations of subparagraphs (B) and (D), the agency and the owner may add eligible units within the same project to a housing assistance payments contract at any time during the term thereof without being subject to any additional competitive selection procedures. ‘‘(iii) H
OUSING UNDER CONSTRUCTION OR RE -
CENTLY CONSTRUCTED .—An agency may enter into a housing assistance payments contract with an owner for any unit that does not qual-ify as existing housing and is under construc-tion or recently has been constructed whether or not the agency has executed an agreement to enter into a contract with the owner, provided that the owner demonstrates compliance with applicable requirements prior to execution of the housing assistance payments contract. This clause shall not subject a housing assistance payments contract for existing housing under this paragraph to such requirements or other-wise limit the extent to which a unit may be as-sisted as existing housing. ‘‘(iv) A
DDITIONAL CONDITIONS .—The contract may specify additional conditions, including with respect to continuation, termination, or ex-piration, and shall specify that upon termi-nation or expiration of the contract without ex-tension, each assisted family may elect to use its assistance under this subsection to remain in the same project if its unit complies with the in-spection requirements under paragraph (8), the rent for the unit is reasonable as required by paragraph (10)(A), and the family pays its re-quired share of the rent and the amount, if any, by which the unit rent (including the amount allowed for tenant-based utilities) exceeds the applicable payment standard.’’; (5) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘15 years’’ and inserting ‘‘20 years’’; (6) by striking subparagraph (I) and inserting the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I) R
ENT ADJUSTMENTS .—A housing assist-ance payments contract pursuant to this para-graph entered into after the date of the enact-ment of the Housing Opportunity Through Mod-ernization Act of 2015 shall provide for annual rent adjustments upon the request of the owner, except that— ‘‘(i) by agreement of the parties, a contract may allow a public housing agency to adjust the rent for covered units using an operating cost adjustment factor established by the Secretary pursuant to section 524(c) of the Multifamily As-sisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 (which shall not result in a negative ad-justment), in which case the contract may re-quire an additional adjustment, if requested, up to the reasonable rent periodically during the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.018 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H463 February 2, 2016 
term of the contract, and shall require such an adjustment, if requested, upon extension pursu-ant to subparagraph (G); ‘‘(ii) the adjusted rent shall not exceed the maximum rent permitted under subparagraph (H); ‘‘(iii) the contract may provide that the max-imum rent permitted for a dwelling unit shall not be less than the initial rent for the dwelling unit under the initial housing assistance pay-ments contract covering the units; and ‘‘(iv) the provisions of subsection (c)(2)(C) shall not apply.’’; (7) in subparagraph (J)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; and (ii) by inserting before the period the fol-lowing: ‘‘or may permit owners to select appli-cants from site-based waiting lists as specified in this subparagraph’’; (B) by striking the third sentence and insert-ing the following: ‘‘The agency or owner may establish preferences or criteria for selection for a unit assisted under this paragraph that are consistent with the public housing agency plan for the agency approved under section 5A and that give preference to families who qualify for voluntary services, including disability-specific services, offered in conjunction with assisted units.’’; and (C) by striking the fifth and sixth sentences and inserting the following: ‘‘A public housing agency may establish and utilize procedures for owner-maintained site-based waiting lists, under which applicants may apply at, or other-wise designate to the public housing agency, the project or projects in which they seek to reside, except that all eligible applicants on the waiting list of an agency for assistance under this sub-section shall be permitted to place their names on such separate list, subject to policies and procedures established by the Secretary. All such procedures shall comply with title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Fair Housing Act, section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and other applicable civil rights laws. The owner or manager of a project assisted under this paragraph shall not admit any family to a dwelling unit assisted under a contract pursu-ant to this paragraph other than a family re-ferred by the public housing agency from its waiting list, or a family on a site-based waiting list that complies with the requirements of this subparagraph. A public housing agency shall disclose to each applicant all other options in the selection of a project in which to reside that are provided by the public housing agency and are available to the applicant.’’; (8) in subparagraph (M)(ii), by inserting be-fore the period at the end the following: ‘‘relat-ing to funding other than housing assistance payments’’; and (9) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(N) S
TRUCTURE OWNED BY AGENCY .—A public housing agency engaged in an initiative to im-prove, develop, or replace a public housing property or site may attach assistance to an ex-isting, newly constructed, or rehabilitated struc-ture in which the agency has an ownership in-terest or which the agency has control of with-out following a competitive process, provided that the agency has notified the public of its in-tent through its public housing agency plan and subject to the limitations and requirements of this paragraph. ‘‘(O) S
PECIAL PURPOSE VOUCHERS .—A public housing agency that administers vouchers au-thorized under subsection (o)(19) or (x) of this section may provide such assistance in accord-ance with the limitations and requirements of this paragraph, without additional requirements for approval by the Secretary.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development shall issue notice or regulations to implement subsection (a) of this section and such subsection shall take effect upon such issuance. SEC. 107. ESTABLISHMENT OF FAIR MARKET RENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 8(c) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(c)(1)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after the paragraph designation; (2) by striking the fourth, seventh, eighth, and ninth sentences; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) Fair market rentals for an area shall be published not less than annually by the Sec-retary on the site of the Department on the World Wide Web and in any other manner spec-ified by the Secretary. Notice that such fair market rentals are being published shall be pub-lished in the Federal Register, and such fair market rentals shall become effective no earlier than 30 days after the date of such publication. The Secretary shall establish a procedure for public housing agencies and other interested parties to comment on such fair market rentals and to request, within a time specified by the Secretary, reevaluation of the fair market rent-als in a jurisdiction before such rentals become effective. The Secretary shall cause to be pub-lished for comment in the Federal Register no-tices of proposed material changes in the meth-odology for estimating fair market rentals and notices specifying the final decisions regarding such proposed substantial methodological changes and responses to public comments.’’. (b) P
AYMENT STANDARD .—Subparagraph (B) of section 8(o)(1) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(1)(B)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘, except that no public housing agency shall be required as a result of a reduction in the fair market rental to reduce the payment standard applied to a family continuing to re-side in a unit for which the family was receiving assistance under this section at the time the fair market rental was reduced. The Secretary shall allow public housing agencies to request excep-tion payment standards within fair market rent-al areas subject to criteria and procedures estab-lished by the Secretary’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect upon the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 108. COLLECTION OF UTILITY DATA. 
Section 8(o) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(20) C
OLLECTION OF UTILITY DATA .— ‘‘(A) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall, to the extent that data can be collected cost effec-tively, regularly publish such data regarding utility consumption and costs in local areas as the Secretary determines will be useful for the establishment of allowances for tenant-paid utilities for families assisted under this sub-section. ‘‘(B) U
SE OF DATA .—The Secretary shall pro-vide such data in a manner that— ‘‘(i) avoids unnecessary administrative bur-dens for public housing agencies and owners; and ‘‘(ii) protects families in various unit sizes and building types, and using various utilities, from high rent and utility cost burdens relative to in-come.’’. 
SEC. 109. PUBLIC HOUSING CAPITAL AND OPER-ATING FUNDS. 
(a) C APITAL FUNDREPLACEMENT RESERVES .— Section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g) is amended— (1) in subsection (j), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) T
REATMENT OF REPLACEMENT RESERVE .— The requirements of this subsection shall not apply to funds held in replacement reserves es-tablished pursuant to subsection (n).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(n) E
STABLISHMENT OF REPLACEMENT RE-
SERVES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Public housing agencies shall be permitted to establish a replacement re-serve to fund any of the capital activities listed in subsection (d)(1). ‘‘(2) S
OURCE AND AMOUNT OF FUNDS FOR RE -
PLACEMENT RESERVE .—At any time, a public housing agency may deposit funds from such agency’s Capital Fund into a replacement re-serve, subject to the following: ‘‘(A) At the discretion of the Secretary, public housing agencies may transfer and hold in a re-placement reserve funds originating from addi-tional sources. ‘‘(B) No minimum transfer of funds to a re-placement reserve shall be required. ‘‘(C) At any time, a public housing agency may not hold in a replacement reserve more than the amount the public housing authority has determined necessary to satisfy the antici-pated capital needs of properties in its portfolio assisted under this section, as outlined in its Capital Fund 5-Year Action Plan, or a com-parable plan, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(D) The Secretary may establish, by regula-tion, a maximum replacement reserve level or levels that are below amounts determined under subparagraph (C), which may be based upon the size of the portfolio assisted under this section or other factors. ‘‘(3) T
RANSFER OF OPERATING FUNDS .—In first establishing a replacement reserve, the Secretary may allow public housing agencies to transfer more than 20 percent of its operating funds into its replacement reserve. ‘‘(4) E
XPENDITURE .—Funds in a replacement reserve may be used for purposes authorized by subsection (d)(1) and contained in its Capital Fund 5-Year Action Plan. ‘‘(5) M
ANAGEMENT AND REPORT .—The Sec- retary shall establish appropriate accounting and reporting requirements to ensure that public housing agencies are spending funds on eligible projects and that funds in the replacement re-serve are connected to capital needs.’’. (b) F
LEXIBILITY OF OPERATING FUND A
MOUNTS .—Paragraph (1) of section 9(g) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(g)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(1)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘—Of’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) F
LEXIBILITY IN USE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) F
LEXIBILITY FOR CAPITAL FUND  
AMOUNTS .—Of’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) F
LEXIBILITY FOR OPERATING FUND  
AMOUNTS .—Of any amounts appropriated for fiscal year 2016 or any fiscal year thereafter that are allocated for fiscal year 2016 or any fis-cal year thereafter from the Operating Fund for any public housing agency, the agency may use not more than 20 percent for activities that are eligible under subsection (d) for assistance with amounts from the Capital Fund, but only if the public housing plan under section 5A for the agency provides for such use.’’. 
SEC. 110. FAMILY UNIFICATION PROGRAM FOR CHILDREN AGING OUT OF FOSTER CARE. 
Section 8(x) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(x)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘18 months’’ and inserting ‘‘36 months’’; (B) by striking ‘‘21 years of age’’ and insert-ing ‘‘24 years of age’’; and (C) by inserting after ‘‘have left foster care’’ the following: ‘‘, or will leave foster care within 90 days, in accordance with a transition plan described in section 475(5)(H) of the Social Secu-rity Act, and is homeless or is at risk of becom-ing homeless’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION BETWEEN PUBLIC HOUSING  
AGENCIES AND PUBLIC CHILD WELFARE AGEN -
CIES.—The Secretary shall, not later than the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.018 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH464 February 2, 2016 
expiration of the 180-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of the Housing Oppor-tunity Through Modernization Act of 2015 and after consultation with other appropriate Fed-eral agencies, issue guidance to improve coordi-nation between public housing agencies and public child welfare agencies in carrying out the program under this subsection, which shall pro-vide guidance on— ‘‘(A) identifying eligible recipients for assist-ance under this subsection; ‘‘(B) coordinating with other local youth and family providers in the community and partici-pating in the Continuum of Care program estab-lished under subtitle C of title IV of the McKin-ney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11381 et seq.); ‘‘(C) implementing housing strategies to assist eligible families and youth; ‘‘(D) aligning system goals to improve out-comes for families and youth and reducing lapses in housing for families and youth; and ‘‘(E) identifying resources that are available to eligible families and youth to provide sup-portive services available through parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 621 et seq.; 670 et seq.) or that the head of household of a family or youth may be entitled to receive under section 477 of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 677).’’. TITLE II—RURAL HOUSING 
SEC. 201. DELEGATION OF GUARANTEED RURAL HOUSING LOAN APPROVAL. 
Subsection (h) of section 502 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1472(h)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(18) D
ELEGATION OF APPROVAL .—The Sec- retary may delegate, in part or in full, the Sec-retary’s authority to approve and execute bind-ing Rural Housing Service loan guarantees pur-suant to this subsection to certain preferred lenders, in accordance with standards estab-lished by the Secretary.’’. TITLE III—FHA MORTGAGE INSURANCE FOR CONDOMINIUMS 
SEC. 301. MODIFICATION OF FHA REQUIREMENTS FOR MORTGAGE INSURANCE FOR CONDOMINIUMS. 
Section 203 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1709) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(y) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR MORTGAGES FOR  C
ONDOMINIUMS .— ‘‘(1) P
ROJECT RECERTIFICATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Notwithstanding any other law, regu-lation, or guideline of the Secretary, including chapter 2.4 of the Condominium Project Ap-proval and Processing Guide of the FHA, the Secretary shall streamline the project certifi-cation requirements that are applicable to the insurance under this section for mortgages for condominium projects so that recertifications are substantially less burdensome than certifi-cations. The Secretary shall consider length-ening the time between certifications for ap-proved properties, and allowing updating of in-formation rather than resubmission. ‘‘(2) C
OMMERCIAL SPACE REQUIREMENTS .—Not- withstanding any other law, regulation, or guideline of the Secretary, including chapter 2.1.3 of the Condominium Project Approval and Processing Guide of the FHA, in providing for exceptions to the requirement for the insurance of a mortgage on a condominium property under this section regarding the percentage of the floor space of a condominium property that may be used for nonresidential or commercial purposes, the Secretary shall provide that— ‘‘(A) any request for such an exception and the determination of the disposition of such re-quest may be made, at the option of the re-quester, under the direct endorsement lender re-view and approval process or under the HUD re-view and approval process through the applica-ble field office of the Department; and ‘‘(B) in determining whether to allow such an exception for a condominium property, factors relating to the economy for the locality in which such project is located or specific to project, in-cluding the total number of family units in the project, shall be considered. Not later than the expiration of the 90-day pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall issue regula-tions to implement this paragraph, which shall include any standards, training requirements, and remedies and penalties that the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(3) TRANSFER FEES .—Notwithstanding any other law, regulation, or guideline of the Sec-retary, including chapter 1.8.8 of the Condo-minium Project Approval and Processing Guide of the FHA and section 203.41 of the Secretary’s regulations (24 C.F.R. 203.41), existing stand-ards of the Federal Housing Finance Agency re-lating to encumbrances under private transfer fee covenants shall apply to the insurance of mortgages by the Secretary under this section to the same extent and in the same manner that such standards apply to the purchasing, invest-ing in, and otherwise dealing in mortgages by the Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation. If the provisions of part 1228 of the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency’s regula-tions (12 C.F.R. part 1228) are amended or oth-erwise changed after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall adopt any such amendments or changes for purposes of this paragraph, unless the Secretary causes to be published in the Federal Register a notice ex-plaining why the Secretary will disregard such amendments or changes within 90 days after the effective date of such amendments or changes. ‘‘(4) O
WNER -OCCUPANCY REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT OF PERCENTAGE RE -
QUIREMENT .—Not later than the expiration of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall, by rule, notice, or mortgagee letter, issue guidance regarding the percentage of units that must be occupied by the owners as a principal residence or a secondary residence (as such terms are defined by the Secretary), or must have been sold to owners who intend to meet such occupancy requirements, including jus-tifications for the percentage requirements, in order for a condominium project to be acceptable to the Secretary for insurance under this section of a mortgage within such condominium prop-erty. ‘‘(B) F
AILURE TO ACT .—If the Secretary fails to issue the guidance required under subpara-graph (A) before the expiration of the 90-day pe-riod specified in such clause, the following pro-visions shall apply: ‘‘(i) 35 
PERCENT REQUIREMENT .—In order for a condominium project to be acceptable to the Sec-retary for insurance under this section, at least 35 percent of all family units (including units not covered by FHA-insured mortgages) must be occupied by the owners as a principal residence or a secondary residence (as such terms are de-fined by the Secretary), or must have been sold to owners who intend to meet such occupancy requirement. ‘‘(ii) O
THER CONSIDERATIONS .—The Secretary may increase the percentage applicable pursu-ant to clause (i) to a condominium project on a project-by-project or regional basis, and in de-termining such percentage for a project shall consider factors relating to the economy for the locality in which such project is located or spe-cific to project, including the total number of family units in the project.’’. TITLE IV—HOUSING REFORMS FOR THE HOMELESS AND FOR VETERANS 
SEC. 401. DEFINITION OF GEOGRAPHIC AREA FOR CONTINUUM OF CARE PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITION .—Subtitle C of the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act is amended— (1) by redesignating sections 432 and 433 (42 U.S.C. 11387, 11388) as sections 433 and 434, re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after section 431 (42 U.S.C. 11386e) the following new section: ‘‘SEC. 432. GEOGRAPHIC AREAS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT TO DEFINE .—For purposes of this subtitle, the term ‘geographic area’ shall have such meaning as the Secretary shall by no-tice provide. ‘‘(b) I
SSUANCE OF NOTICE .—Not later than the expiration of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of the Housing Oppor-tunity Through Modernization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall issue a notice setting forth the definition required by subsection (a).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents in section 101(b) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11301 note) is amended by striking the items relating to sec-tions 432 and 433 and inserting the following new items: ‘‘Sec. 432. Geographic areas. ‘‘Sec. 433. Regulations. ‘‘Sec. 434. Reports to Congress.’’. 
SEC. 402. INCLUSION OF PUBLIC HOUSING AGEN-CIES AND LOCAL REDEVELOPMENT AUTHORITIES IN EMERGENCY SOLU-TIONS GRANTS. 
Section 414(c) of the McKinney-Vento Home-less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11373(c)) is amend-ed— (1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘, P
UBLIC HOUSING AGENCIES , AND LOCAL REDE-
VELOPMENT AUTHORITIES ’’ after ‘‘O RGANIZA -
TIONS ’’; and (2) in the first sentence, by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, to public housing agencies (as defined under section 3(b)(6) of the United States Housing Act of 1937), or to local redevelopment authorities (as defined under State law)’’. 
SEC. 403. SPECIAL ASSISTANT FOR VETERANS AF-FAIRS IN THE DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOP-MENT. 
(a) T RANSFER OF POSITION TO OFFICE OF THE  S
ECRETARY .—Section 4 of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act (42 U.S.C. 3533) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL ASSISTANT FOR VETERANS AF-
FAIRS .— ‘‘(1) P
OSITION .—There shall be in the Office of the Secretary a Special Assistant for Veterans Affairs, who shall report directly to the Sec-retary. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Special Assistant for Veterans Affairs shall be appointed based solely on merit and shall be covered under the provi-sions of title 5, United States Code, governing appointments in the competitive service. ‘‘(3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Special Assistant for Veterans Affairs shall be responsible for— ‘‘(A) ensuring veterans have fair access to housing and homeless assistance under each program of the Department providing either such assistance; ‘‘(B) coordinating all programs and activities of the Department relating to veterans; ‘‘(C) serving as a liaison for the Department with the Department of Veterans Affairs, in-cluding establishing and maintaining relation-ships with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; ‘‘(D) serving as a liaison for the Department, and establishing and maintaining relationships with the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness and officials of State, local, re-gional, and nongovernmental organizations con-cerned with veterans; ‘‘(E) providing information and advice regard-ing— ‘‘(i) sponsoring housing projects for veterans assisted under programs administered by the De-partment; or ‘‘(ii) assisting veterans in obtaining housing or homeless assistance under programs adminis-tered by the Department; ‘‘(F) coordinating with the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development and the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.018 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H465 February 2, 2016 
of Veterans Affairs in carrying out section 404 of the Housing Opportunity Through Mod-ernization Act of 2015; and ‘‘(G) carrying out such other duties as may be assigned to the Special Assistant by the Sec-retary or by law.’’. (b) T
RANSFER OF POSITION IN OFFICE OF DEP-
UTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR SPECIAL  N
EEDS.—On the date that the initial Special As-sistant for Veterans Affairs is appointed pursu-ant to section 4(h)(2) of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act, as added by subsection (a) of this section, the position of Special Assistant for Veterans Programs in the Office of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Special Needs of the Department of Housing and Urban Development shall be terminated. 
SEC. 404. ANNUAL SUPPLEMENTAL REPORT ON VETERANS HOMELESSNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in coordination with the United States Interagency Council on Homeless-ness, shall submit annually to the Committees of the Congress specified in subsection (b), together with the annual reports required by such Secre-taries under section 203(c)(1) of the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11313(c)(1)), a supplemental report that includes the following information with respect to the preceding year: (1) The same information, for such preceding year, that was included with respect to 2010 in the report by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs entitled ‘‘Veterans Homelessness: A Supplemental Report to the 2010 Annual Homeless Assessment Report to Congress’’. (2) Information regarding the activities of the Department of Housing and Urban Development relating to veterans during such preceding year, as follows: (A) The number of veterans provided assist-ance under the housing choice voucher program for Veterans Affairs supported housing under section 8(o)(19) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(19)), the socio-economic characteristics of such homeless vet-erans, and the number, types, and locations of entities contracted under such section to admin-ister the vouchers. (B) A summary description of the special con-siderations made for veterans under public housing agency plans submitted pursuant to section 5A of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437c–1) and under comprehen-sive housing affordability strategies submitted pursuant to section 105 of the Cranston-Gon-zalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12705). (C) A description of the activities of the Spe-cial Assistant for Veterans Affairs of the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development. (D) A description of the efforts of the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development and the other members of the United States Inter-agency Council on Homelessness to coordinate the delivery of housing and services to veterans. (E) The cost to the Department of Housing and Urban Development of administering the programs and activities relating to veterans. (F) Any other information that the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs consider relevant in assessing the programs and activities of the Department of Housing and Urban Development relating to veterans. (b) C
OMMITTEES .—The Committees of the Con-gress specified in this subsection are as follows: (1) The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. (2) The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate. (3) The Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. (4) The Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives. (5) The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. (6) The Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS SEC. 501. INCLUSION OF DISASTER HOUSING AS-SISTANCE PROGRAM IN CERTAIN FRAUD AND ABUSE PREVENTION MEASURES. 
The Disaster Housing Assistance Program ad-ministered by the Department of Housing and Urban Development shall be considered a ‘‘pro-gram of the Department of Housing and Urban Development’’ under section 904 of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Amendments Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 3544) for the purpose of income verifications. 
SEC. 502. ENERGY EFFICIENCY REQUIREMENTS UNDER SELF-HELP HOMEOWNER-SHIP OPPORTUNITY PROGRAM. 
Section 11 of the Housing Opportunity Pro-gram Extension Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 12805 note) is amended by inserting after subsection (f) the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) E
NERGY EFFICIENCY REQUIREMENTS .— The Secretary may not require any dwelling de-veloped using amounts from a grant made under this section to meet any energy efficiency stand-ards other than the standards applicable at such time pursuant to section 109 of the Cran-ston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12709) to housing specified in sub-section (a) of such section.’’. 
SEC. 503. DATA EXCHANGE STANDARDIZATION FOR IMPROVED INTEROPERABILITY. 
(a) D ATAEXCHANGE STANDARDIZATION .—Title I of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 37. DATA EXCHANGE STANDARDS FOR IM-PROVED INTEROPERABILITY. 
‘‘(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Secretary shall, in consultation with an interagency work group established by the Office of Management and Budget, and considering State government per-spectives, designate data exchange standards to govern, under this Act— ‘‘(1) necessary categories of information that State agencies operating related programs are required under applicable law to electronically exchange with another State agency; and ‘‘(2) Federal reporting and data exchange re-quired under applicable law. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The data exchange standards required by subsection (a) shall, to the maximum extent practicable— ‘‘(1) incorporate a widely accepted, nonpropri-etary, searchable, computer-readable format, such as the eXtensible Markup Language; ‘‘(2) contain interoperable standards devel-oped and maintained by intergovernmental partnerships, such as the National Information Exchange Model; ‘‘(3) incorporate interoperable standards de-veloped and maintained by Federal entities with authority over contracting and financial assist-ance; ‘‘(4) be consistent with and implement appli-cable accounting principles; ‘‘(5) be implemented in a manner that is cost- effective and improves program efficiency and effectiveness; and ‘‘(6) be capable of being continually upgraded as necessary. ‘‘(c) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section requires a change to existing data exchange standards for Federal reporting found to be effective and efficient.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development shall issue a proposed rule to carry out the amend-ments made by subsection (a). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The rule shall— (A) identify federally required data ex-changes; (B) include specification and timing of ex-changes to be standardized; (C) address the factors used in determining whether and when to standardize data ex-changes; (D) specify State implementation options; and (E) describe future milestones. The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–411. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be de-batable for the time specified in the re-port, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . BUCHANAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–411. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 16, line 2, after ‘‘develop’’ insert ‘‘electronic’’. Page 16, line 4, strike ‘‘income’’ and insert ‘‘benefit’’. Page 16, after line 14, insert the following: ‘‘(E) E
LECTRONIC INCOME VERIFICATION .— The Secretary shall develop a mechanism for disclosing information to a public housing agency for the purpose of verifying the em-ployment and income of individuals and fam-ilies in accordance with section 453(j)(7)(E) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 653(j)(7)(E)), and shall ensure public housing agencies have access to information con-tained in the ‘Do Not Pay’ system estab-lished by section 5 of the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112-248; 126 Stat. 2392).’’. Page 16, line 15, strike ‘‘(E)’’ and insert ‘‘(F)’’. Page 34, line 14, strike the closing quotation marks and the last period. Page 34, after line 14, insert the following: ‘‘(7) V
ERIFYING INCOME .— ‘‘(A) Beginning in fiscal year 2018, the Sec-retary shall require public housing agencies to require each applicant for, or recipient of, benefits under this Act to provide authoriza-tion by the applicant or recipient (or by any other person whose income or resources are material to the determination of the eligi-bility of the applicant or recipient for such benefits) for the public housing agency to ob-tain (subject to the cost reimbursement re-quirements of section 1115(a) of the Right to Financial Privacy Act) from any financial institution (within the meaning of section 1101(1) of such Act) any financial record (within the meaning of section 1101(2) of such Act) held by the institution with respect to the applicant or recipient (or any such other person) whenever the public housing agency determines the record is needed in connec-tion with a determination with respect to such eligibility or the amount of such bene-fits. ‘‘(B) Notwithstanding section 1104(a)(1) of the Right to Financial Privacy Act, an au-thorization provided by an applicant or re-cipient (or any other person whose income or resources are material to the determination of the eligibility of the applicant or recipi-ent) pursuant to subparagraph (A) of this paragraph shall remain effective until the earliest of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.018 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH466 February 2, 2016 
‘‘(i) the rendering of a final adverse deci-sion on the applicant’s application for eligi-bility for benefits under this Act; ‘‘(ii) the cessation of the recipient’s eligi-bility for benefits under this Act; or ‘‘(iii) the express revocation by the appli-cant or recipient (or such other person re-ferred to in subparagraph (A)) of the author-ization, in a written notification to the Sec-retary. ‘‘(C)(i) An authorization obtained by the public housing agency pursuant to this para-graph shall be considered to meet the re-quirements of the Right to Financial Pri-vacy Act for purposes of section 1103(a) of such Act, and need not be furnished to the fi-nancial institution, notwithstanding section 1104(a) of such Act. ‘‘(ii) The certification requirements of sec-tion 1103(b) of the Right to Financial Privacy Act shall not apply to requests by the public housing agency pursuant to an authorization provided under this clause. ‘‘(iii) A request by the public housing agen-cy pursuant to an authorization provided under this clause is deemed to meet the re-quirements of section 1104(a)(3) of the Right to Financial Privacy Act and the flush lan-guage of section 1102 of such Act. ‘‘(iv) The public housing agency shall in-form any person who provides authorization pursuant to this paragraph of the duration and scope of the authorization. ‘‘(D) If an applicant for, or recipient of, benefits under this Act (or any such other person referred to in subparagraph (A)) re-fuses to provide, or revokes, any authoriza-tion made by the applicant or recipient for the public housing agency to obtain from any financial institution any financial record, the public housing agency may, on that basis, determine that the applicant or recipient is ineligible for benefits under this title.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 594, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
UCHANAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I would like to first thank the sub-committee chair of Financial Services, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , for his leadership on such important issues. As chairman of the Human Resources Subcommittee of Ways and Means, I have the distinct privilege of over-seeing a number of means-tested pro-grams aimed at providing low-income individuals and families an opportunity to move up the economic ladder. There are a lot of lessons we have learned, and we should be using them to better serve recipients and tax-payers. In June of last year, the Department of Housing and Urban Development’s Office of Inspector General found that the Federal Government paid public housing benefits to families with exces-sive income and assets when those ben-efits should have gone to low-income families in real need. This amendment builds on reforms made by the underlying bill. This amendment reduces that burden on families by using systems they are most likely already interacting with for other means-tested programs. It also improves accuracy for housing au-thorities and landlords, providing them with more timely and reliable informa-tion. b1545 Ultimately, it ensures that those with assets well above the eligibility limits will not be using benefits di-rected to those Americans who need the most help. I encourage all my colleagues to sup-port this amendment and support the underlying bill. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposi-tion to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. I have concerns that there are a lot of unanswered questions regarding the new income verification system that is being proposed in this amendment, and I think it needs to be addressed. First, it appears that there would be a cost associated with this amendment. Housing authorities would have to spend some of their operating fund dol-lars to comply with the new require-ments in this amendment, and that takes away from other important things that they must prioritize. It is important to note that the pub-lic housing operating fund and admin-istrative fees are severely underfunded, so public housing authorities are al-ready struggling to make ends meet. H.R. 3700 is intended to ease adminis-trative burdens, but this amendment seems to be increasing burdens without any additional funding. In other words, it is an unfunded mandate. Secondly, it is unclear whether all housing authorities have the electronic infrastructure in place to securely maintain and protect residents’ per-sonal financial data, which could in-clude bank account information, in a manner that is inconsistent with what current financial regulators have. If housing authorities need to upgrade their systems, that would also cost money that is not provided for in this amendment. Third, it is not clear how this amend-ment would work for residents who are unbanked. This amendment virtually ignores millions of Americans that are unbanked. Fourth, this amendment seems to be addressing a problem that doesn’t exist because I have not seen any evidence that residents are currently not pro-viding accurate information when ap-plying for housing assistance. Lastly, H.R. 3700 already includes a provision to address over-income households in public housing to help ensure that taxpayers are not sub-sidizing these households. For every piece of legislation that we pass, it should be carefully considered, which is why we should not adopt this hasty amendment that has not been thor-oughly studied by congressional staff or our housing groups, the administra-tion, and carefully negotiated by both parties. Mr. Chairman and Members, let me just say this: We have a good bill here. We have gone a long way in dealing with whatever concerns either side may have. We have a compromise piece of legislation. We have a consensus piece of legislation. Let’s not mess it up. We don’t need this amendment. I would ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ). Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to speak in support of the amendment. I believe the amendment reduces the burden on families for using solutions that already are likely to be in place with regards to interacting through other means testing programs. I think it improves the efficiency for public housing authorities and landlords, pro-viding more accurate and timely eligi-bility information. It minimizes the risk of waste, fraud, and abuse of tax dollars and ensures limited resources are better targeted to families in need by requiring public housing agencies to access data used by other means tested programs or by assets. This amendment further strengthens the response to the 2015 inspector gen-eral’s audit, which revealed individuals with substantial assets were receiving rental subsidies. This amendment builds on the progress made by the Committee on Financial Services to better target housing assistance to the needs of low-income individuals and families. The current system in determining eligibility for rental subsidies is bur-densome to program recipients to re-port income that can vary as much as every week and time consuming for public housing agencies and landlords to collect and verify this information, unfair to taxpayers who expect tax dol-lars to be targeted to families most in need. I think you can see what I believe is an asset here from the standpoint it is going to streamline the system. It is going to save money. I think it makes it easier for the people to access, it is going to make it easier for the individ-uals who are working with those folks to be able to do a better job of getting and accumulating the information as quickly as possible to better ferret out the ones who need the help and ones who don’t, and therefore do a good job of managing our taxpayer dollars. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman and Members, I basically made an appeal to my Republican col-leagues to reject this amendment. I ba-sically talked about the fact that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.019 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H467 February 2, 2016 
have gone a long way toward recon-ciling our differences and that we don’t need to endanger the bill at all with an amendment like this. I am not sure exactly what the gen-tleman is attempting to do. We already have systems in existence by which those who wish to live in public hous-ing have to verify their income. I don’t know what is being attempted here. If the attempt is to try and go to finan-cial institutions and say to them, is it true that this person only has $5 in their bank account or what have you? I am not sure that the housing author-ity would want to assume that addi-tional responsibility and that addi-tional cost, so I have to continue to op-pose this amendment. Perhaps there is a better explanation than I have heard, but I have not heard a good expla-nation about why we should adopt it. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Chair, my un-derstanding is PHAs asked for this, but let me just say my amendment will re-duce the burdens on families by using solutions they are already interacting with through other means-tested pro-grams. I encourage all my colleagues to sup-port this amendment and to support the underlying bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased that the gentleman talked about having talked with the public housing authorities be-cause we did, too, and they had no idea what your bill is. They didn’t know anything about it, they didn’t under-stand why it was being done, so we have a difference of opinion, I suppose, about what the public housing authori-ties are saying. I am saying that based on our inquir-ies, they did not support your legisla-tion because they didn’t understand it. They didn’t know it exists. They didn’t know what it was all about. I would, again, ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. B
UCHANAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . MAXINE  
WATERS OF CALIFORNIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–411. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike line 17 on page 20 and all that fol-lows through page 21, line 10, and insert the following: ‘‘(B) M
INORS , STUDENTS , AND PERSONS WITH  
DISABILITIES .—$480 for each member of the family residing in the household (other than the head of the household or his or her spouse) who is less than 18 years of age or is attending school or vocational training on a full-time basis, or who is 18 years of age or older and is a person with disabilities. ‘‘(C) CHILD CARE .—Any reasonable child care expenses necessary to enable a member of the family to be employed or to further his or her education.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 594, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would remove the harmful provision in H.R. 3700 that would effectively raise rent for thousands of families with children who are living in HUD-assisted housing by limiting the amount they can de-duct from their income for childcare expenses. These are parents, particu-larly single parents, who are already struggling to pay for the cost of child care in order to work or to go to school. I believe we should not be crippling their ability to juggle these respon-sibilities. We should be supporting them. I believe that my Republican colleagues share my concerns. We sim-ply did not have the data that we need-ed at the markup to truly understand how this provision would affect these households. As I mentioned in my opening state-ment, the Republicans have indicated that they will support this amendment, which will remove this harmful lan-guage and preserve the current law. This will ensure that families with children will not be burdened with a rent increase as a result of this bill. I would like to thank my colleagues across the aisle for working with me on this issue to find common ground. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, if nothing else, I would just like to throw the ranking member a curve ball and actually accept one of her amend-ments, just to show that minor mir-acles can still occur within the Halls of Congress and on the floor of the United States House of Representatives. Par-ticularly after a very robust debate this morning on the budget views and estimates, this might be a welcome de-parture. Anyway, I am prepared to accept the ranking member’s amendment. Again, as she said, H.R. 3700 will allow only families to deduct childcare expenses that exceed 5 percent. The ranking member’s amendment would revert back to current law. I think that in this particular case there are some trade-offs to be made, and I am willing to accept this particular trade-off and work with the ranking member to for-ward the overall bill. I urge all Members to accept it and vote for it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ), the ranking member of the Committee on Small Business and a member of the Committee on Finan-cial Services. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the gentle-woman from California’s amendment. Mr. Chairman, in New York City ac-cess to safe and affordable housing is a critical issue. Just in Brooklyn, the city’s housing shortage has driven rents to over $2,500 a month for a 1-bed-room apartment. As a result, a major-ity of households spend more than 30 percent of their income on housing, making these individuals and families rent burdened. For this reason, the New York City Housing Authority, the Nation’s larg-est public housing authority, provides a home to more than 4,000 New York-ers. Unfortunately, tens of thousands of families remain on waiting lists for units. Congress cannot dictate market rents, but we can change Federal pro-grams empowering public housing au-thorities to address budgetary short-falls, adapt to changing conditions, and better assist current and prospective tenants. That is why we provided the Secretary the ability to adjust the over-income threshold for public hous-ing tenancy, to assist those tenants and families living in public housing where rents and incomes are well above average, like New York. While this bill makes several reforms like these to public housing and Sec-tion 8 rental assistance, many of which are bipartisan and have been discussed for years, I am concerned about the bill’s impact on families with children. According to a recent study by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, H.R. 3700’s changes to the childcare de-duction could cost 52,000 families with children to face a rent increase of $25 or more. More than half the families affected are extremely low income and would be hard pressed to afford such an increase. Mr. Chair, $25, $50, or $75 might not sound like a lot of money for us, but for low-income families that have to struggle every day, this is a lot of money. While updating and improving our Nation’s rental assistance and public housing programs are important goals—one I will continue fighting for—they cannot be accomplished on the backs of the Nation’s children. I, therefore, urge adoption of the gen-tlewoman’s amendment, which will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.041 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH468 February 2, 2016 
strike the burdensome childcare deduc-tion language. I am very impressed with the chair-man today. I hope that from now on we can work in a bipartisan, humane way to address the issues of the shortage of housing in our Nation. I congratulate the ranking member. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I would simply thank all of the Members who have worked on this bill, and I thank all of the support that I am getting for this amendment. I want to thank the chairman. De-spite the fact he had a rather difficult time on committee today, he con-ducted himself rather well, and I en-joyed working with him. I am very thankful that he is here to give support on this amendment and the leadership he has given. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE  W
ATERS ). The amendment was agreed to. b1600 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . SEWELL OF  
ALABAMA  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P OEof Texas). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Re-port 114–411. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 26, after line 3, insert the following new subsection: (h) S
TUDY ON IMPACT ON ELDERLY AND DIS-
ABLED FAMILIES OF DECREASED DEDUCTIONS  
ININCOME .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall conduct a study to determine the impacts, on rents paid by el-derly and disabled individuals and families assisted under the section 8 rental assistance and public housing programs under the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq), of any decreases in the amounts of any deductions from income (for purposes of section 3(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b))), as compared to such deductions under such section 3(b) as in effect before the effectiveness of this section, resulting from the amendments made by this section. (2) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to the Congress a report setting forth the re-sults of the study conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) not later than the expiration of the 12-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Notwithstanding sub-section (h) of this section, this subsection shall take effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 594, the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Alabama. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amend-ment to H.R. 3700. My amendment is commonsense and straightforward. It simply requires the Secretary of HUD to conduct a study to determine the impact of the decreased deductions on rent paid by elderly, dis-abled individuals, and families assisted under the Section 8 rental assistance and housing programs. Being able to assess quality, safe, and affordable housing is critically impor-tant to all Americans. The Section 8 voucher program and other rental as-sistance programs play a vital role in providing this type of housing for our Nation’s most vulnerable citizens, in-cluding seniors, disabled persons, and low-income families. In fact, nearly all of the households currently under HUD rental assistance include children, the elderly, or disabled individuals. These rental assistance programs house over 10 million individuals in roughly 4.6 million rental units across the country. It is clear that these voucher and rental assistance pro-grams continue to perform the task for which they were created, which is pro-viding shelter for millions of Ameri-cans. In spite of its enormous success, the Section 8 voucher program, arguably, still suffers under the weight of too many inefficient and duplicative re-quirements that threaten the overall effectiveness of the program. As drafted, H.R. 3700 takes major bi-partisan steps toward helping preserve our scarce housing resources while ex-panding housing availability. However, as we attempt to reform these pro-grams, we must be mindful and ever diligent in ensuring that the proposed changes are beneficial to their overall implementation and that there are no negative, unintended consequences on the program’s participants. To that end, my amendment allows us to gauge the effectiveness of some of the changes being made here today and their impact on the most vulnerable segments of our population: the elderly and disabled. We all know that no program is per-fect. We must work together to strike a delicate balance and ensure programs are both workable and do what they in-tend to do without adverse impacts on those who are greatly benefited by them. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. I thank the gen-tlewoman from Alabama for her amendment. It is a bipartisan amend-ment. She makes some good points. We are happy to accept it. As long as I am here, I would like to point out to the distinguished ranking member that anytime my side wins all the votes, I am not having a tough day. I am having a really good day. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. I thank the chairman for accepting my amend-ment. I think that all Americans win when we act in a bipartisan manner. I am really grateful for your assistance in making this legislation stronger. I want to thank the ranking member for her leadership on this bill, as well as my colleague, Representative CLEAVER , for his leadership on this bill. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–411. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . HINOJOSA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–411. Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 55, after line 24, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 202. GUARANTEED UNDERWRITING USER FEE. 
Section 502 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1472) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) G
UARANTEED UNDERWRITING USER F
EE.— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY ; MAXIMUM AMOUNT .—The Secretary may assess and collect a fee for a lender to access the automated underwriting systems of the Department in connection with such lender’s participation in the single family loan program under this section and only in an amount necessary to cover the costs of information technology enhance-ments, improvements, maintenance, and de-velopment for automated underwriting sys-tems used in connection with the single fam-ily loan program under this section, except that such fee shall not exceed $50 per loan. ‘‘(2) C
REDITING ; AVAILABILITY .—Any amounts collected from such fees shall be credited to the Rural Development Expense Account as offsetting collections and shall remain available until expended, in the amounts provided in appropriation Acts, solely for expenses described in paragraph (1).’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 594, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
INOJOSA ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Chairman, today I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 3700, entitled, the Housing Opportuni-ties Through Modernization Act of 2015. I want to thank Mr. L
UETKEMEYER  for his hard work on this bill and for the bipartisan and collaborative way in which he went about this important housing reform. I also wish to thank 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.043 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H469 February 2, 2016 
the ranking member, Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, for her hard work and for always looking out for those most needy in our society and for working to improve this bill. My amendment would authorize a nominal user fee on lenders accessing the underwriting systems for the Sec-tion 502 Single Family Housing Guar-anteed Loan Program. This fee would not exceed $50 per loan and would en-able the United States Department of Agriculture to make much-needed up-grades to their automated under-writing system in order to match in-dustry standards. Mr. Chairman, I believe that access to safe, decent, and affordable housing can transform lives. Federal programs like the Section 502 Single Family Housing Guaranteed Loan Program play a critical role in expanding home ownership and opportunity for our rural communities. This Federal pro-gram has helped over 2 million families build wealth through the equity in their home and encourages lenders to provide loans to those who cannot usu-ally obtain conventional financing. Through this program, lenders are enabled and encouraged to serve bor-rowers they might typically reject without the guarantee, increasing bor-rowers’ access to home ownership op-portunities. We owe it to our rural communities to provide the Section 502 program with the resources it needs to modernize and to continue expanding home ownership and opportunity in our most underserved rural communities. The Single Family Housing Guaran-teed Loan Program relies on the Guar-anteed Underwriting System for deter-mining loan approvals quickly and ac-curately. Unfortunately, the current system is in need of substantial tech-nological improvements in order to process risk requests more efficiently. Guaranteed Underwriting System de-velopment is necessary for sound port-folio risk management and will benefit USDA field staff, rural borrowers, and private sector lenders alike. My amendment will cover the cost of developing and maintaining the Guar-anteed Underwriting System and en-able the Single Family Housing Guar-anteed Loan Program to be adminis-tered in a more effective manner, de-spite recent staffing reductions. The nominal fee authorized by my amendment will be used to enhance and maintain the Guaranteed Under-writing System and bring it into the 21st century. It is expected that a fee ranging between $25 and $50 will gen-erate approximately $4 million a year, starting in 2018. The fee will support important program improvements, in-cluding the delegation of underwriting to preferred lenders. The fee will also develop the under-writing system’s technological capa-bilities to current standards, including enhanced loan and lender oversight, metrics, and programatic controls. This efficiency upgrade will allow USDA staff to allocate the necessary time and resources to the most com-plex underwriting decisions. Finally, Congress has long invested in making rural home ownership a re-ality. The Section 502 Single Family Housing Guaranteed Loan Program re-ceives $24 billion a year and has helped millions of families reach the dream of home ownership. Mr. Chairman, my amendment sup-ports the USDA fiscal year 2016 budget request and is supported by prominent rural housing advocacy groups such as the National Rural Housing Coalition and the Housing Assistance Council. I urge all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment of the gentleman from Texas. I thank him for his leadership in this area of rural housing. I think it plays a role in help-ing develop a more modern and effi-cient management and underwriting system to assess mortgage credit risk, prevent foreclosures, and manage a bil-lion-dollar portfolio. This is a bipartisan amendment and a bipartisan bill. We are happy to accept it. I urge Members to adopt it. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. H
INOJOSA ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MS . MENG  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–411. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 55, after line 11, add the following new section: 
SEC. 111. PUBLIC HOUSING HEATING GUIDE-LINES. 
Section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(o) P
UBLIC HOUSING HEATING GUIDE-
LINES .—The Secretary shall publish model guidelines for minimum heating require-ments for public housing dwelling units oper-ated by public housing agencies receiving as-sistance under this section.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 594, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New York. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chair, this amend-ment would require HUD to publish model guidelines for minimum heating requirements for public housing units. Unfortunately, Mr. Chair, some pub-lic housing agencies across this coun-try have struggled with the funda-mental task of providing adequate housing and heating to low-income residents. Less than 2 months ago, the New York Daily News and Reuters pub-lished a series of articles about tenants at the Frederick Douglass Houses in New York City, complaining that they were without heat for several frigid evenings in a row. In response to these complaints, New York City public advocate Letitia James and Legal Services New York City filed a lawsuit on behalf of the tenants, and in their filing they quote a November 25 email from Robert Knapp, head of the New York City Housing Authority’s heating manage-ment services unit, stating: NYCHA official policy . . . is heat shut off between 10 p.m. and 5 a.m. when the outside temperatures are above 20 degrees. When the outside temperature falls below 20 degrees, heat is given through the night. 
Frankly, this is appalling. Many Democratic Representatives from New York City agreed with me, and that is why we submitted a letter, led by my good friends and colleagues, Representatives E
NGEL and R ANGEL , to the head of NYCHA, urging it to com-pletely abandon the current heating policy. That letter was submitted to NYCHA—the largest housing agency in the country, overseeing more than 400,000 residents living in 2,500 build-ings—more than a month ago, and we have yet to receive a response. That is why I have come to the floor today. While it is not in our authority to mandate what a building’s heating re-quirements should be in any particular city across this vast country, clearly some help is needed. Apparently, some local agencies might need official guid-ance from HUD outlining the fact that it is a good idea to turn the heat on at night when the temperature outside is below freezing. I was hopeful things would not come to this point, but right now, in the middle of winter, when almost one in five public housing residents in my city are age 62 or older, and more than a quarter of them are children under the age of 18, I feel that this matter could ultimately be one of life or death. b1615 We do not want to return to an age in which tenants of local public housing authorities are forced to revert to heating their homes with stoves. Many of us here are all too familiar with the unfortunate tragedies that occur as a result of that practice and the fires that can also occur when resi-dents are forced to rely on individual space heaters. For not only the safety of public housing residents across America, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.048 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH470 February 2, 2016 
also their humanity, heating standards must be improved. It is my hope that this amendment today, which mandates that HUD produce model heating guidelines, will assist in this endeavor. It is also my hope that all of my colleagues will sup-port this effort. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to this amendment, although I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I listened very carefully to the gentle-woman’s comments on the floor. I am prepared to accept the amendment. She makes some reasonable arguments. I urge its adoption. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MENG. I thank the Chairman for his support. Mr. ENGEL. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. MENG. I yield to the gentleman from New York. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me. I certainly support what she is trying to do. Last December it came to light that the New York City Housing Authority, NYCHA, has as recently as 2013 shut down boilers in public housing prop-erties unless outside temperatures drop below 25 degrees. This forces residents to go without heat during the coldest months of the year. I grew up in affordable housing. I grew up in city housing. So I am par-ticularly sensitive to everything that the New York City Housing Authority does. I was outraged by this revelation. More than 400,000 New Yorkers live in NYCHA buildings, and, what’s more, more than half of these residents live below the poverty line. These New Yorkers, along with every American living in public housing, pay rent and, in return, depend on Housing Authority leadership to fulfill the very reasonable need, a safe and decent shel-ter. A practice that forces tenants to grapple with bitter temperatures just doesn’t fail to meet that need, it is reckless and demeaning. Myself, Ms. M
ENG, and eight other members of the New York City delega-tion sent a letter to the New York City Housing Authority asking that they immediately issue guidance con-demning this practice and make cer-tain that none of their buildings con-tinue to adhere to this outrageous pol-icy. It is important, though, that no American living in public housing be forced to suffer through the winter months, and that is exactly what this amendment will prevent by requiring the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to issue guidelines on minimum heating requirements. I urge my colleagues to vote for this and ensure that public housing resi-dents’ health and safety are protected. I want to thank my colleague from New York (Ms. MENG) for partnering with me on this important issue, and I thank her for her leadership. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Sherman Williams, one of his secretaries. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
HOUSING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 The Committee resumed its sitting. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . PALAZZO  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P OEof Texas). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Re-port 114–411. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 55, after line 11, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 111. EXCEPTION TO PUBLIC HOUSING AGEN-CY RESIDENT BOARD MEMBER RE-QUIREMENT. 
Subsection (b) of section 2 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN JURISDIC -
TIONS .— ‘‘(A) E
XCEPTION .—A covered agency (as such term is defined in subparagraph (C) of this paragraph) shall not be required to in-clude on the board of directors or a similar governing board of such agency a member described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) A
DVISORY BOARD REQUIREMENT .—Each covered agency that administers Federal housing assistance under section 8 (42 U.S.C. 1437f) that chooses not to include a member described in paragraph (1) on the board of di-rectors or a similar governing board of the agency shall establish an advisory board of not less than 6 residents of public housing or recipients of assistance under section 8 (42 U.S.C. 1437f) to provide advice and comment to the agency or other administering entity on issues related to public housing and sec-tion 8. Such advisory board shall meet not less than quarterly. ‘‘(C) COVERED AGENCY OR ENTITY .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘covered agency’ means a public housing agency or such other entity that administers Federal housing assistance for— ‘‘(I) the Housing Authority of the county of Los Angeles, California; or ‘‘(ii) any of the States of Alaska, Iowa, and Mississippi.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 594, the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Chairman, to-day’s bill to improve public housing is a strong step in streamlining a massive Federal program. I want to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for allowing us to have this debate. As a former public housing authority executive, I know all too well how im-portant it is to balance financial and managerial responsibility and over-sight while, at the same time, ensuring residents’ needs are met. This amendment is simple and ad-dresses an outdated and misinformed statute in the United States Housing Act that requires the membership of directors of a public housing agency contain one member who is directly as-sisted by the agency. Opposition to this rule is not new. When HUD proposed these rules in 1999, PHAs across the United States issued statements of opposition. Some would argue that requiring resident members to serve on the board is a blatant conflict of interest, as he or she would be making decisions that financially impact his or her family and their well-being. While I agree, I am not here to debate that today. This amendment addresses only the PHAs in three States and one county. This is because, in our respective State constitutions, there are provisions that expressly oppose the idea of a board member of any group receiving benefits from the very agency upon which he or she serves. This amendment does not rob the residents in specified areas of a voice in the affairs of their housing. In fact, it is a Federal requirement that each PHA have a resident advisory board comprised of at least one resident who serves as a liaison between the PHA and housing residents. I speak from ex-perience when I say that their input is always acknowledged and much appre-ciated. This commonsense provision is usu-ally passed through the appropriations process, as it has been for decades. My amendment simply makes it perma-nent. I encourage adoption of this com-monsense provision. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.051 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H471 February 2, 2016 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman and Members, I have se-rious concerns about providing a per-manent exemption for the listed enti-ties from existing requirements that each public housing authority must have a resident commissioner serve on the governing board. In 1998, Congress passed this require-ment into law in recognition of the need for the perspective and participa-tion of tenants in the governance of public housing authorities. To this day, this requirement helps to ensure that residents are included in board-level decisionmaking. However, in appropriations bills over the last decade, four entities have re-ceived an exemption from this require-ment so long as they maintain a sepa-rate advisory board with at least six residents of public or assisted housing. The Housing Authority of the County of Los Angeles is one of the four enti-ties that received this exemption. How-ever, last year I learned that HACOLA was not in compliance with the part of the exemption that requires that they maintain an advisory board of at least six residents, and this noncompliance had been going on for many years. HACOLA’s noncompliance resulted in a lack of meaningful engagement by residents on important policy issues af-fecting programs that HACOLA admin-isters. I successfully offered an amendment in the funding year 2016 housing fund-ing bill to strike HACOLA’s exemption. While this amendment was ultimately not included in the final omnibus, it did put Congress, HUD, and the Hous-ing Authority on notice that failure to comply with this important law is sim-ply unacceptable. This demonstrates that we need to be extremely careful when providing ex-emptions for a requirement as impor-tant as this one. The exemption for HACOLA and others was intended to provide them with special accommoda-tions while still ensuring meaningful tenant engagement. But HACOLA’s be-havior displayed blatant disregard for the law and the intent behind the law. That is why I do not believe that we should be making this exemption per-manent. Instead, I think we should be thinking about ways to enhance com-pliance with the existing exemption re-quirements. For these reasons, of course I am going to urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. Mr. Chairman and Members, it is just inconceivable that we don’t understand that, if you want to not only educate tenants, but want to involve tenants in decisionmaking and help them to un-derstand how democracy works and help them to understand the rules of public housing and what can and can-not be done and why these rules are adopted—if we don’t understand that, we don’t understand anything. It is inconceivable to me that we would simply say that we do not want just one commissioner, one resident, to be a part of the governing board, and it is inconceivable to me that we don’t understand that we allow for exemp-tions to say: Okay. If you don’t want just one commissioner to serve on the board with you, we will allow you to have an advisory board of six residents that could involve themselves in the decisions that are made by the gov-erning board. I talk about this importance because I think it is so important, as we engage and lift people out of poverty, that they understand the rules of the game. The only way you get to understand the rules of the game is if you get to play. You get to understand how deci-sions are made. You get to understand what the rules are and how government works. To exclude them does not make good sense to me. Now, I know why my own county would like to have this done. They would like to have this done because— guess what. We discovered that they were trying to sell off 241 units of Sec-tion 8-type housing at the same time that they were providing the museum with over $120 million, and they said they could not afford the upkeep of those units. They didn’t like it that we went out and talked with the residents. I went out to the homes and I said: Did you know that these units are about to be sold? Do you know what is going to happen to you and why the county is giving up these units? No. They didn’t know. They didn’t have a clue because they didn’t have proper notification. They didn’t have one resident that served on the gov-erning board. They didn’t have an advi-sory committee, even though L.A. County had gotten an exemption. They refused to even comply with the ex-emption to simply have an advisory board. This is not right. This does not make good sense. I don’t know why you would support something like this. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Chair, I want to thank my colleague for expressing some good points. This amendment ac-tually continues to allow residents of housing authorities to have a strong voice. It monitors the situation not just in our housing authorities that we are trying to exempt under States where their constitution prohibits board members from being able to sit on boards where they have a monetary or fiscal interest in that. It is a huge con-flict of interest. We are not going after all 2,700-plus public housing authorities. We are just trying to make sure the States that have constitutions prohibiting such blatant disregard to common sense and having that conflict of interest are pro-tected. Apparently, there is a personal inter-est in the one jurisdiction. Hopefully, when my amendment is adopted, if we are going through the conference proc-ess with the Senate, we can work with my colleague to make sure that her State HA that she is referencing is taken care of. But, again, my amendment I think adds more voices to the governing process for them to know what is going on in their local housing authority. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Mississippi will be postponed. b1630 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . WELCH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–411. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 55, after line 11, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 111. USE OF VOUCHERS FOR MANUFAC-TURED HOUSING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8(o)(12) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(12)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking the pe-riod at the end of the first sentence and all that follows through ‘‘of’’ in the second sen-tence and inserting ‘‘and rents’’’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘the rent’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘rent shall mean the sum of the monthly payments made by a family assisted under this paragraph to amortize the cost of pur-chasing the manufactured home, including any required insurance and property taxes, the monthly amount allowed for tenant-paid utilities, and the monthly rent charged for the real property on which the manufactured home is located, including monthly manage-ment and maintenance charges.’’; (B) by striking clause (ii); and (C) in clause (iii)— (i) by inserting after the period at the end the following: ‘‘If the amount of the monthly assistance payment for a family exceeds the monthly rent charged for the real property on which the manufactured home is located, including monthly management and mainte-nance charges, a public housing agency may pay the remainder to the family, lender or utility company, or may choose to make a single payment to the family for the entire monthly assistance amount.’’; and (ii) by redesignating such clause as clause (ii). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall issue notice to implement the amendments made by subsection (a) and such amendments shall take effect upon such issuance. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 594, the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.054 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH472 February 2, 2016 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Vermont. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I am a strong supporter of the good work that is represented in H.R. 3700, and I congratulate Chairman L
UETKE -
MEYER and Ranking Member C LEAVER  for their hard work on this, as well as Chairman H
ENSARLING and Ranking Member W
ATERS . This bill is a really solid, bipartisan improvement over the status quo. This amendment would extend some of the benefits of H.R. 3700 to folks who live in mobile homes, and that happens to be an awful lot of Vermonters who are working real hard trying to make ends meet. The idea of a bricks and sticks house is a dream for them, but they love the mobile home they have, and they have economic challenges in that home. I think that is true not just in Vermont but really across rural Amer-ica. What this amendment would allow is for the Section 8 housing vouchers to be used for some of the obvious ex-penses that are associated with owning a mobile home, Mr. Chairman. Right now, only the land rent is what can be included in the voucher. But in addi-tion to that, obviously, you have got the true cost of the mobile home that the owner pays for the housing. In ad-dition to the land rent underneath the home, mobile homeowners often pay a number of other costs, including utili-ties, insurance, and financing for their mobile homes. People renting apartments where it is not a mobile home, all of those are factored into the rent. So what this amendment would do is allow those costs to be included in the calculation for Section 8 that in our view put an unnecessary and unfair limitation on what can be considered. Compare that to the housing cost vouchers that indi-viduals in rental units get. All of those are included in the rent. So this amendment would address that issue by allowing the property taxes on a mobile home, as well as in-surance, utilities, and financing, to be included as components of the housing costs eligible for a voucher. It would make a huge difference in affordability for Vermonters and for Americans across this country who are working hard every day and whose op-tion for safe shelter is a mobile home. Mr. Chairman, I urge that my col-leagues support this amendment. I thank my colleagues for the bipartisan, solid work they have done on this bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim time in opposition, although I am not op-posed. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman from Vermont. I appreciate his amendment. I think that this helps equalize for a number of Section 8 users the ability to use manufactured housing to help equalize this with other housing op-tions. So I think it is an important step forward. I thank the gentleman from Vermont for his leadership, and I recommend Members vote for it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I just want to thank the gentleman from Texas for his gracious remarks. He spent a fair amount of time in the Green Mountain State, so he knows about these mobile homes. I am going to go back and tell folks that you are still the good guy you were when you were spending more time in the Green Mountain State. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 114–411. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk on behalf of Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 64, line 16, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 64, after line 16, insert the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) collaborating with the Department of Veterans Affairs on making joint rec-ommendations to the Congress, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development, and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs on how to better coordinate and improve services to veterans under both Department of Housing and Urban Development and Department of Veteran Affairs veterans housing programs, including ways to improve the Independent Living Program of the Department of Vet-eran Affairs; and’’ Page 64, line 17, strike ‘‘(G)’’ and insert ‘‘(H)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 594, the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment for my friend, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. As of 2014, there were over 130,000 vet-erans living in shelters and transi-tional housing in the United States. About 56 percent of these veterans have a disability. I think we agree that that is unacceptable. Since 2009, the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development and the Department of Veterans Affairs have made significant progress to reduce the number of homeless veterans. But more must be done to get veterans off the streets and into permanent housing. This can be seen in my home district where we have one of the largest home-less populations in the country, and also perhaps the largest populations of homeless veterans. The underlying bill improves housing services for veterans by creating a new special assistant for veterans within the Department of Housing and Urban Development. This new position will coordinate veterans’ housing efforts within HUD, serve as a liaison with the VA, and ensure veterans have fair ac-cess to housing programs. The amendment builds upon those improvements to further coordination between the VA and HUD, both of which provide a range of veteran home-less services and support. The amend-ment requires the Special Assistant to work with the VA and provide rec-ommendations to each department and to Congress on how to improve coordi-nation and housing services for our Na-tion’s veterans. We can do much more to not only keep veterans off the streets, but to provide them with the resources and support they need to have a safe, stable place to live and build a life after com-pleting their service. In San Diego, organizations like zero8hundred and the Veterans Village of San Diego offer the kind of com-prehensive transition support to help veterans be successful. These are also the collective goals of many HUD and VA programs, including the VA’s Independent Living Program, which assists veterans to become more independent in their homes so they never become homeless in the first place. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to ensure that HUD and VA coordinate their ef-forts on addressing the many different issues and aspects associated with vet-eran homelessness. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, we all know on this House floor there is not enough we can ever do for our vet-erans, the brave men and women who served us in uniform. I think that the author of the amendment, in attempt-ing to get HUD and the VA to work more closely together to address prob-lems like veterans’ homelessness, is an important thing to do. I hope it has some benefit. Mr. Chairman, again, I just want to accept the amendment and urge all Members to adopt it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.057 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H473 February 2, 2016 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for his gracious support and for his work on behalf of veterans. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 114–411. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 68, after line 4, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 405. REOPENING OF PUBLIC COMMENT PE-RIOD FOR CONTINUUM OF CARE PROGRAM REGULATIONS. 
Not later than the expiration of the 30-day period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall re-open the pe-riod for public comment regarding the Sec-retary’s interim rule entitled ‘‘Homeless Emergency Assistance and Rapid Transition to Housing: Continuum of Care Program’’, published in the Federal Register on July 31, 2012 (77 Fed. Reg. 45422; Docket No. FR–5476– I–01). Upon re-opening, such comment period shall remain open for a period of not fewer than 60 days. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 594, the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, each Member of this body represents a dis-trict that is affected to some degree by homelessness. We all work diligently to grow the economy, create high-qual-ity jobs, and create opportunity so that no one has to live on the streets. But for many in our districts, ending the scourge of homelessness is an ongoing battle that take resources and coordi-nation from our communities. All of our districts are supported by the Continuum of Care program, which assists local leaders working diligently to distribute funding to public and non-profit institutions that shelter the homeless, set up transitional housing, and provide support programs. In San Diego we recently completed our Point in Time count. My office and other public servants counted the homeless living on the street and in shelters to determine how better to serve them as we work to end home-lessness. In 2014, this count found that San Diego had the fifth largest home-less population in our country. But in that same year, our Continuum of Care program received the 23rd highest level of Federal anti-homelessness funds. San Diego is not the only city that is disadvantaged by the formula that is used to determine how Federal anti- homelessness funds are distributed. Other western cities like Houston, Las Vegas, Seattle, San Jose, and Denver also receive a disproportionately low amount of Federal resources. My amendment would require the Secretary of Housing and Urban Devel-opment to reopen the public comment period on the Continuum of Care for-mula. This would allow service organi-zations, housing providers, community faith leaders, and elected officials the opportunity to provide input on how HUD’s limited and valuable resources can be most equitably and effectively used to end homelessness in our coun-try. The amendment would not change the formula, and it would not unfairly disadvantage the district of any Mem-ber of this body. Since coming to Congress, I have been fighting to ensure that every city receives its fair share of Federal fund-ing to help the homeless. I have cor-responded with both Secretary Dono-van and now-Secretary Castro to advo-cate for changes to the Continuum of Care formula and ask for a public com-ment period. The people working on the ground to end homelessness deserve the opportunity to weigh in on how this formula is affecting them and the work they are doing. Mr. Chairman, I urge all my col-leagues to support this amendment to ensure we are doing all we can to end the scourge of homelessness in this country. Mr. Chairman, I reserve balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I think the comment period does need to be reopened. It is an important issue. Voices need to be heard. The gentleman from California is now batting a thousand. I am not sure if he has any other amendments. He may be pressing his luck after that. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I am well aware of what success looks like in this body, and I am finished offering amendments. I want to thank all the people, including the ranking member and Chairman H
ENSARLING , for their hard work on this bill. This is a good piece of work. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 114–411. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Add at the end of the bill the following new title: TITLE VI—FURNISHING RENT PAYMENT INFORMATION TO CREDIT REPORTING AGENCIES 
SEC. 504. FURNISHING INFORMATION ABOUT RENT PAYMENTS TO A CONSUMER REPORTING AGENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development or any other person having authorized access may furnish to a consumer reporting agency (as defined in section 603 of the Fair Credit Re-porting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a)) information re-lating to the on-time performance of an indi-vidual in making payments under a lease agreement with respect to a dwelling unit for which any subsidy or assistance for occu-pancy in the dwelling unit is provided under a program administered by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. (b) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR FUR-
NISHERS .—Any person who furnishes such in-formation shall— (1) ensure that the payment information is reported in a manner that does not by itself identify the individual as a recipient of hous-ing assistance under a program administered by the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment; and (2) notify the individual that such informa-tion will be provided to a consumer reporting agency before providing such information to a consumer reporting agency. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 594, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentlewoman, Ranking Member W
ATERS , and Chair H EN-
SARLING for their leadership on the committee. Mr. Chairman, too many people are excluded from the financial main-stream. Fifty million Americans lack a credit score. Either they have no credit file at all, or they have too few trade lines to establish a credit score. There have been some real innova-tions in helping these people we call ‘‘credit invisibles’’ to build an accurate score. FICO, which has a large presence in my State, has been a real leader in building more inclusive and accurate scoring methodology. But credit scoring agencies cannot score information they don’t have, and they tend to have late payment infor-mation but not on-time payment infor-mation. In other words, Mr. Chairman, if somebody doesn’t pay a bill, prob-ably it is scored. If they do pay it, probably it is not. This is the case for HUD residents. That is why we need to make it easier for firms to provide customers’ on-time payment data. My amendment specifically aims to help some of the 3 million people who live in HUD-assisted housing. By law, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.059 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH474 February 2, 2016 
families, people with disabilities, and the elderly who receive HUD assistance pay 30 percent of their income for rent. I want to see them get credit they de-serve for paying their rent on time. These folks pay their rent on time, yet it never shows up in their FICO score. Why are we not reporting their on- time rental payment? Because the law requires each tenant to provide prior written consent before having their on- time rental payment information re-ported, but it does not require the same information to report late pay-ments of rent. So they can get hit for late payment, no credit for on-time. The prior written consent is man-dated by the Privacy Act of 1974, which I believe was a well-meaning and good piece of legislation—except it needs to be updated. This piece of legislation, the Privacy Act of 1974, wants to pro-tect the privacy of affordable housing residents, which is good, and I support that. But in this case, it is causing more harm than good. Requiring each resident to grant written permission and then have the housing provider manage all those forms is a burden. b1645 We have empirical evidence to show that such rent reporting helps tenants. Recently, Credit Builders Alliance led a Rent Reporting for Credit Building pilot in eight communities. The Rent Reporting for Credit Building pilot re-ported rent payments of 1,255 low-in-come residents who lived in assisted housing. The research found that credit-invis-ible residents who participated in the pilot were able to build a high nonprime of 646, or prime score of 688 with the inclusion of their rental pay-ment history. Even if they don’t want to borrow money, their scores are going up, meaning that they apply for, perhaps, lower interest rates, apply for jobs, and have a better situation all around. To repeat: from credit-invisible to credit scores above 646, and some much higher. Even those who had a credit score already saw it go up. Seventy- nine percent—a vast majority—saw an increase in credit scores. This was an average increase of 23 points. Credit Builders Alliance and other re-searchers want to expand their efforts to help more residents. Another pilot program is pending. HUD is partnering with Experian; FICO; LexisNexis; the Policy and Economic Research Coun-cil, PERC; and TransUnion to evaluate the impact of reporting rental payment history on credit scores of subsidized housing residents and the general pop-ulation. The Privacy Act requirement has hindered their effort. Already over-worked housing staffs struggle to maintain the paperwork necessary to report renters’ on-time payment. Hous-ing staffs find that it is difficult to set up automated payment data trans-mission between property managers and the credit bureaus with an always changing database. My amendment includes language from H.R. 4172, the Credit Access and Inclusion Act. H.R. 4172 has 20 cospon-sors. Ten are Republican. Seven of the ten Republicans serve with me on the Financial Services Committee. In conclusion, please support this amendment because it would do a num-ber of very important things: It would help credit invisibility for hundreds, if not thousands—millions, even, and that is not an exaggeration— of very low-income people. It makes it easier to provide pre-dictive data of someone’s ability to pay and willingness to repay. And based on solid empirical evidence, that rental payment data can move people from unscoreable to prime or near prime. We should help HUD-assisted tenants enter the financial mainstream. Let’s implement rent reporting on a large scale. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I listened carefully to the gentleman from Minnesota. He makes a number of important points. We have had this dis-cussion previously. I know the gen-tleman from Minnesota is aware of my commitment that, within the com-mittee, we will have a hearing that will include the subject matter of his amendment. I think the gentleman’s amendment, obviously, addresses the Fair Credit Reporting Act, which is not part of this underlying housing bill. Again, we will debate his issue, research his issue, and take testimony on his issue in the fu-ture. I do not believe that this is the ap-propriate bill for his particular amend-ment, so I am going to urge rejection at this time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. HENSARLING. I yield to the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, in listening to the discussion with the gentleman from Minnesota with regard to his amendment, he made the com-ment that they already report it when-ever the people don’t make their pay-ments, and they need to be reporting it when they do make their payments. Does that mean we are going to have to start reporting car payments, house payments, and all those things, too, when people make them on time? Be-cause this is what he is asking us to do is, every time somebody does some-thing right, suddenly now we have got to be reporting that. If you go down that road, then I think we have got some problems. Also, in your amendment here, you indicate that, with the data as re-ported, they are not able to identify if the person is a recipient of housing as-sistance—we are going to tie their hands, yet force them to do some stuff. I think this is a rather ill-conceived amendment, quite frankly, Mr. Chair-man. I certainly urge the body to re-ject it. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair re-minds Members to address their re-marks to the Chair and not to other Members in the second person. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . AL GREEN  
OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 114–411. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following new title: TITLE VI—FHA PILOT PROGRAM FOR AD-DITIONAL CREDIT RATING INFORMA-TION 
SEC. 601. PILOT PROGRAM FOR ADDITIONAL CREDIT RATING INFORMATION FOR FHA MORTGAGORS. 
Section 258 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z–24) is amended as follows: (1) A
UTHORITY .—In the first sentence of subsection (a), by striking ‘‘shall’’ and in-serting ‘‘may’’. (2) E
XTENSION OF PROGRAM .—By striking subsection (d). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 594, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, this is an amendment that is known to the ranking member as well as the chairman of the committee. I will not complicate it. It is a very sim-ple amendment. It simply says that HUD may—HUD may—develop a pilot program to consider additional credit scoring information. We know that there are people who have insufficient credit files and, as a result, they don’t get consideration for a light bill, gas bill, water bill, or phone bill. These are some of the things that we have people making payments on quite regularly timely, but they don’t get considered. We are simply asking HUD to develop a pilot program. We say ‘‘may de-velop.’’ There really is no requirement that HUD do it within some statutory period of time. There is no requirement that HUD will perform this in a certain way. But just see if there is some way to help people who make these pay-ments timely such that this can be-come a part of the additional credit in-formation. Now, I am emphasizing ‘‘additional’’ because, quite frankly, I had ‘‘alter-native’’ at one time, ‘‘alternative cred-it scoring.’’ That created some confu-sion because we are not using this as an alternative. This becomes addi-tional information. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.063 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H475 February 2, 2016 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, because the gentleman from Texas is a friend—and you hear Members say that frequently, but in this case it is as sin-cere as it can be—the committee has attempted to work with the gentleman from Texas. Both sides worked in good faith. Regrettably, we did not come to a point of mutual agreement on the resolution of his amendment, so I am going to oppose it at this time. The amendment would essentially provide a reauthorization of a program that the Obama administration even believed was too risky to establish be-cause they had years to establish it and they chose not to. I appreciate the effort. I appreciate the sincerity of the gentleman from Texas. I understand what he is trying to do. But I also fear that, ultimately, the impact of what the gentleman is trying to do very well could help has-ten the insolvency and bankruptcy of the FHA, hurting their financials. I am happy that the FHA, after 7 years, has finally decided to actually obey the law, but I am not sure that the program that the gentleman from Texas is advocating could not put fur-ther pressure on FHA’s insurance fund, ultimately hurting those it is designed to help. I would say again that, regardless of one’s good intentions, I am still very, very fearful of pilot programs’ mays and shalls that somehow get the polit-ical process involved in telling lenders, or cajoling lenders, or suggesting to lenders what credit standards they should use. That is exactly what helped bring us to the housing crisis in the first place. No matter how well-intentioned Fed-eral policy was, ultimately, there was Federal policy that incented, cajoled, and, in some cases, mandated financial institutions to put people into homes they could not afford to keep. It didn’t do the economy any good, it didn’t do the taxpayer any good, and it certainly didn’t do the homeowner any good to put them in a home they could not af-ford to keep. Again, I have no doubt that is not the intention of the gentleman from Texas. But I have fears—I have fears—that once we start going down this road of telling lenders essentially what type of—and, ultimately, that is what we are doing with FHA. You are, ulti-mately, telling lenders, or suggesting to lenders, what credit standards they should employ. I am fearful of going down this road. We had discussed a number of com-promises. We came close. Unfortu-nately, we didn’t get there with the gentleman from Texas. I am going to oppose this amend-ment, simply because of who he is, somewhat reluctantly. But, nonethe-less, the bottom line is the bottom line. I will oppose the gentleman’s amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, how much time do I have remain-ing? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) has 31⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ) is imminently correct. We are friends. I say it in the sincerest way as well. He and I have collaborated on many issues, and we have gotten a lot of things done in Congress. I hope that doesn’t hurt him back home, let-ting people know that we have worked on things together. But, obviously, I have a different perch, and from my perch here is what I see. I see an opportunity for addi-tional credit scoring to be used, and if it is negative, it is not going to benefit the person that is being scored. It does not prevent any other negative infor-mation from being properly scored. It simply says that HUD may use this in-formation, indicating that persons have paid a light bill, gas bill, water bill, or phone bill as additional infor-mation. That is all it says, that it may do this and it may create the scoring. Now, with reference to HUD, HUD has given me an indication—and I don’t have it in writing to hand to you, Mr. Chairman, but I believe you would trust my word—that they are not op-posing this. One of the reasons why it wasn’t done previously was a function of HUD’s budget. I believe this to be the reason. And because of budgetary concerns, it did not get done—it was codified in the law—and that is why I am reintro-ducing it. But this is a milder version of what I introduced previously, be-cause previously we said HUD shall do this, and this time we have made it as mild as possible. The Realtors are very much sup-portive of it. This will give 50 million people who are currently with light credit files, don’t have sufficient credit scores, to have some additional infor-mation to be considered. But it does not in any way require that negative information be received in a positive manner. If it is negative, it remains negative. If you haven’t paid your car note, it is still a negative. If you haven’t paid your light bill, gas bill, or water bill, it is still a negative. It only gives the opportunity to add these other things as things to consider for many people who, quite frankly, don’t have a lot of traditional credit. They don’t have bad credit; they just don’t have traditional credit. There are a lot of my constituents who fall into this category. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, as persuasive as my friend is from Texas, he wasn’t quite persuasive enough. At this particular moment, I continue to oppose the amendment of from the gen-tleman from Texas. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. b1700 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 114–411. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following new title: TITLE VI—REPORTS 
SEC. 601. REPORT ON INTERAGENCY FAMILY ECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT STRATE-GIES. 
The Secretary of Housing and Urban Devel-opment, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, shall submit a report to the Con-gress annually that describes— (1) any interagency strategies of such De-partments that are designed to improve fam-ily economic empowerment by linking hous-ing assistance with essential supportive serv-ices, such as employment counseling and training, financial education and growth, childcare, transportation, meals, youth rec-reational activities, and other supportive services; and (2) any actions taken in the preceding year to carry out such strategies and the extent of progress achieved by such actions. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 594, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and ranking mem-ber of the full committee and express my excitement in talking about reform and real housing issues. If there is ever an issue that we, as Members of Congress, are confronted with when we go home to our districts, it is about people who need housing, about people who don’t have housing, about people who have poor housing, about seniors who need housing, about young families who need housing. I am delighted to be part of this ref-ormation that has been done by the Committee on Financial Services and to acknowledge the chairman and the ranking member of the subcommittee from which this comes and to con-gratulate this bipartisan process. I am delighted to offer an amend-ment. I thank the Rules Committee for making it in order, for I think it adds to the improvement of some of the issues that we are confronted with. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.066 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH476 February 2, 2016 
My amendment indicates that the Secretary of Housing and Urban Devel-opment, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Labor and with other rel-evant agencies, shall submit a report to Congress annually that goes to the heart of some of the issues unaddressed of interagency strategies of such de-partments that are designed to im-prove family economic empowerment by linking housing assistance with es-sential supportive services, such as em-ployment, counseling, training, finan-cial education and growth, child care, transportation, meals, youth rec-reational activities, and other sup-portive services. It goes on to say: any actions taken in the preceding year to carry out such strategies and the extent of progress achieved by such actions. My amendment recognizes that, in addition to housing connecting low-in-come families to job training and sup-portive services, such as child care, transportation, it is key to enabling families across the country—from Texas to California, from New York to California—to access employment and other services that foster upward eco-nomic mobility and family stability. It allows them to look at their family structure and at people who are in need. My amendment acknowledges and recognizes that helping families achieve economic empowerment re-quires interagency collaboration. Let me cite, Mr. Chairman, two sup-portive letters from the National Coa-lition for the Homeless and from the Heartland Alliance, which are sup-porting this constructive and instruc-tive amendment to find out what our families need to be strong. 
LEADING HOUSTON HOME, February 2, 2016. Speaker P
AULRYAN, Washington, DC. Hon. B
LAINE LUETKEMEYER , Chairman, Subcommittee on Housing and Insur-ance Financial Services Committee, Wash-ington, DC. Democratic Leader N
ANCY PELOSI , Washington, DC. Hon. E
MANUEL CLEAVER , Ranking Member, Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance Financial Services Committee, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : The Coalition for the Homeless of Houston/ Harris County is dedicated to preventing and ending homelessness in Houston, Harris County, and Fort Bend County. We are writ-ing in support of H.R. 3700, the Housing Op-portunity through Modernization Act. The proposed legislation includes many provi-sions that would increase the efficiency and effectiveness of critical rental assistance programs that serve extremely low-income households. In particular, we are writing in support of Amendment Four, submitted by Congress-woman Sheila Jackson Lee (TX–18) to the Rules Committee. Representative Jackson Lee’s Amendment Four directs the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to work with the Secretary of Labor to produce an annual report on interagency strategies to strengthen family economic empower-ment by linking housing with essential sup-portive services such as employment coun-seling and training, financial growth, childcare, transportation, meals, and other support services. Representative Jackson Lee’s amendment recognizes that in addition to housing, con-necting low-income families to job training and supportive services are key to helping families access employment and economic opportunity and achieve stability. Rep-resentative Jackson Lee’s amendment also recognizes that helping families achieve eco-nomic empowerment requires interagency collaboration. We know that public systems are better at solving big problems when they work together to share capacity, knowledge, and resources. We commend Representative Jackson Lee for encouraging systems col-laboration to help ensure that low-income families succeed in housing and employment. We further encourage HUD to collaborate with the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Agriculture, as these agencies can offer families critical supports such as child care and nutrition as-sistance that are necessary for success. The Coalition for the Homeless of Houston/ Harris County, as a leader of The Way Home, the collaborative model to prevent and end homelessness in Houston, Harris County, and Fort Bend County knows the importance of interagency collaboration and the incredible successes that can be achieved as a result of shared capacity, knowledge and resources. We have made tremendous progress in our community and are happy to serve as a re-source moving forward. Thank you for recog-nizing the important role of employment in helping low-income families achieve housing and financial stability. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Marilyn Brown (mbrown@homelesshouston.org), President/ CEO of the Coalition for the Homeless of Houston/Harris County. Sincerely, MARILYN L. B ROWN , President/CEO. 
HEARTLAND ALLIANCE NATIONAL  I
NITIATIVES , February 1, 2016. Speaker P
AULRYAN, Washington, DC. Hon. B
LAINE LUETKEMEYER , Chairman, Subcommittee on Housing and Insur-ance Financial Services Committee, Wash-ington, DC. Democratic Leader N
ANCY PELOSI , Washington, DC. Hon. E
MANUEL CLEAVER , Ranking Member, Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance Financial Services Committee, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI , Heartland Alliance’s National Initiatives on Poverty & Economic Opportunity is dedi-cated ending chronic unemployment and poverty. We are writing in support of H.R. 3700, the Housing Opportunity through Mod-ernization Act. The proposed legislation in-cludes many provisions that would increase the efficiency and effectiveness of critical rental assistance programs that serve ex-tremely low-income households. In particular, we are writing in support of Amendment Four, submitted by Congress-woman Sheila Jackson Lee’s (TX–18) to the Rules Committee. Representative Jackson Lee’s Amendment Four directs the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to work with the Secretary of Labor to produce an annual report on interagency strategies to strengthen family economic empowerment by linking housing with essential supportive services such as employment counseling and training, financial growth, childcare, trans-portation, meals, and other support services. Representative Jackson Lee’s amendment recognizes that in addition to housing, con-necting low-income families to job training and supportive services such as childcare and transportation are key to helping these fam-ilies access employment and economic op-portunity and achieve stability. Representa-tive Jackson Lee’s amendment also recog-nizes that helping families achieve economic empowerment requires interagency collabo-ration. We know that public systems are bet-ter at solving big problems when they work together to share capacity, knowledge, and resources, and we commend Representative Jackson Lee for encouraging systems col-laboration to help ensure that low-income families can succeed in housing and employ-ment. We further encourage HUD to collabo-rate with the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Agri-culture, as these agencies can offer families critical supports such as child care and nu-trition assistance that are necessary to for employment success. Heartland Alliance’s National Initiatives Team has a number of resources and tools that can support efforts to help individuals and families facing barriers to employment succeed in the work. We are happy to serve as a resource moving forward, and thank you for recognizing the important role of em-ployment in helping low-income families achieve housing and financial stability. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Melissa Young, Director of Heart-land Alliance’s National Initiatives on Pov-erty & Economic Opportunity. Sincerely, MELISSA YOUNG , Director, Heartland Alliance’s National Initiatives on Pov-erty & Economic Op-portunity. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I am delighted to tell the story of Finney from the Houston Housing Authority where we gave her supportive services through the Family Sufficiency Program. She has gotten to the point of attaining a credit score of 640, and she is now a proud homeowner. What a legacy. So I would ask my colleagues to sup-port this amendment. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 2 minutes remaining. 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED  
BY MS . JACKSON LEE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, unfortunately, as my dear colleague from Guam missed her time in which to offer her amendment, I ask unani-mous consent to modify my amend-ment with the modification by the gen-tlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ), which I have placed at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the modification. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the amendment, add the fol-lowing: Page 55, after line 11, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 111. PREFERENCE FOR UNITED STATES CITIZENS OR NATIONALS. 
Section 214(a)(7) of the Housing and Com-munity Development Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 1436a(a)(7)) is amended by striking ‘‘such alien’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘any citizen or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.069 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H477 February 2, 2016 
national of the United States shall be enti-tled to a preference or priority in receiving financial assistance before any such alien who is otherwise eligible for assistance.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ). Ms. BORDALLO. I thank the gentle-woman from Texas for yielding. Mr. Chairman, my amendment fixes a misinterpretation of law and gives U.S. citizens and nationals a preference over migrants from the Republic of Palau, from the Republic of the Marshall Is-lands, and from the Federated States of Micronesia when receiving Federal aid. I continue to support allowing these migrants to receive housing assistance. Otherwise, our housing situation in Guam and in other affected jurisdic-tions would get even worse. However, it was not the intent of Congress to dis-place our citizens when it extended eli-gibility to migrants in 2000. Unfortunately, limited resources have led many U.S. citizens in Guam to be displaced by COFA migrants who have entered our country as a result of the Compact of Free Association. Guam’s local housing authority has in-dicated that demand for housing assist-ance far outweighs the resources avail-able. A recent Guam PDN article indicated that homeless data shows that local residents of Guam make up nearly 42 percent of the homeless on Guam, that 536 Chamorros, the indigenous people, and 42 Filipinos were considered home-less. I ask for the support of my amend-ment. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-tlewoman. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, first, in dealing with the amendment from the gentlewoman from Texas, I often don’t have an opportunity to work with her. I am happy to work with her on this matter and to recog-nize that this report could, indeed, add value. I think anything that we can do to help with family economic empower-ment in the areas that she has identi-fied, such as in employment counseling and training and the coordination of these areas, can be very valuable. I appreciate the gentlewoman’s amendment, and I am prepared to ac-cept it. The same is true for the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Guam (Ms. BORDALLO ). I am sorry she missed her oppor-tunity earlier, but I am glad she has her opportunity now. I am prepared to accept her amendment as well. I urge adoption. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Texas. I was very pleased to help out the gentlewoman from Guam, and I want to indicate that these are two amend-ments that stand on their own right. I close by indicating the purpose of the amendment offered by Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EEto again refer to Finney, a woman who tried to get a home. She stayed in the program and com-pleted the criteria that was needed for her to qualify. She earned wages of at least $20,000 and got that credit score and established a savings account of $1,000. This is what we are talking about with regard to supportive services. What we want to do is to emphasize employment counseling, financial edu-cation, growth, child care, transpor-tation, meals, youth recreational ac-tivities, and other supportive services. I am very glad to have the support, if you will, of the National Coalition for the Homeless of Houston, Harris Coun-ty, as well as of the Heartland Alliance to be able to say that this makes for a better roadmap for getting housing to people who are in need. I celebrate the fact that we are on the floor with this reform bill, talking about housing. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, let me ex-press my appreciation to Chairman L
UETKE -
MEYER and Ranking Member C LEAVER for their leadership, commitment and effort to mod-ernize and improve Federal Housing programs for millions of Americans who are working their way up to economic empowerment and stability. I also wish to thank Chairman S
ESSIONS , Ranking Member S
LAUGHTER , and the mem-bers of the Rules Committee for making in order Jackson Lee amendment Number 13. Mr. Chair, thank you for the opportunity to explain my amendment, which provides: The Secretary of Housing and Urban Devel-opment, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor and other relevant agencies, shall sub-mit a report to the Congress annually that de-scribes— (1) any interagency strategies of such De-partments that are designed to improve family economic empowerment by linking housing assistance with essential supportive services, such as employment counseling and training, financial education and growth, childcare, transportation, meals, youth recreational activi-ties, and other supportive services; and (2) any actions taken in the preceding year to carry out such strategies and the extent of progress achieved by such actions. Mr. Chair, my amendment recognizes that in addition to housing, connecting low-income families to job training and supportive services such as childcare and transportation are key to enabling families across the country from Texas to California access to employment and other services that foster upward economic mobility and family stability. Jackson Lee amendment Number 13 ac-knowledges and recognizes that helping fami-lies achieve economic empowerment requires interagency collaboration. I am pleased to submit into the RECORD let- ters supporting my amendment authored by the Coalition for the Homeless of Houston/ Harris County and the Heartland Alliance Na-tional Initiatives on Poverty and Economic Op-portunity. Mr. Chair, we all know that public systems are better at solving big problems when there is coordination amongst various implementing agencies motivated to work together to share capacity, knowledge, and resources. My amendment encourages agency collabo-ration to help ensure that low-income families can succeed in housing, in employment and in life. Interagency collaborations between agen-cies such as the Department of Labor, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services and the Department of Agriculture can offer families critical support such as child care and nutrition assistance that are necessary for family sta-bility and employment success. Livelihood and self-dignity are tied to em-ployment and employment is critical to achiev-ing financial independence and stability and stimulation of the economy. My amendment seeks to bridge the opportu-nities that abound when there is interagency/ intersystem collaboration and the success that can come about. Take for instance the success story of Fini Tuamokumo, a single mother of three children and former Housing Choice Voucher partici-pant, enrolled in the Houston Housing Authority’s Family Self-Sufficiency program (FSS). Among other supportive services, the Hous-ton Housing Authority’s FSS program facili-tates a pathway for public housing tenants to meet their individual goals by connecting them to community resources and homeownership assistance. Aspiring home owners like Fini receive sup-port and resources towards employment suc-cess and homeownership. I am proud to report that Fini began the process, stayed the course and completed the criteria needed to qualify for homeownership: earned wages of at least $20,000 per year, a credit score of 640 or higher, the establish-ment of an Individualized Development (sav-ings) Account with a minimum balance of $1,000, and completion of the FSS program’s Financial Literacy and First Time Home Own-ership classes. Fini is now a proud homeowner and can now pass on the legacy of the importance of a work ethic, grit and homeownership to her children. Fini is just one of many success stories of intersystem/interagency coordination as a nexus towards federal housing and economic empowerment. Mr. Chair, my amendment will create the space and opportunity for the economic mobil-ity of federal housing recipients through linking housing assistance with essential supportive services such as employment counseling and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.033 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH478 February 2, 2016 
opportunities, financial education and growth, childcare, transportation, meals, youth rec-reational activities and other supportive serv-ices. For all these reasons, I urge my colleagues to join me and support Jackson Lee Amend-ment Number 13. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . PRICE OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in House Report 114–411. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following new title: TITLE VI—HOUSING OPPORTUNITIES FOR PERSONS WITH AIDS 
SEC. 601. FORMULA AND TERMS FOR ALLOCA-TIONS TO PREVENT HOMELESSNESS FOR INDIVIDUALS LIVING WITH HIV OR AIDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 854 of the AIDS Housing Opportunity Act (42 U.S.C. 12903(c)) is amended by— (1) redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (5); and (2) striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) A
LLOCATION OF RESOURCES .— ‘‘(A) A
LLOCATION FORMULA .—The Secretary shall allocate 90 percent of the amount ap-proved in appropriations Acts under section 863 among States and metropolitan statis-tical areas as follows: ‘‘(I) 75 percent of such amounts among— ‘‘(I) cities that are the most populous unit of general local government in a metropoli-tan statistical area with a population great-er than 500,000, as determined on the basis of the most recent census, and with more than 2,000 individuals living with HIV or AIDS, using the data specified in subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(II) States with more than 2,000 individ-uals living with HIV or AIDS outside of met-ropolitan statistical areas. ‘‘(ii) 25 percent of such amounts among States and metropolitan statistical areas based on the method described in subpara-graph (C). ‘‘(B) S
OURCE OF DATA .—For purposes of al-locating amounts under this paragraph for any fiscal year, the number of individuals living with HIV or AIDS shall be the number of such individuals as confirmed by the Di-rector of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, as of December 31 of the most re-cent calendar year for which such data is available. ‘‘(C) A
LLOCATION UNDER SUBPARAGRAPH  (A)(ii).—For purposes of allocating amounts under subparagraph (A)(ii), the Secretary shall develop a method that accounts for— ‘‘(I) differences in housing costs among States and metropolitan statistical areas based on the fair market rental established pursuant to section 8(c) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(c)) or an-other methodology established by the Sec-retary through regulation; and ‘‘(ii) differences in poverty rates among States and metropolitan statistical areas based on area poverty indexes or another methodology established by the Secretary through regulation. ‘‘(2) MAINTAINING GRANTS .— ‘‘(A) C
ONTINUED ELIGIBILITY OF FISCAL YEAR  
2016 GRANTEES .—A grantee that received an allocation in fiscal year 2016 shall continue to be eligible for allocations under paragraph (1) in subsequent fiscal years, subject to— ‘‘(I) the amounts available from appropria-tions Acts under section 863; ‘‘(ii) approval by the Secretary of the most recent comprehensive housing affordability strategy for the grantee approved under sec-tion 105; and ‘‘(iii) the requirements of subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENTS .—Allocations to grant-ees described in subparagraph (A) shall be adjusted annually based on the administra-tive provisions included in fiscal year 2016 appropriations Acts. ‘‘(C) R
EDETERMINATION OF CONTINUED ELIGI -
BILITY .—The Secretary shall redetermine the continued eligibility of a grantee that re-ceived an allocation in fiscal year 2016 at least once during the 10-year period fol-lowing fiscal year 2016. ‘‘(D) A
DJUSTMENT TO GRANTS .—For each of fiscal years 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021, the Secretary shall ensure that a grantee that received an allocation in the prior fiscal year does not receive an allocation that is 5 per-cent less than or 10 percent greater than the amount allocated to such grantee in the pre-ceding fiscal year. ‘‘(3) A
LTERNATIVE GRANTEES .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary may award funds reserved for a grantee eligible under paragraph (1) to an alternative grantee if— ‘‘(I) the grantee submits to the Secretary a written agreement between the grantee and the alternative grantee that describes how the alternative grantee will take actions consistent with the applicable comprehen-sive housing affordability strategy approved under section 105 of this Act; ‘‘(ii) the Secretary approves the written agreement described in clause (I) and agrees to award funds to the alternative grantee; and ‘‘(iii) the written agreement does not ex-ceed a term of 10 years. ‘‘(B) R
ENEWAL .—An agreement approved pursuant to subparagraph (A) may be re-newed by the parties with the approval of the Secretary. ‘‘(C) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘alternative grantee’ means a public housing agency (as defined in section 3(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b))), a unified funding agency (as defined in section 401 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11360)), a State, a unit of general local government, or an instrumentality of State or local govern-ment. ‘‘(4) R
EALLOCATIONS .—If a State or metro-politan statistical area declines an alloca-tion under paragraph (1)(A), or the Secretary determines, in accordance with criteria spec-ified in regulation, that a State or metro-politan statistical area that is eligible for an allocation under paragraph (1)(A) is unable to properly administer such allocation, the Secretary shall reallocate any funds reserved for such State or metropolitan statistical area as follows: ‘‘(A) For funds reserved for a State— ‘‘(I) to eligible metropolitan statistical areas within the State on a pro rata basis; or ‘‘(ii) if there is no eligible metropolitan statistical areas within a State, to metro-politan cities and urban counties within the State that are eligible for grant under sec-tion 106 of the Housing and Community De-velopment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5306), on a pro rata basis. ‘‘(B) For funds reserved for a metropolitan statistical area, to the State in which the metropolitan statistical area is located. ‘‘(C) If the Secretary is unable to make a reallocation under subparagraph (A) or (B), the Secretary shall make such funds avail-able on a pro rata basis under the formula in paragraph (1)(A).’’. (b) AMENDMENT TO DEFINITIONS .—Section 853 of the AIDS Housing Opportunity Act (42 U.S.C. 12902) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or ‘AIDS’’’ before ‘‘means’’; and (2) by inserting at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(15) The term ‘HIV’ means infection with the human immunodeficiency virus. ‘‘(16) The term ‘individuals living with HIV or AIDS’ means, with respect to the count-ing of cases in a geographic area during a pe-riod of time, the sum of— ‘‘(A) the number of living non-AIDS cases of HIV in the area; and ‘‘(B) the number of living cases of AIDS in the area.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 594, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I am offering this amend-ment on behalf of our colleague from Alabama (Mr. A
DERHOLT ) and myself. I thank the chairman, the ranking member, and the staffs on both sides for their cooperation in moving this amendment forward. This is a bipartisan amendment that provides a long, overdue update to HUD’s statutory funding formula for the Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS Program, also known as HOPWA. HOPWA is the only Federal program that is solely dedicated to providing housing assistance and related sup-portive services for low-income people and their families who are living with HIV/AIDS. In short, this amendment would base the distribution of HOPWA funds on the current number of people who are living with HIV/AIDS, who desperately need this support. This would replace the current for-mula based, incredibly, on the cumu-lative number of AIDS cases since the epidemic began decades ago. Last year more than 50 percent of the people counted in the HOPWA formula were deceased. To say the least, this has drastically reduced HOPWA’s ability to aid juris-dictions where the present need is most acute. This is particularly true in rural areas and in cities that are currently bearing the brunt of the HIV/AIDS epi-demic. Mr. Chairman, Congress has sensibly adjusted other AIDS support programs, including the Ryan White program. So formula funds are distributed based on the number of living HIV and AIDS cases in a given jurisdiction. Only the HOPWA formula remains out of whack, and it is denying thousands of those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.036 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H479 February 2, 2016 
with HIV/AIDS the housing support they need. The Price-Aderholt amendment makes three changes to the current HOPWA formula: Firstly, it utilizes living HIV/AIDS cases as the major basis of funding dis-tribution, consistent with changes made to the Ryan White program. Secondly, it directs HUD to take into consideration housing costs and local poverty rates to ensure the HOPWA program can better address varied housing needs within jurisdictions. Thirdly, the amendment provides for a gradual implementation of the new funding formula over 5 years in order to ensure that jurisdictions have ade-quate time to adjust to the new fund-ing levels. A stop-loss provision is also included so that no jurisdiction can lose more than 5 percent of its funding or gain more than 10 percent of its funding on a year-over-year basis. Mr. Chairman, ever since 1997, the Government Accountability Office has identified the need to update the HOPWA formula. The Department of Housing and Urban Development has included similar proposals to update the formula in its budget requests year after year. According to the Depart-ment’s most recent formula projec-tions, 115 out of 139 jurisdictions in this country would benefit under the pro-posed formula change. The AIDS advocacy community also supports updating the HOPWA formula to account for living cases of HIV/ AIDS. These groups include the Na-tional AIDS Housing Coalition, AIDS United, the National Low Income Housing Coalition, and the AIDS Insti-tute. In closing, this bipartisan amend-ment will ensure that our existing Fed-eral dollars, without additional spend-ing or new revenue, are allocated most efficiently and most effectively and most fairly to help those who are living with HIV/AIDS. HOPWA is often the difference be-tween homelessness and access to life-saving treatment for low-income peo-ple with this awful disease. It is long past time to update the HOPWA for-mula to bring it in line with Ryan White and other AIDS support pro-grams. So I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. b1715 Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, for more than 20 years, I have been an adamant sup-porter of HOPWA. I share many of Mr. P
RICE’s concerns about the outdated formula for how HOPWA funding is al-located. However, I cannot support this amendment. The current formula’s reliance on cu-mulative AIDS cases is problematic and does need to be updated to better reflect the new reality of the incidence of the disease. Mr. PRICE’s proposal, while well in-tended, will just shift scarce resources around, cutting off thousands of cur-rent beneficiaries to move the money to different parts of the country. If the amendment changed the for-mula for new HOPWA funds, if there were new HOPWA funds, it would be more acceptable, but the amendment would shift existing funds on which people now rely. New York City is a stark example. This formula change would eventually cut the city’s annual HOPWA funding by nearly 25 percent. That cut would translate into real people. A quarter of New Yorkers living with AIDS and currently receiving HOPWA support for their housing would be thrown out of their homes. We are talking about people living with AIDS with HOPWA support being ousted from their present homes. I understand that people in many areas living with AIDS need housing, but Congress should be focused on growing HOPWA and expanding the number of people enrolled in the pro-gram, not on throwing more people liv-ing with AIDS out of their present homes. If people living with AIDS in Mr. P
RICE’s district and in other districts need more HOPWA funding—and they do—Congress should provide it to them without depriving people living with AIDS in New York, Atlanta, and San Francisco of their existing housing. Rather than shifting around limited pools of money and helping homeless people in one part of the country by creating more homelessness in another part of the country, we should be in-creasing funding for HOPWA to meet the actual needs of the people living with AIDS in the United States. That is why every year I offer an amendment to the T-HUD appropria-tions bill increasing HOPWA funding and will continue to do so. I recognize Mr. P
RICE’s hard work and long years of advocacy for HOPWA, but I cannot support this amendment as written today. I hope that, going forward through regular legislative order, we can iden-tify a fair, equitable formula update that does not harm current bene-ficiaries, that is to say, harm people living with AIDS because of their HOPWA funding in their homes today. Mr. PRICE OF North Carolina. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. NADLER. I yield to the gen-tleman from North Carolina. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I inadvertently used the last minute of my time that I hoped to yield to Mr. Q
UIGLEY . I wonder if the gentleman might yield to Mr. Q
UIGLEY . Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, do I have 1 minute remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York has 1 minute remain-ing. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. QUIGLEY ). Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Price-Aderholt amendment, which seeks to modernize the Housing for Persons with AIDS Program to better reflect the current case concentration and understanding of HIV/AIDS. This will help ensure that funds are directed in a more equitable and effec-tive manner. The AIDS population in Chicago certainly stands to benefit from such an update. The HOPWA program is a national safety net for people battling HIV/ AIDS, providing competitive formula grants since 1992. HOPWA prevents homelessness and permits thousands of households coping with the debilitating and impoverishing impact of HIV/AIDS to access and remain in care. It is also a proven prevention mecha-nism by helping people achieve lower viral loads, thus becoming less infec-tious. This is the foundation for better individual and community health out-comes. It is time for us to change the HOPWA distribution formula from one based on cumulative HIV/AIDS cases to a more updated formula based on cur-rent HIV/AIDS cases that reflect to-day’s needs. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amend-ment. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). The amendment was agreed to. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–411 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 7 by Mr. P
ALAZZO of Mississippi. Amendment No. 12 by Mr. A
LGREEN  of Texas. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . PALAZZO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.073 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH480 February 2, 2016 
The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 236, noes 178, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 50] AYES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—178 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) NOT VOTING—19 
Beyer Castro (TX) Fattah Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Huizenga (MI) Johnson (GA) Lofgren Marchant Massie McCaul McDermott Moulton Roby Roybal-Allard Sinema Smith (WA) Takai Westmoreland 
b1740 Mr. ASHFORD, Ms. DUCKWORTH, Messrs. KEATING and SANFORD changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. RIGELL changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 50, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Stated against: Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, dur-ing Rollcall vote No. 50 on the Pazazzo Amendment, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . AL GREEN  
OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 181, noes 239, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 51] AYES—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.075 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H481 February 2, 2016 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schakowsky Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—13 
Castro (TX) DeSaulnier Fattah Green, Gene Huizenga (MI) Lowenthal Massie McDermott Meeks Moulton Mulvaney Smith (WA) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1744 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chair, during roll-call Vote No. 51 on H.R. 3700, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, dur-ing rollcall vote No. 51 on the Al Green amendment, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) having assumed the chair, Mr. P
OEof Texas, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 3700) to provide housing opportunities in the United States through modernization of var-ious housing programs, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Reso-lution 594, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, and the order of the House of January 25, 2016, this 5-minute vote on passage of H.R. 3700 will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of H.R. 3762, the objections of the President to the contrary not-withstanding, and passage of H.R. 3662. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 427, nays 0, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 52] YEAS—427 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.040 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH482 February 2, 2016 
Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—6 
Castro (TX) Fattah Massie McDermott Smith (WA) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1752 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VETO MESSAGE ON H.R. 3762, RE-STORING AMERICANS’ HEALTHCARE FREEDOM REC-ONCILIATION ACT OF 2015 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question whether the House, on reconsideration, will pass the bill (H.R. 3762) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, the objec-tions of the President to the contrary notwithstanding. In accord with the Constitution, the yeas and nays are ordered. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 241, nays 186, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 53] YEAS—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—186 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—6 
Castro (TX) Fattah Massie McDermott Smith (WA) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1758 So (two-thirds not being in the af-firmative) the veto of the President was sustained and the bill was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The veto message and the bill are referred to the Committee on the Budget. The Clerk will notify the Senate of the action of the House. 
f 
IRAN TERROR FINANCE TRANSPARENCY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Mon-day, January 25, 2016, the unfinished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 3662) to enhance congres-sional oversight over the administra-tion of sanctions against certain Ira-nian terrorism financiers, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 246, nays 181, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 54] YEAS—246 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.043 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H483 February 2, 2016 
Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—6 
Castro (TX) Fattah Massie McDermott Smith (WA) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1804 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on Roll Call No. 50 on the Palazzo Amendment to H.R. 3700, Hous-ing Opportunity Through Modernization Act of 2015. I am not recorded because I was absent due to the birth of my son in San Antonio, Texas. Had I been present I would have voted NAY. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on Roll Call No. 51 on the Al Green of Texas Amendment to H.R. 3700, Housing Oppor-tunity Through Modernization Act of 2015. I am not recorded because I was absent due to the birth of my son in San Antonio, Texas. Had I been present I would have voted AYE. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on Roll Call No. 52 on HR. 3700, Housing Oppor-tunity Through Modernization Act of 2015. I am not recorded because I was absent due to the birth of my son in San Antonio, Texas. Had I been present I would have voted AYE. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on Roll Call No. 53 on H.R. 3762, the Objections of the President Notwithstanding (Veto Over-ride). I am not recorded because I was absent due to the birth of my son in San Antonio, Texas. Had I been present I would have voted NAY. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on Roll Call No. 54 on H.R. 3662—Iran Terror Fi-nance Transparency Act. I am not recorded because I was absent due to the birth of my son in San Antonio, Texas. Had I been present I would have voted NAY. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall vote 51 (On the Al Green of Texas Amend-ment to H.R. 3700), had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ On rollcall vote 52 (On final passage of H.R. 3700), had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ On rollcall vote 53 (On passage of H.R. 3762), the Objections of the President Not-withstanding (Veto Override)), had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ On rollcall vote 54 (On passage of H.R. 3662), had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1675, ENCOURAGING EM-PLOYEE OWNERSHIP ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.R. 766, FINANCIAL INSTITUTION CUSTOMER PRO-TECTION ACT OF 2015 Mr. STIVERS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–414) on the resolution (H. Res. 595) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1675) to direct the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission to re-vise its rules so as to increase the threshold amount for requiring issuers to provide certain disclosures relating to compensatory benefit plans, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 766) to provide requirements for the appropriate Federal banking agen-cies when requesting or ordering a de-pository institution to terminate a spe-cific customer account, to provide for additional requirements related to sub-poenas issued under the Financial In-stitutions Reform, Recovery, and En-forcement Act of 1989, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA’S FISCAL YEAR 2016 BUDGET AND FINAN-CIAL PLAN—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–96) The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. M
CSALLY ) laid before the House the fol-lowing message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying pa-pers, referred to the Committee on Ap-propriations and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to my constitutional au-thority and as contemplated by section 446 of the District of Columbia Self- Government and Governmental Reor-ganization Act as amended in 1989, I am transmitting the District of Colum-bia’s fiscal year (FY) 2016 Budget and Financial Plan. This transmittal does not represent an endorsement of the contents of the D.C. government’s re-quests. The proposed FY 2016 Budget and Fi-nancial Plan reflects the major pro-grammatic objectives of the Mayor and the Council of the District of Colum-bia. For FY 2016, the District estimates total revenues and expenditures of $13.0 billion. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 2, 2016. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AMERICAN HEART MONTH (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.044 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH484 February 2, 2016 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Madam Speak-er, I rise today to recognize February as American Heart Month. According to the American Heart As-sociation, one out of every four deaths in our great country is cardiac-related, and you may be surprised to hear that heart disease claims more female vic-tims than any other disease. But the real tragedy, Madam Speak-er, is that so many of these deaths are preventable. America’s amazing med-ical researchers, doctors, and nurses have been doing their part to stop heart disease and save lives. It is time for the rest of us to step up and do our part. Remember that even small improvements in diet and exer-cise can have big impacts on your heart health and overall well-being. So as you think of your Valentine later this month, don’t forget to love your heart, too. 
f 
WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Madam Speaker, it has been over 3 years since the Carl D. Perkins Act expired, the primary source of funding for workforce devel-opment programs across the country. We now have the opportunity to re-make Perkins in a way that works for the 21st century economy. Perkins re-authorization must deliver student- centered education that provides 21st century skills for successful careers. Across the country students continue to seek out career pathways, but fund-ing has been reduced from its peak level in 2010 of $1.3 billion. If we fail to match this demand for CTE, we run the risk of our economy falling behind as companies pursue skilled workers in other parts of the world. Madam Speaker, our country and our economy need a Perkins reauthoriza-tion that focuses on skills that matter and work that pays, skills that matter and work that pays. Let’s get this done. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTER (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Madam Speaker, this afternoon Jacqueline Taylor of the Texas Gulf Coast Small Business De-velopment Center Network stopped by to share a story about the American Dream. The dreamer’s name is Derrick Har-ris. His company is called Soaring With Eagles. Derrick had a hard time mak-ing his company grow. He got advice about marketing and sales from Todd Scott of the local SBDC. Shortly after, Derrick was awarded contracts with the Pearland and Pasadena Inde-pendent School Districts. He now em-ploys over 30 people. He said: I tell every business owner I meet to contact their local SBDC. Their assistance has made a huge dif-ference in my business. That is the American Dream, and that is the local SBDC. f 
WORLD WAR I DOUGHBOY TEXAN CORPORAL SAMUEL SAMPLER (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, the brutal trench hand-to-hand combat of World War I claimed more American lives than Vietnam and Korea com-bined. The war to end all wars between European monarchies was at a stand-still until the United States entered the war. Texas boys like Corporal Samuel Sampler stood up and fought over there across the sea to successfully break the deadlocked war. On October 18, 1918, in France, this young Army corporal became the third Texan in World War I to be awarded the Medal of Honor. When his company suffered severe, devastating casualties during an ad-vance, Sampler took action. Grenades in hand, he left the line and rushed in through enemy machinegun fire until he engaged the enemy directly. His grenades hit the target, killing two and silencing all the machineguns. Twenty-eight other Germans surren-dered, allowing the American dough-boys to resume their advance. The 100-year anniversary of the great war is upon us. We remember Texans like Sampler and all Americans who proudly served our country in lands far away 100 years ago and won the ulti-mate victory in World War I. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING FORMER CONGRESSMAN TOM BLILEY (Mr. BRAT asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BRAT. Madam Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to honor my friend, former Congressman Tom Bliley, who proudly represented Vir-ginia’s Seventh District for 20 consecu-tive years, on the occasion of his 84th birthday. He began his political career in 1968, when he was elected to the City Coun-cil of Richmond, Virginia, moving on to serve as mayor from 1970 to 1977. He was elected to his first congres-sional term in 1980, and under a Demo-cratic President he helped pass legisla-tion that modernized the regulation of pharmaceuticals, telecommunications, and the financial markets. I hope he had a wonderful birthday, and I wish him many more. PROTECT TRAFFICKING VICTIMS AT THE SUPER BOWL (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Madam Speaker, the trafficking of young girls and boys con-tinues to be a crime that plagues many of our communities. While I am proud to have led efforts last year to help pass important legis-lation to combat this problem, law en-forcement on the ground needs to re-main vigilant to stop this horrific crime. With the Super Bowl taking place on Sunday in California, concerns are once again being raised that traffickers will bring children in from out of town for exploitation. It is also an opportunity for law en-forcement to reach out to these vic-tims to try to bring them out of the shadows and bring traffickers to jus-tice. That is why it is encouraging to see the FBI take a different victim-cen-tered approach this year that focuses on first gaining the trust of young vic-tims, sometimes as young as 12, 13, and 14 years old. This helps victims get the services they need and brings the traf-fickers to justice with their arrest. Madam Speaker, a victim-centered approach is the right way to attack this problem. I commend the FBI on their efforts during the Super Bowl this week. f 
CONTINUING THE CRUSADE AGAINST BOKO HARAM (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, almost 2 years ago I led a bipartisan delegation, the first congressional dele-gation, to Nigeria to assess and address the crisis of Boko Haram. At that time, it was in the imme-diate aftermath of the taking of the Chibok girls in a previous administra-tion. Boko Haram was doing the kind of raiding and rabble-rousing that may have been part of burning villages. That time has now passed. And in the last 48 hours, Boko Haram poured gaso-line on children and burned them. Boko Haram has now become a marauding and crusading, vile, evil, and vicious group. It takes in the space and areas of Nigeria, Cameroon, Chad, and Niger. It is important for us, as Members of Congress working with the administra-tion, to call upon these nations to again collaborate and work together. They have pledged their support to ISIL. I am very glad that, in the course of the Homeland Security Committee, Judiciary Committee, Intelligence Committee, Armed Forces Committee, Boko Haram is not going to get away. There will not be boots on the ground, but we must stomp out Boko 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.086 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H485 February 2, 2016 
Haram because they are killing chil-dren all in Africa and they are das-tardly committers of violence against civil society. 
f 
b1815 PALESTINIAN TERRORISTS REMAIN UNPROSECUTED The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, news has come out, February 2, Groundhog Day, in this article from Adam Kredo entitled, ‘‘The Obama Ad-ministration Has Not Prosecuted a Sin-gle Palestinian Terrorist Who Killed Americans.’’ ‘‘The Obama administration has not prosecuted a single Palestinian ter-rorist responsible for killing Ameri-cans abroad, despite a congressional mandate ordering the Justice Depart-ment to take action against these indi-viduals’’ . . . ‘‘Palestinian terrorists have murdered at least 64 Americans, including two unborn children, since 1993. Yet the U.S. Government has failed to take legal action against those who committed the crimes, law-makers disclosed during a Tuesday hearing on the Justice Department’s failure to live up to its mandate to bring these terrorists to justice. ‘‘Many of the terrorists continue to roam free across the Middle East, with one hosting a Hamas-affiliated tele-vision show in Jordan. ‘‘With criticism mounting from Con-gress and U.S. victims of terrorism, Justice Department officials say they are working to initiate cases, but warn that this could take ‘many years’ to play out. ‘‘The Justice Department has repeat-edly declined to comment when faced with questions from Congress about the lack of prosecutions, according to Representative R
ONDESANTIS of Flor-ida, chair of the House Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee on National Security. ‘‘The Justice Department ‘has not been able to cite one example for this committee of even a single terrorist who has been prosecuted in the U.S. for any of the 64 attacks against Ameri-cans in Israel,’ DeSantis said. ‘Indeed, many of these terrorists roam free as the result of prisoner exchanges or eva-sion. ‘‘‘This is not what Congress in-tended’ when it created the DOJ’s Of-fice of Justice for Victims of Overseas Terrorism in 2005,’ DeSantis added. ‘This is not what the American people want, and this does not provide justice to the victims’ families that has been so tragically elusive.’ ‘‘The Justice Department has sought to evade questions about its failure to prosecute known terrorists responsible for the murder of U.S. citizens. ‘‘This includes its failure to level charges against Ahlam Tamimi, the Palestinian woman responsible for blowing up a Jerusalem pizza shop in 2001. The attacks killed 15, including a pregnant American woman. Tamimi currently resides in Jordan and hosts a television show on the Hamas-owned Al Quds station. ‘‘‘When the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee questioned the Department of Justice about this case, the Department declined to com-ment,’ DeSantis said. ‘If in fact bring-ing to justice the perpetrators of ter-rorism against Americans in Israel is a high priority for the DOJ, then surely people of this nature should be pros-ecuted for their crimes.’’’ . . . ‘‘Amer-ican victims of terrorist attacks abroad who testified at the hearing of-fered sharp criticism of the Justice De-partment for failing to take on terror-ists in the U.S. courts. ‘‘Sari Singer, who was injured in a 2003 Palestinian terror attack on a bus in Jerusalem, said that she has lost faith in the government.’’ Singer said, ‘‘I grew up believing that my country would be there for me and protect me no matter where I was in the world. These last years have left me feeling let down.’’ I would insert parenthetically, Madam Speaker, that she shares that same feeling with the victims in our State Department of the attacks at Benghazi, and the many hours people waited thinking surely our government will come to our aid. So it sounds like victims of terrorists abroad share this, whether it is from Benghazi or whether it is from other terrorist attacks, that the administra-tion is not going to be there for you. The article goes on: ‘‘Peter Schwartz, whose nephew Ezra was shot in the head by a Palestinian terrorist in No-vember 2015, said that the Obama ad-ministration has not been forthcoming about any potential investigations into the incident’’ . . . ‘‘The Obama admin-istration was criticized in August when it sought to limit the restitution American victims of terrorism could receive. The administration argued in a legal briefing issued to the court that a large cash award to these victims could complicate the administration’s efforts to foster peace between Israel and the Palestinians.’’ Clearly, the administration’s inter-ests, as Sari Singer observed, is not with American victims of foreign ter-rorism. It is with the foreign terrorists that maybe if we sidle up to them enough, maybe if we will be nice to them and not punish them, then maybe they won’t keep killing American citi-zens. That is false thinking. Madam Speaker, I can’t help but think as we find out this week that this administration has released $100 billion to the largest supporter of ter-rorism in the world—Iran—and Iran has made clear that once they got this money from the Obama administration that they were going to increase their help to terrorists like Hamas and Hezbollah. In other words, they told us in advance that when America cedes to Iran $100 billion extra, they are going to be able to help more terrorists com-mit more of their acts of terrorism. Now, back when I was a judge or even back years and years ago as a pros-ecutor, we always approached cases that if you assisted somebody, say you gave them money, and they told you before you gave them the money that they are going to use some of this money to commit a criminal act, then we always felt like you could prosecute those people. Jurors could bear that out because if you knowingly aid, as-sist—even encourage—you don’t even have to give them money. If you just encourage them to commit a violent act or encourage them to go about what they plan to do, and they already said, ‘‘We plan to commit more ter-rorism with what you give us,’’ then you were an accomplice. Under the laws federally, and as well as in the laws I am aware of in most States, cer-tainly in Texas, you would be charged as a principal. So if you gave money to someone knowing that they said, ‘‘We are going to use money and help kill people and help terrorism,’’ and then they committed the terrorism, you could be convicted of the same ter-rorism of those you gave the money to help. It is interesting that those principles seem to apply to all other Americans, but this administration feels surely they won’t apply to this administra-tion. Sure, Iran has said they are going to support more terrorism once they get all this extra money from the Obama administration. But apparently the Obama administration, according to these pleadings they filed, if you just be nice to the terrorists, let them keep their own money, gee, they will probably quit killing Americans. It doesn’t work that way. Let’s take a look at who this admin-istration, this Commander in Chief’s administration, is willing to punish. I have a letter here that was sent by my friend, our fellow colleague, D
UNCAN  H
UNTER , to the chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee when he dis-cusses Sergeant First Class Charles Martland and points out he is consid-ered a first-rate warrior. ‘‘While in Afghanistan in 2011, at a remote outpost, Martland confronted an Afghan Local Police commander for kidnapping a young boy and raping him repeatedly over several days. The issue was brought to the attention of Martland and his fellow soldiers after the boy’s mother asked for help, after she also was attacked by the ALP—or Afghan Local Police—commander. b1830 ‘‘When Martland and Captain Danny Quinn confronted the rapist, he admit-ted to the charge and laughed in their faces—at which point Martland and Quinn took matters into their own hands. This occurred after two separate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.087 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH486 February 2, 2016 
but similar human rights violations, including another rape, near the out-post, resulting in no punitive action whatsoever. ‘‘The Afghan Local Police com-mander was dragged to the perimeter gate, where he was thrown out and told never to come back. It is important to note that the Afghan Local Police com-mander left on his own, only to delib-erately exaggerate his injuries. Mul-tiple sources have confirmed this fact, including a linguist and authorities who were never interviewed by Army investigators after the incident. ‘‘For this action, Martland was re-moved from the outpost and faced rep-rimand. He later was allowed to reen-list, only to face a Qualitative Manage-ment Program review board in Feb-ruary 2015.’’ That would be a year ago. ‘‘The Army argued that the black mark on his record, which states he as-saulted ‘a corrupt Afghan commander’ is cause to expel him from duty, de-spite the fact that he has the full sup-port of his command and immediate leadership. In fact, the Department of Defense Inspector General reported to me that’’—this is a letter from D
UNCAN  H
UNTER —‘‘‘personnel are very sup-portive of the Sergeant and his efforts to remain in the U.S. Army. . . .’ And there continue to be efforts within his command to not ’inadvertently hamper his efforts.’ This was in response to an alleged gag order put on Martland and his fellow soldiers’’—apparently, about trying to stop the rapes that were going on in Afghanistan. ‘‘Importantly, Martland was per-mitted to resubmit an appeal to the Qualitative Management Program de-cision after his first appeal was denied outright. And recently, a decision within Army Human Resources Com-mand recommended that the Army up-hold the judgment that Martland be re-moved from service, although a final decision has yet to be made about his future.’’ Madam Speaker, we have an Amer-ican hero in Sergeant First Class Charles Martland. Dragging a child rapist out of the confined area that this child rapist was using to be a se-rial rapist, doing harm to children in Afghanistan, is an act of heroism, not an act to be condemned. In fact, courts I am aware of, certainly juries in Texas, would say that was acting in de-fense of a third person. This man is guilty of nothing except a heroic act to save children and women from being raped by a corrupt police commander. But under this administration, where we give money to supporters of ter-rorism, the largest supporters of ter-rorism in the world, and where we beg courts not to give large reimburse-ments to victims of terrorism, our own American victims of foreign terrorism because that might not help, it might make the foreign terrorists mad if they have a judgment against them, then it seems like this is perfectly consistent with the policies of this administra-tion. We give money to terrorists who say they are going to use it to support terrorism; we don’t give money to vic-tims of terrorism. In fact, this administration should have done what the House passed and implored the administration to do, and that is to make sure that not a dime was allowed to be released to Iran until the verdicts outstanding against Iran by American victims of Iranian ter-rorism were paid first. But in its haste to get all this money to those who say they are going to use a bunch of it to support terrorism, the American vic-tims were left in the lurch. It is more than irresponsible. It is unconscionable what has been going on. At some point, people in this admin-istration have got to figure out what most of the American people have fig-ured out, and that is you are not going to stop terrorism by trying to be sweet and kind to the terrorists. Some of us learned it on the playground growing up. I guess now that the Federal Gov-ernment has control of education to such an extent that schools are forced to teach to the test—I have even had elementary schools tell me: We have had to do away with recess in elemen-tary school because we just don’t have time. We have got to teach them to the test so that we can get that Federal money and we can stay open. But if you allow recess and kids are on the playground and you have kids that were smaller like I was, you learn you are not going to stop bullying by giving your money to a bully. If you give a bully money, not only do they not respect you, they have more con-tempt and it encourages their bullying. You can’t do that. You have to stand up to bullying. You find out when you do that, sometimes you will have a teacher, like my fifth grade teacher, that took up for the bullies, but you will ultimately find more teachers will not tolerate that kind of conduct. This administration never learned that. Maybe there was no chance to learn that in the young schools in In-donesia. Maybe that is why we have a Commander in Chief that thinks we should reward the terrorists, the sup-porters of terrorism, and punish the victims of terrorism by not letting them have proper financial restitution. But it is tragic what is going on. It is tragic. There are a number of stories about Sergeant Martland, including from my friend Jay Sekulow. He said: ‘‘Yet, for his actions, he was imme-diately pulled from the battlefield and this decorated war hero is now facing expulsion from the military.’’ This administration’s priorities are so completely out of step with truth, justice, and the American way—what used to be the American way. Perhaps the American way has been fundamen-tally transformed in the last 7 years, so now the American way has become that we help terrorists, give them money, and we punish those who are victims. Well, of course, we know that our Secretary of State thanked Iran for their activities. I haven’t heard wheth-er or not Secretary of State Kerry has thanked Iran for this latest story. This from foxnews.com, ‘‘Iran’s Supreme Leader Awards Medals to Troops Who ‘Captured’ U.S. Sailors.’’ The story says: ‘‘Iran’s supreme leader has awarded medals to five members of the Iranian Navy whom he said ’captured intrud-ing’ U.S. Navy sailors during a tense incident in January. ‘‘Ayatollah Ali Khamenei awarded the Order of Fat’h medal to Admiral Ali Fadavi, the head of the navy of the Revolutionary Guards, and four com-manders who seized the two U.S. Navy vessels, according to Reuters. Iran’s state media reported the news on Sun-day. ‘‘Order of Fat’h given by Chief Com-mander of Armed Forces to IRGC Navy commanders who captured intruding U.S. marines’’. . .‘‘In a tweet from his account Sunday, Khamenei misidentified those who were ‘cap-tured’ as being members of the Ma-rines. ‘‘On January 12, Iran captured the ten sailors whose boats ‘misnavigated’ into Iranian waters, according to De-fense Secretary Ash Carter. Though the sailors were released the following day, Iran released video of the sailors being captured, detained and apolo-gizing for the incursion. ‘‘Though Iran initially accused the sailors of spying, Fadavi later said an investigation had established the sail-ors were led astray by ‘a broken navi-gation system’ and the trespassing was ‘not hostile or for spying purposes’. ‘‘The sailors were attempting to navigate from Kuwait to Bahrain when they crossed into Iranian waters.’’ Well, Madam Speaker, we have got satellites that could show exactly what happened. I would think that if this ad-ministration wanted to defend our sail-ors, they would show the satellite foot-age of where they were and we would be able to see for sure whether or not they did cross into Iranian waters. But consistent with these reports and stories we have already looked at this evening, it seems if they are going to act consistent with this administra-tion’s prior actions, this administra-tion wouldn’t want to embarrass the Iranian military, the supporters of ter-rorism, and so we wouldn’t want to show that they were liars. So we won’t show by satellite footage exactly where our sailors were, and we won’t show ex-actly where our other naval vessels were. These were reported to be small vessels. Well, you don’t have small Navy vessels unless they are near much larger Navy vessels. Normally, if they are larger Navy vessels, there are other small vessels that can go rather quick-ly. If you have the Navy vessels there, there is a good chance there is a carrier nearby, an airstrip, where jets could be there in no time whatsoever. It used to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.089 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H487 February 2, 2016 
be under other Commanders in Chief, not this one, but other Commanders in Chief, that if we had sailors who were in danger of being captured by a coun-try, particularly the largest supporter of terrorism in the world, our jets would be put in the air. They would get there immediately. They would keep flying overhead and protecting those sailors until the Navy itself could get there to rescue them. For some reason, this administration thought it was a better idea not to put our aircraft in the air—kind of reminis-cent of Benghazi. We are not going to send aircraft that could have been there in minutes. But, heck, I was ask-ing a former commander at Ramstein Air Base clear up in Germany. He didn’t realize where I was going. I asked: How long would it take, say, to get to North Africa from Ramstein? He said: About 3, 3
1⁄2hours at the most. I said: So you could have been at Benghazi in 3
1⁄2hours? He said: Oh, well, we had ordnance on the planes that particular evening, and it would have taken awhile to recon-figure those. Well, if you can get clear from Ramstein Air Base to Benghazi in 3, 3
1⁄2 hours, tops—we have got planes a whole lot closer to where these Navy vessels were—they should have been able to be there in minutes. I am sure some commander or some admiral who is afraid of the Commander in Chief would never admit that, not these days. But the fact is this once proud United States military who protected its own for the last 70 years and now it calls upon the largest supporter of ter-rorism to come get our sailors and to have them kneel on their knees, hands behind their heads, as if they are POWs, embarrass them to the max-imum, for that, Secretary of State Kerry thanked Iran. Well, Madam Speaker, I see my friend from Nebraska is here. I yield to my friend. b1845 
NEBRASKA VALUES  
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Madam Speak-er, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding. I want to point out something about Mr. G
OHMERT . He was speaking about our military a moment ago. He, him-self, is a veteran. He served in the United States Army during the Viet-nam war, and I appreciate his service. Madam Speaker, I also want to share something with the body today. I write a weekly report, generally, called the Fort Report. This week, I sent one that I hoped would have a broader meaning to the House of Representatives and, perhaps, to anyone else who might en-counter this. It is entitled, ‘‘Nebraska Values.’’ It is stories about America’s political and economic and cultural crises. As we all know, they are domi-nating the headlines across our Nation. There is widespread, bipartisan dis-satisfaction with the status quo, and it is propelling a new conversation against the dysfunction and gridlock that have long thwarted effective gov-ernment here in Washington, D.C. As families across our Nation face pressing challenges, it is sad, but elect-ed officials often prioritize divisive rhetoric instead of empathy and under-standing. Now our disagreements have widened into chasms. It is exhausting— exhausting to America’s spirit—and it is distracting us from the possibilities that are before us. In the midst of this contentious Presidential primary sea-son, Madam Speaker, maybe it is time to just pause, change the subject, and celebrate some of the best examples that our country has to offer. In a small town gym in Beemer, Ne-braska, at Beemer Elementary School, the community recently gathered to celebrate the life of Joseph Lemm. While deep sadness marked the occa-sion, the community’s desire to gather and tell stories and honor this remark-able man pointed to a much deeper un-derstanding of the values that bind us. Joe chose to put on three different uniforms in his life—first, by enlisting in the United States Air Force after high school. Then he went on to have a career with the New York City Police Department and, finally, with the New York Air National Guard. Joe served three tours of duty in Iraq and Afghan-istan. This past December, Joseph Lemm gave his all for his country, along with five other Americans who were killed in Afghanistan. Although Joe left Nebraska a very long time ago, I am quite certain that he carried his early formation with him throughout his life of service, and I suspect my State, Nebraska, was never far from Joe’s heart. Before the service that memorialized him, I saw Joe’s mother, Shirley. Shir-ley embraced me as though we were family members, and, perhaps, we were. She embraced our Governor, Gov-ernor Ricketts, and United States Sen-ator SASSE in the same way. Everyone in the gym in the little town of Beemer knew, in the midst of this deep grief and loss, that Joseph Lemm’s life had great value, had great purpose. Madam Speaker, several weeks ago, Washington, D.C., was buried in an av-alanche of snow, the remnants of which are still around. I was intending to come back to Washington but had to cancel that trip, and I had more time than I had anticipated in my home-town of Lincoln. As I was in my office, I noticed some young people who were walking around the complex in their signature blue Future Farmers of America jackets, the FFA jackets. I love those jackets, Madam Speaker. They are emblazoned with the name of their hometown below the FFA sym-bol. These young people had gathered along with others from the Distribu-tive Education Clubs of America; the Future Business Leaders of America; the Family, Career and Community Leaders of America; Educators Rising; and the Future Health Professionals Skills USA to talk about a very impor-tant issue: food security. In Nebraska, we are very fortunate to have a very, very low unemployment rate. We have the convergence of some extraordinary natural resources, that of our farming and ranch community; we have manufacturing; we have a fi-nancial sector; we have had a long tra-dition of solid community leadership, which has left our economic situation much better than most across the country. Even so, even in our State, we face problems with structural poverty. These young students came together because they recognized the need to en-gage in the issue of children who face hunger—of children who return from school hungry, of children who have to worry about not having enough to eat when they get up in the morning. These young people were there, gath-ered to lead the way—to find realtime solutions in their own small commu-nities, to help the impoverished, vul-nerable members who are all around them. Madam Speaker, that same snow-storm that kept me out of Washington, though, did not deter hundreds of other Nebraska students who left the com-forts of their homes and drove on buses through the night to exercise their fun-damental American rights: the freedom to assemble and the freedom of speech. In the face of that devastating bliz-zard a couple of weeks ago, these prin-cipled boys and girls participated in the annual March for Life. They are young people in our country who refuse to accept the current settlement in our wounded culture. They refuse to stare at pain and woundedness and then walk away. They refuse to accept what has been fostered upon us for the last four decades of brokenness, of fracturing in family life, and the deep wounds that abortion has caused in so many women. They are demanding that we do better as a country. They are saying to all of us that women deserve better, that we deserve better. They traveled to Wash-ington to explicitly express this pro- life perspective and to proclaim that we should care for unborn children, for their mothers, and for our society as a whole. This is the new generation—the Mil-lennial Generation—that, in many ways, is standing upon the ash heap of broken tradition, and they are longing for more. They are saying there is a better way no matter how deep and dif-ficult the problem is. Although our Na-tion, particularly in our politics, still experiences deep and sad divisions over the question of abortion, I do think we should all commend these students for responsibly exercising their rights to peaceably demonstrate, for standing up for what they believe. That is a source of renewal and strength in America. Sometimes it discomforts us. Some-times it challenges those of us in power when truth has spoken to us. Some-times it bumps up against systems that seem stacked against the ordinary per-son. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.090 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH488 February 2, 2016 
These young people are not willing to accept the current economic, political, and cultural settlement in our country. They are saying let’s strive for more. Let’s imagine what we could be. Let’s put aside the pain. Let’s heal the past and look forward when all life is cele-brated as a beautiful gift. I respect what they did, and I think, again, all of us here can look to these young people who have responsibly demonstrated in front of us as good future stewards of a rebuilt America. So, Madam Speaker, that is really what I wanted to say to you today. I am proud of these Nebraskans who have continued to demonstrate a better pathway for America in public servants and in military heroes, such as Joseph Lemm, who gave his life for his coun-try, in the young people back home who are deciding to tackle systemic childhood poverty and hunger, and in the students who trekked all this way in hazardous conditions to stand in de-fense of vulnerable persons. Perhaps, in the example of these young people, we can find an answer to what is right about America at a time when so much seems to be going wrong. We can carry forward the best of our traditions, those put forward by small communities and families that are really the renewing social force that will help turn our country around. Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, I am very grateful to my friend from Ne-braska. Mr. F
ORTENBERRY and I came in together, and I am so glad we did. We have been friends ever since. What a noteworthy tribute he had to pay. I am grateful for that tribute. Madam Speaker, we have had so many Americans who have given, as Lincoln said, the last full measure of devotion for freedom, for liberty, for people who were not even Americans, because that is who Americans have been. I know our current President is fond of saying that is who we are, and then he provides access to $100 billion for Iran—the largest supporter of ter-rorism. It says it is going to keep sup-porting terrorism, just with a lot more money now that the President has made all of this available. The Presi-dent says that is not who we are, and then he shows us that we open our arms to terrorists from all over the world. So many Americans gave their lives and gave their limbs for liberty in Iraq, for liberty in Afghanistan. In fact, in Afghanistan, if I recall my figures cor-rectly, in the 7
1⁄4years under Com-mander in Chief Bush, from October of 2001 until January of 2009, there were just over 500 precious American lives given for the cost of freedom in Af-ghanistan. Supposedly, we were told by this President, the war was pretty much over. He sent more troops for a while to Afghanistan; but even after, supposedly, the war has been over and troops have been left over there, we keep getting Americans killed. It is because of the rules of engage-ment that so needlessly tie their hands. It is because this administra-tion would rather punish Green Beret Sergeant First Class Martland for stop-ping a serial child rapist. It would rather punish him—throw him out, end his military career—because this ad-ministration, at least here in this country, does not want to offend the serial child rapist in Afghanistan. No wonder people around the world have lost so much respect for the United States in the last 7 years. They know that stuff is going on. They knew that Sergeant Martland stood up for the child and for the woman. They knew what he did. They spread the word. Then the word spreads when Ser-geant Martland makes international news because this administration wants to punish him for dragging him out of the compound—not killing, not beheading, not disemboweling—in an act of defense of many third persons. They find out this administration pun-ished the military hero, the Green Beret who protected the victims. It is incredible. I mean, any adminis-tration that would do that would prob-ably turn around and, if it heard about some entity that was allowing unborn babies to be killed and was selling body parts, might be tempted to punish the people who exposed it instead of pun-ishing those who did such a heinous act. b1900 Those who have read Scripture know there will come a time when right is wrong, wrong is right, the good are punished, and the evil are rewarded. But we also know the day will come when the ultimate judge of the world will set things straight. So this is a story from Martha Men-doza, Maya Alleruzzo, and Bram Janssen from the Associated Press: ‘‘Oldest Christian monastery in Iraq is razed.’’ This is heartbreaking. This is a monastery Americans were devoted to restoring. It is a monastery where people came to know Jesus of Nazareth for the last 1400 years. It is a place where God did miracles in peo-ple’s lives. It is a place where our mili-tary were very, very careful to protect because they knew the Christian sig-nificance. As this administration miscalcu-lated—apparently, our intelligence agencies did not miscalculate. Appar-ently, our intelligence agencies made very clear to this administration that ISIS is not a JV team, that these are dangerous people and they have to be stopped and you have to ramp it up. So it wasn’t our intelligence. We didn’t have bad intelligence. The re-ports are out there. The administra-tion, thinking it knew better than those on the ground in the area, did not take ISIS seriously. Now, this Christian monastery over 1400 years old has been razed. The story from Iraq: ‘‘The oldest Christian monastery in Iraq has been reduced to a field of rub-ble, yet another victim of the Islamic State group’s relentless destruction of ancient cultural sites. ‘‘For 1,400 years the compound sur-vived assaults by nature and man, standing as a place of worship recently for U.S. troops. In earlier centuries, generations of monks tucked candles in the niches and prayed in the cool chap-el. The Greek letters chi and rho, rep-resenting the first two letters of Christ’s name, were carved near the en-trance. ‘‘Now satellite photos obtained exclu-sively by The Associated Press confirm the worst fears of church authorities and preservationists—St. Elijah’s Mon-astery of Mosul has been completely wiped out. ‘‘In his office in exile in Irbil, Iraq, the Rev. Paul Thabit Habib, 39, stared quietly at before- and after-images of the monastery that once perched on a hillside above his hometown of Mosul. Shaken, he flipped back to his own photos for comparison. ‘‘‘I can’t describe my sadness,’ he said in Arabic. ‘Our Christian history in Mosul is being barbarically leveled. We see it as an attempt to expel us from Iraq, eliminating and finishing our existence in this land.’ ‘‘The Islamic State group, which broke from al-Qaeda and now controls large parts of Iraq and Syria, has killed thousands of civilians and forced out hundreds of thousands of Christians, threatening a religion that has endured in the region for 2,000 years. Along the way, its fighters have destroyed build-ings and ruined historical and cul-turally significant structures they con-sider contrary to their interpretation of Islam.’’ Madam Speaker, I find it interesting that these writers know what leaders in this administration still, after all these years, have not figured out. It is Martha Mendoza, Maya Alleruzzo, and Bram Janssen. They point out in this article that these people believe that these sites are contrary to their interpretation of Islam. Yet, this administration says, no, it has nothing to do with Islam. The article continues: ‘‘Those who knew the monastery wondered about its fate after the ex-tremists swept through in June 2014 and largely cut communications to the area. ‘‘Now, St. Elijah’s has joined a grow-ing list of more than 100 demolished re-ligious and historic sites, including mosques, tombs, shrines and churches in Syria and Iraq. The extremists have defaced or ruined ancient monuments in Nineveh, Palmyra and Hatra. Muse-ums and libraries have been looted, books burned, artwork crushed—or trafficked. ‘‘‘A big part of tangible history has been destroyed,’ said Rev. Manuel Yousif Boji. A Chaldean Catholic pas-tor in Southfield, Michigan, he remem-bers attending Mass at St. Elijah’s al-most 60 years ago while a seminarian in Mosul.’ ‘‘‘These persecutions have happened to our church more than once, but we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.091 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H489 February 2, 2016 
believe in the power of truth, the power of God,’ said Boji. He is part of the De-troit area’s Chaldean community, which became the largest outside Iraq after the sectarian bloodshed that fol-lowed the U.S. invasion in 2003. Iraq’s Christian population has dropped from 1.3 million then to 300,000 now, church authorities say.’’ Christians are under persecution, being killed in greater numbers than any time in our history. Yet, it is not the Christians being persecuted in greater numbers than any time in his-tory. It is not the group that many in the world recognize are the most per-secuted religion in the world. This administration wants to wel-come those of the religion of persecu-tion rather than the most persecuted group in the world, that being Chris-tians, although just recently this arti-cle from CNS News, ‘‘550 Syrian Refu-gees Admitted to U.S. Since the Paris Attacks’’—and, of the most persecuted highest number killed in the history of the world, Christians, this administra-tion admitted two. An article from the Texas Tribune points out that Governor Greg Abbott and my friend, Democrat U.S. Rep. H
ENRY CUELLAR , ‘‘pressed the U.S. De-partment of Homeland Security on Monday to explain why the agency plans to reduce its aerial surveillance on the Texas-Mexico border.’’ ‘‘Monday’s request comes as CBP is reporting a new surge in the number of undocumented immigrants crossing the Rio Grande. From October to December of 2015, about 10,560 unaccompanied mi-nors entered Texas illegally through the Rio Grande Valley sector of the U.S. Border Patrol. That marks a 115 percent increase over the same time frame in 2014.’’ Madam Speaker, what is clear is that, as this administration says, oh, we are arresting fewer people coming into the country illegally, these kind of reports make clear, well, yeah, if you close your eyes, you will keep ar-resting even fewer. That is what they are doing. They are closing our eyes to our ability to see people that are vio-lating our law. At the same time, we get this report from the Washington Examiner that sanctuary cities now cross the 300 mark, with Dallas and Philadelphia added to it. Madam Speaker, with so much to be depressed about, I want to commend the people of the State of Iowa, where I spent a couple of days last week and where I have spent other times many days in the past. When I am among the Iowans, I feel like I am back home in East Texas. The people are wonderful. I had somebody ask earlier today about: What do you think about your party? I said: What do you mean? He said: Well, you look at the people that won the Iowa caucuses. So? The comment was made: Well, in the Democratic caucus or primary, you had two White Socialists—this was the comment from this person—and in the Republican primary, the first and third vote-getters were Cuban, Hispanic Americans, and the fourth was African American. Isn’t that interesting the way things have turned? Well, I have enjoyed coming to love the people of Iowa, and I look forward to the days ahead because of them. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. f 
WATER SECURITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Madam Speaker, I want to pick up on some issues of secu-rity. We have heard for the last hour discussions of security, and there are many different aspects to the question of security. Are we secure in this world in which we live? Well, there are a lot of prob-lems. To be sure, we can worry about China and the South China Sea, and we do. Certainly, in the Middle East, where I recently visited the Gulf States and Iran, there are a lot of concerns there. As you move into Iraq, there are the issues of ISIL, al Qaeda and, of course, the great tragedy that is occurring in Syria where, basically, cities are sim-ply being destroyed, obviously, the churches, the monasteries, the mosques—boom—housing. There are well over 270,000 people— Christians, Muslims, and others—killed in the Syrian civil war and the result-ant desire by people to get out of there. Immigration issues are abounding. Cer-tainly, they affect us here in the United States. There are many other security issues beyond those that make the headlines. There are security issues in our homes. For example, do we have a job? Well, that is a big issue. Often here on the floor, in days gone by, I would stand with my colleagues and we would talk about creating jobs in the United States. We would talk about strategies of Make It In Amer-ica, strategies to use our tax dollars to buy American-made products and serv-ices so that our money could be used to employ our own people and to support our own businesses. These are all very, very important strategies. They do happen to do with individual security, community secu-rity, and family security. So security has many, many pieces. Tonight I want to talk about one type of security. This is something that affects every human being, every animal, large or small, from an ele-phant to the smallest mouse. This se-curity issue is one that affects every form of life. It is called water. It is called water. This is the most basic of security issues. You don’t go but a day or 2, maybe 3, days, if you are not doing much and it is really not very hot, without water. It is essential. This is a bottom-line security issue. If you don’t have water, you are inse-cure. If you don’t have water, you will very soon be dead. If you have poi-sonous water, you may not die imme-diately, but it will certainly affect you. Let’s take a look at this. This is water from Flint, Michigan, United States of America. There are roughly 100,000 human beings in Flint, Michi-gan. Well, among the most essential of all of the things we need for life, for secu-rity, is water. That is Flint, Michigan, water, a city of 100,000 people in the United States. b1915 Oh, we would like to think of our-selves as being the most advanced place in the world. That is Flint, Michigan, water. Nine thousand chil-dren under the age of 4 or 5 have been drinking that water contaminated with lead for about 14 months. I am not going to go into the reasons why that tragedy is occurring. There are many. There is an FBI investiga-tion and there are questions about the Governor of Michigan and the way in which it was done, but I am not going to go there today. I want to go to something else that we are responsible for here in the House of Representatives and our col-leagues across the Capitol in the U.S. Senate. I want to talk about our re-sponsibility here because this is our business. If we are concerned about security— and we are—we should—and we do— talk about al Qaeda. We should—and we do—talk about ISIS. We should— and we do—talk about refugees and whether they are safe or not. We talk about San Bernardino and the great tragedy there. We should talk about it, and we should do something about it. There is another side of security that we have specific responsibility to deal with. In 1974, we set out to clean up the waters of the United States with the Clean Water Act. Over the years, it has been amended. In 1996, we set standards for clean water and we provided some funding. If someone were to grade us on our success in addressing one of the funda-mental security issues, that is, the ability to have clean, drinkable water, here is the scorecard. Let’s take a look at it. Let’s see. We can run down through aviation, bridges. Oh, by the way, this is from the American Society of Civil Engi-neers. They produce a scorecard on how well this great Nation, the United States of America, is doing on pro-viding fundamental security. Aviation, bridges, dams, drinking water: D. Today, at a hearing on water, the Society of Civil Engineers said we have got a D on drinking water. Somebody asked them: Is that the bottom grade? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.093 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH490 February 2, 2016 
They said: Well, pretty much because if you go to an F, it is too much paper-work. So they just stop at D. D. We fancy ourselves to be the greatest place in the world, the most advanced economy. All the way down this list are D’s, a couple of C’s. Our infrastruc-ture doesn’t rank among the best in the world. In fact, we rank about where developing countries are. So what is the result of all of this? Well, Flint, Michigan, water, would you drink it? For 100,000 people in Flint, Michigan, that is their water supply. Without water, you don’t live. Closer to my home in Porterville, California, a city of a few tens of thou-sands of people, no water. So they truck it in. I have got one of those on my ranch. It is called a livestock water trough. That is where the kids get their water in the United States of America. Oh, we think we are good. Security comes in many forms. Drinking water. So why does this happen? Why is it that, in this great Nation, all of us, 435 here, and another 100 across the Cap-itol—why is it Flint Michigan, Porter-ville, California, a half a dozen other cities in California, no water or con-taminated water? Just in December it was reported that, in about a half a dozen commu-nities in the San Joaquin Valley of California, the uranium in the water has reached a level beyond that which is allowed. That is okay. It is only going to be cancer. Uranium, fine. Flint, Michigan, Porterville, communities throughout this Nation. Oh, Toledo, Ohio. I remem-ber Toledo, Ohio, last year shut down its water system because of contamina-tion from algae in the lake. America. Why? Why? Here is why. A sharp drop in govern-ment infrastructure spending. Oh, gov-ernment infrastructure spending. Fed-eral Government infrastructure spend-ing. For 435 of us; this is our job. Oh, let’s see. This is 2002. Some-where—oh, these are real dollars, disinflated, $325 billion. In 2014—that is 12 years later—$210 billion. That is what happens. That is what happens when you don’t have water in Porter-ville. That is what happens when you have uranium and the inability to take it out because you can’t afford the sys-tems. That is what happens in Flint, Michigan. Let’s take another look at those numbers, another way to look at it. Spending on clean water and drinking water infrastructure. In 2014 dollars— these are constant dollars across the way—1973, is that Ronald Reagan? I think so. No. Actually, it was a little later. That wasn’t Reagan. It is the end of— what did we spend in 1973 in consistent 2014 dollars? We spent about $10 billion. Okay. In 1990, we spent about $6 billion. Again, these are dollars all consistent for 2016 dollars. In 1999, we are down to about just under $4 billion. In 2005, we get down to about $3.5 billion. In 2016, bingo, $2 billion. You wonder why we have a D? You wonder why the water systems break. 240,000 water mains broke last year in the United States. You see the pictures of the sinkholes. That is not a geologi-cal issue. That is a water main issue. A water main is broken, washed out the street, washed out the community, and the houses fall into it. Not all of them, but that is basically it. 240,000 of those last year. What are we doing? Are we building new, high-quality water systems for our community? No, we are not. I will tell you what we are doing. Over the next few years, we are going to spend a trillion dollars in the next 20 years on rebuilding—that is a trillion dollars, not a billion—a trillion dollars—on re-building our entire nuclear warfare system. Every bomb, new airplanes, new missiles, new intercontinental bal-listic missiles, new submarines, a tril-lion dollars. And this number competes with that trillion dollars. We make choices around here, folks. We make choices on how we are going to spend your tax money. We are going to spend it on nuclear bombs that go big in a big way, on new stealth bomb-ers, new intercontinental ballistic mis-siles, new submarines, new dial-a- bomb—dial it up, it goes big; dial it down, it goes small—so that we can use it as a tactical nuclear weapon. Whoa. We are making choices here. I can go on for some time about this. I get pretty excited about it. I get pret-ty dismayed. When I am in Brussels, as I was last week, returning from the Gulf States—Oman, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Qatar, Bahrain—looking at what is going on there, this is what I saw: I saw enormous problems. But I also saw a modern infrastructure. Go to Brussels. Look at their airport. Then go to an American airport. Water. Water. Flint, Michigan, water. State of Michigan, United States of America, that is the water that 100,000 Americans are forced to drink. We have got a Clean Water Act. We have got the laws in place to build our water systems. So what do we do? Well, I guess we would rather rebuild the B61 nuclear bomb rather than building a water sys-tem for Americans for the security of 100,000 people. I live a long way from Flint, Michi-gan, but the guy I am going to call on, that is his home. That is where he was raised. Those are the people he rep-resents. D
ANKILDEE , you have been on this issue for weeks and months. You have been sounding the alarm. You have been calling us out. You have been call-ing us out, all 435 of us and the Senate and the administration. You have been calling us out, and you are doing the work of securing the safety of the peo-ple in your community. Please join me, D
ANKILDEE , from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Well, first of all, let me thank my friend, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , not just for that introduction and for his comments about my hometown, but for his leadership on this issue. This is the critical issue that really determines whether we are competitive as a Nation. But it goes beyond com-petitiveness. It is the issue that will determine whether we have true na-tional security. But it goes beyond na-tional security. Sometimes it is a mat-ter of life and death. Sometimes it is really a matter of health. In my hometown, the issue of failed infrastructure, particularly of the State of Michigan and their failure to manage infrastructure, let alone rein-vest in it potentially, will affect not just 100,000 people, all of the citizens there, but, most importantly, will af-fect the trajectory of the lives of 9,000 children under the age of 6 who, for the last year and a half, have been drink-ing water that has elevated lead levels well beyond what normally would be required in order to take drastic action to correct the problem. And it was largely overlooked be-cause of a failed philosophy of govern-ment in the State of Michigan that put short-term interest, short-term dol-lars-and-cents measures of success, ahead of not just long-term invest-ment, but ahead of the lives of children that has resulted in this terrible trag-edy. b1930 I will just take a moment to tell you what happened and to support the ef-forts of my friend Mr. GARAMENDI in continuing to raise this question. The letter grade graph he showed re-garding clean drinking water showed in the aggregate a grade of D. In Flint, it was an F. It was a failing grade. So, the failure to invest in infra-structure, and particularly urban infra-structure—roads, bridges, and water— led to significant economic difficulty in my hometown of Flint. The failure of the State to support cities—and, in fact, they cut direct support in cities— resulted in my hometown going into fi-nancial stress. The State then ap-pointed a receiver to take over the city. Rather than provide support, rather than rebuild, it appointed a receiver, a financial manager, to go in with one tool, and one tool only, and that was a scalpel, to cut the budget of a city that was really begging for investment. In-stead of investment, more cuts. One of the cuts was, for a temporary period of time until a regional pipeline to Lake Huron was completed, to draw drinking water from the Flint River, which for decades functioned as an open industrial sewer. In the State of Michigan, where we have the world’s greatest source of sur-face water, freshwater, there was a de-cision to use the Flint River. But be-cause of our aging infrastructure, old infrastructure, and lots of lead pipes, including thousands and thousands of lead service lines to homes, and the failure of the State to manage this process and treat the water effectively, highly corrosive water leached lead into the drinking water, and 100,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.095 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H491 February 2, 2016 
people have been subjected to elevated lead levels. Thousands of children have potentially been affected. The sad story here is that it all could have easily been prevented with just a little bit of investment and better management of the infrastructure. But we take water infrastructure for grant-ed, as if all we have to do is turn on the faucet and the water will appear. No, it takes investment; it takes money; it takes resources. In this case, the State’s failure has resulted in some-thing that we hope is not repeated across this country; but without in-vestment, there will be more Flint, Michigans. So what we need now is to call upon the State particularly to make the kind of investment in Flint to make it right. As I said, 9,000 children in the city of Flint under the age of 6 have substantially elevated lead levels from the water that showed up in their blood in tests done by a courageous pediatri-cian, Dr. Mona Hanna-Attisha, who was one of the people who blew the whistle on this. So now we have a crisis in Flint. We have a loss of faith in government. But it is a crisis because this city is really at risk. We need significant investment to make it right. That investment would come in the form of a long over-due replacement of those lead service lines, that lead piping that is outdated, obsolete, and dangerous. Because of the failure to deal with this when it was a less expensive investment, we now have, I think, a very important moral responsibility on the State of Michigan to take care of the unique needs that these children will face as they go through their developmental stages. We need early childhood education for all of them. We need good nutritional programming—and not just to make it available, but to ensure sure they have good nutrition. We need additional help in the schools. We need behavioral sup-port. There are consequences. There are human consequences to this failure. It is not just that the water looks bad, smells bad, tastes bad. It is unhealthy. Again, I hope Flint’s experience can be an experience for the rest of the country, because the way our State treated the people of Flint was as if they didn’t matter. They allowed this infrastructure to atrophy, allowed the city to atrophy, didn’t support redevel-opment, didn’t support even the basic need of $140 a day to provide corrosion control treatment in this aging water system. All of that could have pre-vented this terrible tragedy, but they didn’t do it. So now the State of Michigan bears the principal responsibility. I am doing everything I can to get Federal help for this, but the State of Michigan bears the principal responsibility. As far as I am concerned, it is up to them to make it right. The message that my friend has been bringing to this Congress when it comes to this question of infrastruc-ture is that Flint proves that it mat-ters what we do here. It matters what we do in this House. The fact is we have known as a Nation for a long time that, if we are going to be safe, if we are going to be competitive, if we are going to be healthy, we have to invest in that which we take for granted. Think about it, water, drinkable water. Most people in this room, most people in America never give it a sec-ond thought. You just turn on the fau-cet and it is there. It is literally what we depend upon for our very lives. In Flint, Michigan, because of this ter-rible failure, not only was it not safe, but we poisoned 9,000 children as a re-sult. There are consequences to what we do here, and there are consequences to what we don’t do here. So for those Members who have expressed their sympathy, I appreciate that, I sin-cerely do. But the children of Flint, the people of Flint, and, frankly, the peo-ple of Porterville and everywhere else need more than sympathy. We need in-vestment. We need this Congress and this country to step up and do what it is right and invest in our own future, because if we don’t, as you can tell, there are consequences. Thank you for your leadership on this. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. K
ILDEE , thank you so very much for the work that you are doing sounding the alarm and driving all of us. I know you did this morning in our Caucus. You alerted us to it. You motivated us. And, in fact, I am talking about it tonight because of your motivation that you gave to me and to our colleagues this morning. You spoke here a little bit about the human consequences. I would like you to take another run around this on how we bear—the community of America, and more specifically, Michigan—the responsibility of caring for addressing the human problem that now exists. Mr. KILDEE. I thank you for that question, because that is really the core of what we are dealing with right now. We need a lot of help in Flint. This could have been avoided. But now that this has occurred, there is some work we need to do to fix the pipes. There is some work we need to do to make sure the emergency needs are met—tem-porary water. But the real need is this human need. Lead is a neurotoxin. It affects devel-opment of the brain. The citizens who are most at risk are those children who are still in those early developmental stages, particularly children age 6 and under. Literally, children feeding, drinking formula made with this water will have the trajectory of their lives potentially affected. The thing that I think is important to keep in mind is, first of all, Flint is a tough town. We can live through this; we can get through this; we can suc-ceed; but we are going to need re-sources. We need resources, really, to come from the people who did this to us, which is the State government with, I think, a completely bankrupt philosophy that basically says you are on your own. Well, you are not on your own when it comes to drinking water. We all ex-pect drinking water to be clean. We have every right to expect that. It is a human right. But what we need now and what I think is morally required is to wrap our arms around these kids. We know that when it comes to brain develop-ment and challenges the kids might face, whether it is from a develop-mental question from some other source or derived from lead exposure, the more we do to help those children develop as early as possible, the better they will do in the long term. So, I will have legislation that I will introduce this week that puts Federal support in—and requires the State of Michigan to come up with its share, be-cause they did this—so that we expand Head Start, Early Head Start, and that we give those kids the early oppor-tunity to expand their minds; also, that we get them nutritional support, because we know that good, nutritious food—milk, for example—is very help-ful in getting kids through lead expo-sure with minimal impact. Now, it is only to mitigate the dam-ages and help these kids overcome, but what we need to do now as a commu-nity is what we would do for any child facing a developmental challenge. It is early childhood education. It is nutri-tional support. It is a school nurse, for example. We have gone so far in this country that we don’t even fund the ba-sics that we all grew up with. We all had a school nurse. You go to Flint, Michigan, a city of 100,000 people, and we have one school nurse. Also, it is after-school programming, enrichment opportunities. Most of the kids in my hometown, sadly, already have hurdles in front of them because of the misfortune of being born into poverty. They don’t have the kind of opportunities that many kids take for granted: piano lessons, dance, art, after-school activities, gym time, a summer program. Maybe for the older kids, a summer job. That is the kind of help that will be required in order to move these kids from where they were headed before this crisis occurred and what the tra-jectory of their lives looks like right now. So the point is there are human con-sequences for the failure to do this right in the first place. And when we have a State government that failed these kids, they now have a moral obli-gation to step up and actually take care of their needs going forward. Mr. GARAMENDI. If I might inter-rupt you for a moment, this morning you spoke of a young child that was interviewed. Would you please share that? Mr. KILDEE. I will. I read this. It came from a writer from Detroit, a guy named Mitch Albom, who most people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.097 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH492 February 2, 2016 
know for having written a bestseller, ‘‘Tuesdays with Morrie.’’ He came to Flint to interview children and to talk about what this whole experience meant to them. One young man said something which, in a very poignant way, in a really eloquent way, describes what ex-actly happened in Flint. The little boy said that he was afraid that he wouldn’t be smart now, that he wouldn’t be smart. It just occurred to me what a terrible crime this is, the failure of adults to manage the government in a way that takes the concerns of the life of a child into account and looks only at a bal-ance sheet, only at a quarterly earn-ings statement—maybe the longest term that they look at it is an annual financial report—and wouldn’t consider the fact that the result would be to have a young 8- or 9-year-old boy say to himself, ‘‘I am afraid I won’t be smart.’’ What does that do to that kid’s hopes for himself, whether the cognitive, be-havioral, or developmental impact of lead would have any substantial effect on him or her, kids that are in Flint? The fact that the lack of action by the government gives them doubt about their own future, doubt about their own capacity is just heartbreaking. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. K
ILDEE , thank you very, very much. ‘‘I am afraid I won’t be smart enough.’’ I wonder if we should ask ourselves if we are smart enough. Are we smart enough? There are 435 of us facing a myriad of questions around this world and some of them in our own hometowns. Are we smart enough? Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Ms. K
APTUR (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for February 1 on account of travel delay. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 o’clock and 44 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, February 3, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the fourth quar-ter of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. TOM PRICE, Chairman, Jan. 5, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ETHICS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. CHARLES W. DENT, Chairman, Jan. 11, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT.  1 AND DEC. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Bob Goodlatte ................................................. 10 /9 10 /19 Vietnam, Singapore, Malaysia, Phil- ippines. .................... 644.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,269.00 .................... 1,913.00 Hon. Hank Johnson .................................................. 10 /9 10 /19 Vietnam, Singapore, Malaysia, Phil- ippines. .................... 644.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,269.00 .................... 1,913.00 Hon. Sheila Jackson Lee .......................................... 10 /9 10 /19 Vietnam, Singapore, Malaysia, Phil- ippines. .................... 644.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,269.00 .................... 1,913.00 Shelley Husband ...................................................... 10 /9 10 /19 Vietnam, Singapore, Malaysia, Phil- ippines. .................... 644.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,269.00 .................... 1,913.00 Joe Keeley ................................................................ 10 /9 10 /19 Vietnam, Singapore, Malaysia, Phil- ippines. .................... 644.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,269.00 .................... 1,913.00 Stephanie Gadbois .................................................. 10 /9 10 /19 Vietnam, Singapore, Malaysia, Phil- ippines. .................... 644.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,269.00 .................... 1,913.00 Peter Larkin ............................................................. 10 /9 10 /19 Vietnam, Singapore, Malaysia, Phil- ippines. .................... 644.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,269.00 .................... 1,913.00 John Manning .......................................................... 10 /9 10 /19 Vietnam, Singapore, Malaysia, Phil- ippines. .................... 644.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,269.00 .................... 1,913.00 James Park .............................................................. 10 /9 10 /19 Vietnam, Singapore, Malaysia, Phil- ippines. .................... 644.00 .................... (
3) .................... 1,269.00 .................... 1,913.00 Hon. Steve King ....................................................... 11 /5 11 /13 Serbia, Iraq, Turkey, Sweden, Hungary ...... .............. 696.00 .................... 15,485.60 .................... 1,177.45 .................... 17,359.05 Hon. Bob Goodlatte ................................................. 10 /24 10 /25 Haiti ......................................... ............. .................... 111.00 .................... 938.43 .................... 150.00 .................... 1,199.43 Hon. John Conyers ................................................... 10 /24 10 /26 Haiti ........................................ .............. .................... 222.00 .................... 770.10 .................... 300.00 .................... 1,292.10 Tracy Short .............................................................. 10 /24 10 /26 Haiti ................................... ................... .................... 222.00 .................... 770.10 .................... 300.00 .................... 1,292.1 0 Lindsay Yates .......................................................... 10 /24 10 /26 Haiti ..................................... ................. .................... 222.00 .................... 735.10 .................... 300.00 .................... 1,257.10 Keenan Keller ........................................................... 10 /24 10 /26 Haiti .................................... .................. .................... 222.00 .................... 770.10 .................... 300.00 .................... 1,292.10  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE7.098 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H493 February 2, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT.  1 AND DEC. 31, 2015— Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Cynthia Martin ......................................................... 10 /24 10 /26 Haiti ..................................... ................. .................... 222.00 .................... 770.10 .................... 300.00 .................... 1,292.10 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 7,713.00 .................... 20,239.53 .................... 14,248.45 ................ .... 42,200.98 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. BOB GOODLATTE, Chairman, Jan. 22, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. ROB BISHOP, Chairman, Jan. 7. 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPE NDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, Jan. 6, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. SEN. ORRIN G. HATCH, Chairman, Jan. 12, 2016. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4164. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s di-rect final rule — Black Stem Rust; Additions of Rust-Resistant Species and Varieties [Docket No.: APHIS-2015-0079] received Janu-ary 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4165. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s affir-mation of interim final rule — Lacey Act Im-plementation Plan; Definitions for Exempt and Regulated Articles [Docket No.: APHIS- 2009-0018] (RIN: 0579-AD11) received January 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4166. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, ORMS, D & R, Forest Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Stew-ardship End Result Contracting Projects (RIN: 0596-AD25) received January 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4167. A letter from the Acting Secretary of the Army, Department of Defense, transmit-ting the Army’s report on gifts made for the benefit of U.S. Military Academy Army Band for FY 2015, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 974(d)(3); 113-66, Sec. 351; (127 Stat. 741); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 4168. A letter from the Director, Office of Financial Research, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Office’s 2015 An-nual Report to Congress, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 5344(d); Public Law 111-203, Sec. 154(d); (124 Stat. 1418); to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 4169. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Of-fice of the Deputy Secretary, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Federal Housing Administration (FHA): Removal of 24 CFR 280--Nehemiah Housing Opportunity Grants Program [Docket No.: FR-5878-F-01] (RIN: 2502-AJ31) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4170. A letter from the PRAO Branch Chief, Food and Nutrition Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Supplemental Nutrition Assist-ance Program: Review of Major Changes in Program Design and Management Evalua-tion Systems [FNS-2011-0035] (RIN: 0584- AD86) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 4171. A letter from the General Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Allocation of Assets in Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing Benefits received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 4172. A letter from the General Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Partitions of Eligible Multiemployer Plans (RIN: 1212-AB29) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.049 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH494 February 2, 2016 
4173. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedure for Pumps [Docket No.: EERE- 2013-BT-TP-0055] (RIN: 1905-AD50) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4174. A letter from the Deputy Director, ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Medical Examination of Aliens —— Revisions to Medical Screening Process [Docket No.: CDC-2015-0045] (RIN: 0920-AA28) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4175. A letter from the Chief Counsel, Na-tional Telecommunications and Information Administration, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendments to 47 CFR Part 301 to Imple-ment Certain Provisions of the Spectrum Pipeline Act [Docket No.: 160108022-6022-01] (RIN: 0660-AA31) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4176. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting a report certifying that the export of the listed items to the People’s Republic of China is not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2778 note; Public Law 105-261, Sec. 1512 (as amended by Public Law 105-277, Sec. 146); (112 Stat. 2174); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 4177. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to transnational criminal organizations that was declared in Executive Order 13581 of July 24, 2011, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4178. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting the Depart-ment’s 2016 Report to Congress on Foreign Policy-Based Export Controls, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. app. 4605(f)(2); Public Law 96-72, Sec. 6(f)(2) (as amended by Public Law 99-64, Sec. 108(e)); (99 Stat. 133); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4179. A letter from the Executive Director, Mississippi River Commission, Department of the Army, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s Annual Report for the Mississippi River Commission for cal-endar year 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 552b(j); Public Law 94-409, Sec. 3(a); (90 Stat. 1241); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 4180. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-trator for Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Establish a Single Small Business Size Standard for Commercial Fishing Businesses [Docket No.: 150227193-5999-02] (RIN: 0648-BE92) received January 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4181. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — International Fisheries; Pacific Tuna Fisheries; Vessel Register Required Informa-tion, International Maritime Organization Numbering Scheme [Docket No.: 150902807- 5999-02] (RIN: 0648-BE99) received January 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4182. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pa-cific Coast Groundfish Fishery; Seabird Avoidance Measures [Docket No.: 140214140- 5999-01] (RIN: 0648-BD92) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4183. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s Report to Congress on the Pan-demic and All-Hazards Preparedness Act’s usage of the Act’s Antitrust Laws Exemp-tion, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 247d-6a note; Pub-lic Law 109-417, Sec. 405(a)(8); (120 Stat. 2877); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 4184. A letter from the Chair, United States Sentencing Commission, transmitting the Commission’s amendment to the federal sen-tencing guidelines, policy statements, and official commentary, together with the rea-son for amendment, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 994(o); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 4185. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Prohibition Against Cer-tain Flights in Specified Areas of the Sanaa (OYSC) Flight Information Region (FIR) [Docket No.: FAA-2015-8672; Amdt. No.: 91- 340] (RIN: 2120-AK72) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4186. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Prohibition Against Cer-tain Flights in the Territory and Airspace of Somalia [Docket No.: FAA-2007-27602; Amdt. No.: 91-339] (RIN: 2120-AK75) received Janu-ary 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4187. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Los Angeles, CA [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-1139; Airspace Docket No.: 15-AWP-4] re-ceived January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4188. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation Heli-copters [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0335; Direc-torate Identifier 2013-SW-021-AD; Amend-ment 39-18358; AD 2015-26-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4189. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0648; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-136- AD; Amendment 39-18344; AD 2015-25-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 27, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4190. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Alpha Aviation Concept Limited Air-planes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3956; Direc-torate Identifier 2015-CE-032-AD; Amendment 39-18345; AD 2015-25-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4191. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-2714; Directorate Identifier 2014-SW-052- AD; Amendment 39-18349; AD 2015-26-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 27, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4192. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1199; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-008-AD; Amendment 39-18351; AD 2015-26-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4193. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0076; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-246- AD; Amendment 39-18350; AD 2015-26-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 27, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4194. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0083; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-131- AD; Amendment 39-18347; AD 2015-25-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 27, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4195. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-ministration, MC-PRR, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Electronic Logging De-vices and Hours of Service Supporting Docu-ments [Docket No.: FMCSA-2010-0167] (RIN: 2126-AB20) received January 28, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4196. A letter from the Deputy Director, ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) Program, State Reporting On Policies and Practices To Prevent Use of TANF Funds in Electronic Benefit Transfer Transactions in Specified Locations (RIN: 0970-AC56) received January 27, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4197. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02FE7.000 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H495 February 2, 2016 
Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Revenue Procedure: Update of CC: International No-Rule Revenue Procedure 2015-7 (Rev. Proc. 2016-7) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4198. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Revenue Procedure 2016-6 (Rev. Proc. 2016-6) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 4199. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Revenue Procedure 2016-4 (Rev. Proc. 2016-4) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 4200. A letter from the Administrator, Transportation Security Administration, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting the Administration’s certification that the level of screening services and protection services at the Punta Gorda Airport in Flor-ida will be equal to or greater than the level that would be provided at the airport by TSA Transportation Security Officers, pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 44920(d)(1); Public Law 107-71, Sec. 108(a); (115 Stat. 613); to the Committee on Homeland Security. 4201. A letter from the Deputy Director, ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicaid Program; Cov-ered Outpatient Drugs [CMS-2345-FC] (RIN: 0938-AQ41) received January 27, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 4202. A letter from the Deputy Director, ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicaid Program; Face- to-Face Requirements for Home Health Serv-ices; Policy Changes and Clarifications Re-lated to Home Health [CMS-2348-F] (RIN: 0938-AQ36) received January 28, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 3293. A bill to provide for greater accountability in Federal funding for scientific research, to promote the progress of science in the United States that serves that national in-terest (Rept. 114–412). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2017. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to im-prove and clarify certain disclosure require-ments for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring proceedings under section 403A; with an amendment (Rept. 114–413). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. STIVERS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 595. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1675) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to re-vise its rules so as to increase the threshold amount for requiring issuers to provide cer-tain disclosures relating to compensatory benefit plans, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 766) to provide require-ments for the appropriate Federal banking agencies when requesting or ordering a de-pository institution to terminate a specific customer account, to provide for additional requirements related to subpoenas issued under the Financial Institutions Reform, Re-covery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–414). Referred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota (for him-self, Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. K LINE, Mr. P AUL-
SEN, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. P
ETERSON , and Mr. N OLAN ): H.R. 4425. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 4426. A bill to expand school choice in the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. POMPEO (for himself, Mr. H
UD-
SON, and Mr. M ULLIN ): H.R. 4427. A bill to amend section 203 of the Federal Power Act; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Ms. S
E-
WELL of Alabama, Mr. R OEof Ten-nessee, Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. C
OOPER , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. F
INCHER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B YRNE , Mrs. R
OBY, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. H ILL, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. P ALMER , Mr. V
ELA, Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. H AR-
PER, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. C ARTER  of Georgia, and Mr. H
INOJOSA ): H.R. 4428. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure fairness in Medicare hospital payments by establishing a floor for the area wage index applied with respect to certain hospitals; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 4429. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Transportation to issue minimum uniform safety standards for underground natural gas storage facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Mrs. C
OM-
STOCK , Ms. H AHN, and Mr. H UFFMAN ): H.R. 4430. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to include training for certain employees of air carriers to combat human trafficking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 4431. A bill to direct the Attorney General to reimburse State and local law en-forcement agencies for costs incurred in car-rying out law enforcement activities associ-ated with the armed occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 4432. A bill to establish an interim rule for the operation of small unmanned aircraft for commercial purposes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. BERA, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. K
EATING , Ms. L EE, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. T
AKAI, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. M
CDERMOTT ): H.R. 4433. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to increase the income protection allowances; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GIBSON (for himself, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. C OLLINS  of New York): H.R. 4434. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas (for himself, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. L
OEBSACK ): H.R. 4435. A bill to improve access to men-tal health and substance use disorder preven-tion, treatment, crisis, and recovery serv-ices; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , and Mr. C LAWSON of Florida): H.R. 4436. A bill to amend the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2000 to provide for expedited project implementation relat-ing to the comprehensive Everglades restora-tion plan; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Mr. MILLER of Florida (for himself and Ms. B
ROWN of Florida): H.R. 4437. A bill to extend the deadline for the submittal of the final report required by the Commission on Care; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: H.R. 4438. A bill making emergency supple-mental appropriations to the Environmental Protection Agency to assist the State of Michigan and its residents impacted by the contaminated water crisis; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02FE7.000 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH496 February 2, 2016 
each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4439. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to require that certain public buildings contain a lactation room for public use, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 4440. A bill to amend the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to provide for the construction of the Cheney division, Wichita Federal rec-lamation project, Kansas, and for other purposes‘‘ to extend the authority of the Secretary of the Interior to carry out the Equus Beds Division of the Wichita Project; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-self, Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C ARSON of In-diana, Mr. F
ATTAH , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. L
EWIS, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. R
ANGEL , Mr. R USH, Mr. S COTT of Vir-ginia, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. L
EE, Ms. M AXINE WATERS  of California, Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois): H. Con. Res. 110. Concurrent resolution honoring and praising the National Associa-tion for the Advancement of Colored People on the occasion of its 107th anniversary; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself, Mr. I
SRAEL , and Mr. D EUTCH ): H. Con. Res. 111. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony as part of the commemoration of the days of re-membrance of victims of the Holocaust; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: H. Res. 596. A resolution recognizing the 146th anniversary of the ratification of the 15th amendment to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-self, Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C ARSON of In-diana, Mr. F
ATTAH , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. L
EWIS, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. R
ANGEL , Mr. R USH, Mr. S COTT of Vir-ginia, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. L
EE, Ms. M AXINE WATERS  of California, Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois): H. Res. 597. A resolution recognizing the significance of Black History Month; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H. Res. 598. A resolution congratulating the University of Mount Union football team for winning the 2015 National Collegiate Ath-letic Association Division III Football Cham-pionship; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. WILSON of Florida (for herself, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, Ms. C LARK of Massa-chusetts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. F
ATTAH , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H
ONDA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Ms. L EE, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S
CHIFF , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ): H. Res. 599. A resolution recognizing Janu-ary 2016 as ‘‘National Mentoring Month’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota: H.R. 4425. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress in Article I, Section 8, Clause 7: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To establish Post Offices and post roads’’ By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 4426. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 4427. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 4428. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution Article I Sec-tion 8 By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 4429. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 4430. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Amendment XIII Section 1, ‘‘Neither slavery nor involun-tary servitude, except as punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdic-tion.’’ Section 2, ‘‘Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legisla-tion.’’ By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 4431. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 4432. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution (the ‘‘Commerce Clause’’) By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 4433. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. GIBSON: H.R. 4434. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 4435. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. HASTINGS: H.R. 4436. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 4437. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: H.R. 4438. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 9, clause 7 and Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4439. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 4440. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. G OHMERT . H.R. 188: Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. G RAYSON , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 267: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 317: Mr. H
INOJOSA . H.R. 546: Mr. H
IMES, Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. L
AHOOD, and Mr. B OST. H.R. 556: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 592: Mr. C
OOKand Mr. M ICA. H.R. 624: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 711: Mr. S
HUSTER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 775: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H
UNTER , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , and Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 812: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 814: Mr. D
ENT, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and Mr. M
ICA. H.R. 842: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 846: Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 868: Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 911: Mr. R
IBBLE . H.R. 921: Mr. S
IRES, Mr. L AMBORN , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , and Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 939: Ms. M
OORE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. H
ONDA , and Mr. R ANGEL . H.R. 973: Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 997: Mr. T
IBERI . H.R. 1062: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 1086: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 1209: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 1218: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 1221: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 1233: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina and Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 1258: Ms. B
ROWN of Florida. H.R. 1343: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 1397: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 1399: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 1459: Ms. E
DWARDS . H.R. 1475: Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. N EAL, and Mrs. C
APPS . H.R. 1486: Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. R
IBBLE , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. W
ALDEN , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. T OM P
RICE of Georgia, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. H URT of Virginia, and Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 1492: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 1550: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H.R. 1552: Mr. I
SRAEL . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Apr 22, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\FEB2016\H02FE6.REC H02FE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H497 February 2, 2016 
H.R. 1572: Mr. F LEMING . H.R. 1594: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 1769: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 1781: Mrs. B
EATTY and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 1784: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 1887: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. M EEKS , and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1977: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 2090: Mr. S
WALWELL of California and Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 2125: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 2144: Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 2150: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 2170: Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 2191: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 2197: Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 2215: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H.R. 2224: Ms. E
SHOO and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 2237: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 2264: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. H
ECKof Nevada, and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 2293: Ms. H
AHN, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. C
RENSHAW , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. K
LINE. H.R. 2342: Ms. S
PEIER and Mr. I SRAEL . H.R. 2404: Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. L
EE, and Mr. H ONDA . H.R. 2411: Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 2430: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Mr. R USH. H.R. 2450: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 2460: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2509: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 2515: Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 2520: Mr. J
OLLY and Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 2521: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas and Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2590: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 2597: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 2622: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 2635: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 2651: Mr. H
ECKof Washington. H.R. 2663: Mrs. N
APOLITANO and Mr. P ETER -
SON. H.R. 2737: Mr. G
RAYSON and Mr. R ICHMOND . H.R. 2752: Mr. K
LINE, Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2775: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 2799: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 2802: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 2805: Mr. L
EVIN and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 2894: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 2911: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 3053: Mr. HARRIS . H.R. 3099: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania and Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 3159: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 3209: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 3229: Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 3289: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 3299: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Mr. K INZINGER  of Illinois. H.R. 3339: Ms. D
EGETTE and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 3381: Mr. K
ENNEDY , Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 3399: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 3434: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 3484: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 3514: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 3516: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 3528: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 3539: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 3648: Ms. P
INGREE and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 3684: Mr. T
AKAI and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 3739: Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 3741: Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 3779: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 3797: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3808: Mr. G
UINTA . H.R. 3880: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 3917: Mr. W
ALZ, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 3936: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 3952: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 3957: Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 3965: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 3982: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4013: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 4063: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4069: Mr. R
ANGEL . H.R. 4116: Mr. M
ULVANEY , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , and Mr. H ECKof Washington. H.R. 4146: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 4147: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 4153: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4164: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 4167: Mr. O
LSON and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 4177: Mr. S
ANFORD and Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 4207: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi and Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 4216: Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4223: Mr. R
ANGEL . H.R. 4230: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia and Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 4235: Ms. F
UDGE . H.R. 4247: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 4249: Mr. C
UMMINGS and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 4251: Mr. H
UELSKAMP , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 4279: Mr. J
OYCE . H.R. 4281: Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 4285: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 4293: Mr. H
OLDING and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 4294: Mr. H
OLDING , Mr. R ENACCI , and Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4300: Mr. SANFORD . H.R. 4313: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 4336: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Mr. K LINE, Mr. H ULTGREN , and Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 4362: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 4365: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 4371: Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S ALMON , and Mr. S
TUTZMAN . H.R. 4376: Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 4380: Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. N ORTON , and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4389: Mr. P
OCAN and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 4399: Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 4400: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 4405: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.J. Res. 55: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H. Res. 112: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H. Res. 207: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut and Mr. B
LUM. H. Res. 393: Mr. R
UIZ. H. Res. 451: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H. Res. 540: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. K EATING . H. Res. 541: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H. Res. 548: Mr. K
ILMER . H. Res. 551: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H. Res. 561: Mr. S
CHIFF . H. Res. 569: Ms. H
AHNand Mr. L EWIS. H. Res. 571: Mr. C
OOK, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. D
ESANTIS , and Mr. R ENACCI . H. Res. 575: Mr. P
OLIS, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. L EVIN, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H. Res. 584: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Res. 585: Mr. B
RAT, Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. H
UDSON . H. Res. 589: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia and Mr. M
EEKS . H. Res. 590: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H. Res. 592: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. H ARRIS , and Mr. L
AHOOD. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative S
HERMAN (CA) or a designee to H.R. 766, the Financial Institution Customer Protection Act of 2015, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax bene-fits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE7.010 H02FEPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S453 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2016 No. 19 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Infinite Spirit, generous giver of life’s joys, from Your vantage point of eternity, look afresh into our times. Teach our lawmakers to serve You as they should so that they will do what is best for our Nation and world. As they seek to do Your will, help them to see Your glorious image in humanity and search for opportunities to em-power those on life’s margins. Lord, inspire our Senators to trust the unfolding of Your loving provi-dence so that they will not become weary in doing what is right. May they live with such integrity that Your pur-poses will be accomplished on Earth. Remind us all that it is in giving that we receive and through dying to self that we are born to eternal life. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. C
OL-
LINS). The Republican leader is recog-nized. 
f 
ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, there are a lot of reasons to like the broad bipartisan Energy bill which is before us. You will like it if you are an American interested in producing more energy. You will like it if you are in-terested in paying less for energy. You will like it if you are an American in-terested in saving energy. There are a lot of important reasons to support the Energy Policy Modernization Act. Here’s another one. You will like it if you are an American interested in bol-stering your country’s long-term na-tional security. That is always impor-tant, and Americans are telling us it is especially important today. They see our commanders, for instance, at-tempting to juggle myriad threats from across the globe with diminishing force structure. Well, if we are inter-ested in improving our overall stra-tegic position, then there are ways this broad bipartisan Energy bill can help. First, the Energy Policy Moderniza-tion Act is designed to boost America’s liquefied natural gas exports. That doesn’t just hold potential for Amer-ica’s economy, it holds potential for America’s global leadership, including the security of our allies. We know that Russia is the dominant supplier of natural gas to Western Europe, and we know that building America’s own ex-port capacity can enhance European energy security in the long run. So, in broad strokes, ‘‘by increasing our abil-ity to export natural gas—in the form of liquefied natural gas or LNG—to Eu-rope, the U.S. can weaken Russia’s strategic stronghold while boosting our domestic economy by increasing en-ergy exports.’’ That is how Congress-man CALVERT , a Republican, and Con-gressman I
SRAEL , a Democrat, put it in an op-ed they authored last year after returning from a trip to Ukraine. Here is what a former Obama energy adviser wrote in November: ‘‘Increased LNG trade can also enhance energy se-curity for our allies,’’ he said. ‘‘[Rus-sian state-owned energy giant] Gazprom’s grip on Europe is weak-ening, and U.S. LNG will accelerate that shift even as Russia seeks to counter it. . . .’’ Enhancing America’s own export ca-pacity is also important when you con-sider that Iran has just been freed from Western sanctions and is looking to ex-pand its own trade in energy resources, including its natural gas potential. Ro-bust LNG exports to Asia can also en-hance America’s stature there, too, and give our allies in the region a stable source of energy. Boosting America’s natural gas ex-ports is one reason to support the bill, but here is another. The Energy Policy Modernization Act is designed to re-duce our foreign reliance on minerals and raw materials needed for every-thing from military assets to smart phones. We can strengthen American mineral security by developing our world-class American mineral base. The necessary modern policies can move us ahead, and this bill contains positive steps forward. Here’s what else this bill would do. The Energy Policy Modernization Act is designed to defend our national en-ergy grid from terrorist cyber attacks. It would help prepare us by authorizing additional cyber security research, it would help deter attacks by erecting stronger cyber security defenses, and it would help provide for faster and more effective responses when threats do arise. At the end of the day, here is what you can say about the Energy Policy Modernization Act. It aims to make America more secure in an era of inse-curity. It aims to make America more prosperous in a time of economic un-certainty. It is a bipartisan bill that deserves to pass. It is great to see so many Republicans and Democrats in this Chamber who actually agree with that. It is great to see both sides work-ing with the bill managers to process amendments and move this legislation along. I ask Members to continue working in the same spirit of cooperation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.000 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES454 February 2, 2016 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
FLINT, MICHIGAN, WATER CRISIS Mr. REID. Madam President, in re-cent weeks the Nation has become con-cerned, afraid, and even outraged to learn that nearly 100,000 people who are residents of the city of Flint, MI, have been poisoned. About 9,000 of those poisoned are children under the age of 6 years. Two years ago, in an effort to pinch pennies, an unelected emergency man-ager appointed by Governor Rick Sny-der switched the water supply from the city of Flint, MI, water source to the Flint River. Water from the Flint River is contaminated with lead, bac-teria that causes Legionnaires’ disease, and lots of other bad things. As a re-sult, the residents of Flint, MI, were forced to drink the water. There is no trick photography here. This is a person in Flint, MI. You could go to any house you wanted to go to. This is the water that they were drink-ing and bathing in. It is hard to com-prehend that this went on for such a long time. Can you imagine taking a bath in this, brushing your teeth, or drinking it? How about bathing a new baby? This is your little bathtub. Through no fault of their own, the people of Flint, MI, are being forced to endure a public health crisis that could have been avoided. This is a manmade crisis. We will never know the full ex-tent of the damage to the people who live in Flint, MI—especially to the children. They have been harmed be-cause they have been poisoned by the acts of the leadership in the State of Michigan, especially the Governor of the State of Michigan. The reckless de-cision to switch to unsafe drinking water was forced upon 100,000 people. These people in Flint, MI, are now ex-posed to water with high levels of lead—frighteningly high levels of lead—among other things. This is not just lead. There is bacteria, and they haven’t determined the full extent of it. It is established. I can remember when I first came to this body many, many years ago. I had the good fortune to chair a number of hearings in the environment com-mittee dealing with lead poisoning. At the time that we studied it, lead poisoning was lead that children in-gested—children who lived in develop-ments where there were large amounts of lead-based paint. The children who ate this lead—not on purpose—were not what they could have been. It affected their brains. This lead in water, lead anyplace, af-fects the brain. It affects adults, too, but especially children. Lead causes se-rious problems for adults, as I men-tioned, but it is especially dangerous for children, causing lifetime effects. You can’t get well. They have a pro-gram where they try to take the blood out and run it through a purifier. It takes a long time, but there are no safe levels of lead for children. After the city made this wrong deci-sion to switch its water source, it was really very quickly that the citizens of Flint complained that the water was discolored, and it also smelled. Every-one began to develop rashes. The response of State government was appalling. Rick Snyder, the Gov-ernor of Michigan, is one of those who berates government all the time. Emails released from his office just last week referred to a resident who said she was told by a State nurse in January 2015, a little over a year ago— she was complaining about her son’s elevated blood levels. The nurse told this woman: It is just a few IQ points. It is not the end of the world. Can you imagine a health care work-er telling someone: It is your baby, but it is just a few IQ points. No big deal. It is not the end of the world. This was a State nurse. The water was so poisonous that Gen-eral Motors, the manufacturer of auto-mobile parts there, stopped using the source for their Flint engine operations because the parts corroded during the manufacturing process. They had to stop using this water. People were still drinking this water and bathing in this water. Despite overwhelming evidence that a city in his State had lead poisoning, Governor Snyder failed to act and pro-tect the people of Flint. This went on for a long time. As Flint struggles to recover from this terrible public health problem, an investigation will determine who ex-actly is to blame for this reckless deci-sion. We know who caused the problem. This was a manmade disaster, as I said earlier, but now we must act to protect the residents of Flint. This pro-tection should start with repairs to their water infrastructure. Like many cities—and there are quite a few in the Midwest—Flint has lead pipes, but the highly corrosive nature of the Flint River damaged them. It ate away at the insides of those pipes. Now these lead pipes are leaching into the clean water supply from Lake Huron. It will cost over $1 billion to replace Flint’s corroded water infrastructure. The people in Flint, MI, are strug-gling. There has been money spent there. Flint had been doing quite well until this came along. There was a new vitality. But now people are afraid to eat in restaurants, and the businesses have been terribly damaged because people don’t believe the water is pure. A lot of these restaurants, for example, put in their own water supply and water purification system, but people don’t believe it. They are afraid. We need this done now. The State and Federal Government must cooper-ate now to end this crisis, which re-quires that we make investments. I re-peat: now. President Obama has declared a state of emergency in Flint, MI, and given FEMA, the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency, the authority to pro-vide resources for the people of Flint. The problem is that right now they are just getting bottled water. The infra-structure is so bad. Governor Snyder has finally—fi-nally—declared a state of emergency and finally apologized for his adminis-tration’s slow response. The Governor’s apology is too late. The residents of Flint have already been poisoned. It is too bad the people on that side of the aisle disparage the government all the time. It is too intrusive. It is too involved. It is detrimental to our society. The Governor of Michigan is one of the leading cheerleaders of that theory. He denigrates government every single chance he gets. But to whom does he turn when the State of Michigan is in trouble? To the Federal Government. When emergency strikes, the Federal Government steps in. That is one of the responsibilities we have to protect America. So I hope Senate Republicans will support our efforts to protect the peo-ple of Flint in this time of need. Sen-ator M
URKOWSKI —the chair of that im-portant committee that has jurisdic-tion of the bill that is before this body today—is working with Senator C
ANT-
WELL . They are committed to doing something to help in this. Let’s make sure we support them. Sadly, some of the same Republicans who have called for relief when their States faced natural disasters are dis-paraging government action in Flint. For example, last year, Texas was dev-astated with historic flooding. But who stepped in? It was the Federal Govern-ment that stepped in to provide dis-aster relief for the people of Texas. That is why I was disappointed to see the senior Senator from Texas say: ‘‘While we all have sympathy for what’s happened in Flint, this is pri-marily a local and state responsi-bility.’’ He didn’t say that when the flooding was taking place in Texas. Last year, as Florida was hit with ex-treme flooding, the junior Senator from Florida called for Federal disaster assistance. But when it comes to the children and families of Flint, the Sen-ator, who finished third last night in the Iowa caucuses, cautions against any action. This is what he said about Flint: ‘‘I believe the federal govern-ment’s role in some of these things (is) largely limited unless it involves a fed-eral jurisdictional issue.’’ Well, the issue was that the State of Michigan didn’t do what it was sup-posed to do. The junior Senator from Florida is not alone. Republican Senators rou-tinely rush to the floor to demand Fed-eral aid when trouble hits their back-yard. That is the right thing to do. Americans help each other in times of crisis. This week the Senate has a chance to help the families suffering through a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.002 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S455 February 2, 2016 
public health crisis. I hope Republicans who have had difficulties in the past and have requested Federal aid for their States won’t turn their backs on the people of Michigan. If a Federal Government response is necessary for natural disasters, shouldn’t the Federal Government help respond to these manmade disasters? The examples I gave in Texas and Flor-ida were not manmade disasters; this is. We remain committed to giving the people of Flint, MI, what they need during this crisis—help from the Fed-eral Government to restore clean, safe water. But the Federal Government cannot do it all. The people of Flint, MI, should understand that the Gov-ernor of Michigan is costing them a lot of money, and it is going to cost the taxpayers of Michigan a lot more be-cause the Federal Government cannot do it all. Senator S
TABENOW and Senator P
ETERS have proposed an amendment to the bill before us that provides emergency relief to address the Flint water crisis. I support that. The people of Flint have been poisoned. We owe our fellow citizens swift action to ad-dress this medical emergency. I urge my colleagues, especially my Republican friends, to support the Sta-benow-Peters amendment to give the people of Flint the relief they so des-perately need. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 11 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The Senator from Utah. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, par-liamentary inquiry. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator will state her parliamentary in-quiry. Mrs. BOXER. Yes, is it a fact that the Senator from Utah will have 10 minutes and then the floor will be open for other Senators at that time? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order for business is every Senator is entitled to speak for up to 10 minutes each until the hour of 11 a.m. Mrs. BOXER. Well, that was my par-liamentary inquiry. So each Senator has 10 minutes, and then at the expira-tion of 10 minutes, the floor would be open; is that correct? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Absent any consent agreement to the con-trary, the Senator is correct. Mrs. BOXER. Thank you so much. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. f 
JUDICIAL REDRESS ACT Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I rise today to emphasize the importance of the Judicial Redress Act. This is a bill that the Senate Judiciary Committee favorably reported last week by an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote of 19 to 1. As I speak, the Senate majority and minority leaders are in the process of clearing this legislation by unanimous consent. I am optimistic the Senate will pass the Judicial Redress Act in the coming days and that ultimately we will send this legislation to the President’s desk. I thank Senator C
HRIS MURPHY for introducing this important bill with me and for the broad support we have built among both Republicans and Democrats. I also wish to acknowledge the good work of Representatives J
IMSENSEN -
BRENNER and J OHN CONYERS for their efforts in the House. They have been stalwarts in advancing this important legislation in the House of Representa-tives. It has been a true bipartisan, bi-cameral event. Simply stated, the Judicial Redress Act would extend certain data protec-tions and remedies available to U.S. citizens under the Privacy Act to Euro-pean citizens by allowing them to cor-rect flawed information in their records and, in rare instances, the op-tion to pursue legal remedies if Federal agencies improperly disclose their data. Our legislation fights an inequity—a reciprocal benefit that has been with-held from our European allies with lit-tle justification. Cross-border data flows between the United States and Europe are the highest in the world. Today most countries in the European Union affirmatively provide data pro-tection rights to Americans on Euro-pean soil. Our European allies and their citizens should likewise have ac-cess to the core benefits of the Privacy Act when in the United States. It is the right and fair thing to do. Passing the Judicial Redress Act is critical to rati-fication of the Data Privacy and Pro-tection Agreement, commonly called the ‘‘umbrella agreement.’’ This agree-ment allows for data transfers between European and American law enforce-ment officials for the purpose of fight-ing and investigating crime, including terrorism. European officials have said they will not ratify the umbrella agreement until Congress provides EU citizens with limited judicial redress. Our bill is key to providing reciprocity to our European allies and will serve as the catalyst to finalizing the long-awaited data protection deal. The U.S. Department of Justice, which supports this legislation, states that failure to finalize the umbrella agreement ‘‘would dramatically reduce cooperation and significantly hinder counterterrorism efforts.’’ Given the global state of affairs, we simply can-not risk losing the critical benefits of the umbrella agreement. As chairman of the Senate Repub-lican High-Tech Task Force, I am al-ways seeking ways to keep our Amer-ican technology industry at the fore-front of the global economy. I am con-vinced that passing the Judicial Re-dress Act will build much needed good will with our European allies. We are currently negotiating a new safe har-bor agreement—an international agree-ment that allows U.S. technology com-panies to move digital information be-tween the European Union and the United States. For years, safe harbor rules have ben-efited U.S. technology companies that provide cloud services to their Euro-pean customers. Without a safe harbor agreement, however, U.S. cloud-based companies seeking to do business in Europe would be forced to negotiate with 28 individual countries in the Eu-ropean Union over how their citizens’ data is collected and stored. Such a re-quirement would disrupt and chill transatlantic business operations, jeop-ardize countless American jobs, and stifle American domestic innovation. Indeed, businesses of all sizes and in all sectors would face profound con-sequences if we do not conclude a new safe harbor agreement. The economic damage would be sig-nificant and relatively immediate, and the consequences could be cata-strophic, especially for small enter-prises. Failure to reach an agreement would impact the economies of both the United States and our friends in the European Union. If we are unable to reach a final safe harbor agreement soon, Congress must be prepared to take appropriate action to ensure that these negative con-sequences do not come to fruition. In the meantime, it is critically im-portant that Congress pass the Judicial Redress Act. I am pleased that the Sen-ate is swiftly moving toward this end, and I am optimistic that we will have a successful resolution in the coming days. I thank my colleagues on both sides of the floor for their support in this ef-fort. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to speak for up to 20 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FLINT, MICHIGAN, WATER CRISIS AND ALISO CANYON NATURAL GAS LEAK Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, I am on the floor to talk about a situation that is occurring in my home State with a leak—a natural gas leak that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.003 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES456 February 2, 2016 
creating havoc in one of my commu-nities. But before I do, I wish to com-ment on the issue that my Democratic leader talked about, which is the poi-soning of children in Flint, MI, due to lead in the drinking water. Maybe I am old-fashioned, but I be-lieve that when you hurt a child, that is the lowest thing you can do. There is nothing lower in life than hurting an innocent child. That means if you abuse a child, if you taunt a child—but when you poison a child and their brain is damaged for the rest of their life— that is the lowest thing an adult can do. Any adult who knew that these children were being poisoned and looked the other way, in my view, is liable. You don’t hurt a child. You don’t hurt a child—let alone for life— and destroy their mind. I know that Senators S
TABENOW and P
ETERS are working hard with the Re-publicans to come up with something to help the people there, and I hope that it will work out. I know that in my committee on the environment we have been working with them, along with Senator I
NHOFE , so we can do something. But it is after the fact. It is not as if you can make this damage go away. What shocked me was that on the heels of this tragedy and travesty in Flint, MI, we were marking up a bill, and the Republicans, to a person, sup-ported the ability of people spraying pesticides into drinking water not to have to get a permit anymore and to take away the authority of the EPA to require a permit if you are going to spray harmful pesticides with toxins into a drinking water supply. This is what my Republican friends did in the environment committee. I think they ought to change the name of that committee to the pollution committee. What is that? In addition, the underlying bill says you can never regulate the lead in fishing tackle under TSCA. Lead. Hello? We now know what lead does when it gets into drinking water. If there are ways to have less toxic fishing tackle, shouldn’t we try to make that happen if it is available? So here we have a bill called the sportsmen’s bill. Lots of things in there are wonderful and I support wholeheartedly, but now we are going to say you can never regulate the lead in fishing tackle under TSCA? Then you are going to say you don’t need a permit to spray pesticides into a water supply? You have to be kidding. We talk a lot about defending the American people. We have to do it abroad and at home because dead is dead. It is a serious issue when you ex-pose people to toxins. They get cancer. They have brain damage. I am hopeful we can do something for the people of Flint and stand with them, but I will tell you it is not going to let people off the hook. Anybody who knew this was happening and turned away or said: Who cares? It is a poor community, they will be punished at some point, even if in their own heart. We cannot disconnect from that incident to what we are doing today in saying you no longer need a permit to dump pesticides into drinking water. What are people thinking? Are we so beholden to special moneyed interests that we can’t tell them they have to have responsibility? Defending our peo-ple means having a smart policy to de-fend them from terror, which I support, but it also means protecting and de-fending them with reasonable rules and regulations so we don’t poison them here at home or hurt the brains of their kids. I want to show something that is happening in my State as we speak. This is quite a picture. It shows what a gas leak looks like: plumes of methane gas above a community. This is an in-frared camera. This is what is hap-pening from a natural gas leak. It didn’t happen yesterday and it didn’t happen a month ago. It happened on October 23, and it is still out of control. I have submitted an amendment on be-half of myself and Senator FEINSTEIN  today to get some of the brightest minds from the Department of En-ergy—and there are very bright minds over there—to take a look at what the heck is happening and why it is that this is running amuck. It is now burn-ing longer than the BP oilspill. I re-member so well because I worked so hard on the committee with all of my colleagues, with Senator Landrieu and others, to get to the bottom of why it was happening, and we sent Stephen Chu, who was then Secretary of En-ergy. Guess what. In the BP spill, he figured out a better way to track the spill and therefore contain it by using gamma rays, as I remember. As of last week, almost 3,700 house-holds have been relocated to hotels and other temporary housing because the residents who live right here are expe-riencing headaches, nausea, dizziness, nose bleeds, and other side effects stemming from the rotten egg smell, the chemicals that give the natural gas its artificial odor. This is Aliso Canyon. Schools have temporarily closed because the kids and teachers can’t stand the smell all day. People’s homes, their furniture, everything they have left behind are becoming infused with this horrid smell and the chemicals. It is a dis-aster for these residents and for many local businesses struggling to stay afloat. We see here, this is the Aliso Canyon leaking well site, but the plume is all over this community. I want to share a couple of other photos because we know a picture is worth a thousand words. These are children, sick of being sick at school. This is a mom who is having serious headaches. That is why this amend-ment is so important because this is what is happening and, by the way, could happen probably anywhere where there are these natural gas storage sites. There are 400 in America—400, in America. This is the first, and we had better deal with it and figure out how to deal with it because right now it is running amuck. One of my constituents said: My hus-band and I moved there over 3 years ago. We poured a lot of money into this home, our dream home, thinking it was a perfect area to move. I am expecting. We had difficulties trying to conceive. The joy has been robbed from us be-cause we have had to relocate twice. I am fearful to bring my newborn baby back to Porter Ranch. That is the community here, Porter Ranch. She said: I am fearful to bring my newborn baby back to Porter Ranch when the time comes and they say the coast is clear. Another one. This particular indi-vidual, Scott McClure, was quoted in the L.A. Times: I can’t go outside and play baseball with my sons. I can’t go on walks with my family. My youngest son has been moved to another school. My property value has dropped dra-matically. I get headaches, stomach aches. . . . 
The California Air Resources Board estimates that more than 86.5 million kilograms of methane—a powerful greenhouse gas—have been emitted into the atmosphere. So we move from a disaster for our families—reflected in this woman’s face—to a disaster for the environment because it is, so far, 2.2 million tons of carbon dioxide. That is the equivalent of the methane that has poured into the atmosphere. That is more greenhouse gas than 468,000 cars emit in 1 year. Just think, in over 3 months this one leak has emitted as much as half a million cars do in an en-tire year. We have worked so hard across party lines here to make sure our cars have good fuel economy and don’t emit so much of this greenhouse gas, and now we have seen as much as half a million cars in an entire year. That is what has come into the atmos-phere. This leaking well is 8,600 feet deep. The leak is thought to be around 500 feet below the surface. The gas com-pany has unsuccessfully attempted to kill the well seven times by plugging it with brine and gravel. They are now at-tempting to drill a relief well down to the reservoir and cut the resisting well at its base, but this may not be com-pleted in another month. If it isn’t suc-cessful, they will have to start over again. So—October 23. We are now starting February, and these people have lived with this extraordinary disaster over them. I pray that this nightmare will be over and people can move back to their homes and that they have the peace of mind that their homes are clean and their air is clean and the community will return to normal. In the meantime, we have to figure out what caused this leak and how to pre-vent it from happening again at Aliso Canyon and everywhere around the country where there are 400 similar sites. On January 6, 2016, the Governor of the State of California declared an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.005 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S457 February 2, 2016 
emergency for Los Angeles County due to the Aliso Canyon natural gas leak. State regulators have been working with the gas company and with Federal PHMSA and EPA. PHMSA is hazardous pipeline. They check to make sure those hazardous pipelines—the pipe-lines that carry this hazardous mate-rial—are safe. They have been working as they have been providing consulta-tion. I want to say that the working group on climate change called in the Federal people who were working in PHMSA and the EPA. They are doing con-ference calls and they are working, but it is not enough. It is not enough. We need the best minds—the best minds— and that is why Senator F
EINSTEIN and I have offered this amendment today. It is at the desk. Under the amendment, the Depart-ment of Energy Secretary would lead a broad review of this leak, including the cause, the response, and the impacts on communities and the environment. They will issue a finding to all of us, all of our committees, as we listen, and to the President, within 6 months, but if they find something in the course of their investigation that can solve this leak or prevent another leak—in the Presiding Officer’s State or anybody’s State—they would have to come for-ward and make it clear and report that finding. The task force includes representa-tives of PHMSA—the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administra-tion—Department of Health and Human Services, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and the De-partment of Commerce. We have a small task force here. Is it now seven? Seven. The reason is, we don’t want some big bureaucracy. We want a small task force to meet, headed by Sec-retary Moniz, who is an outstanding scientist, and we want them to help solve this crisis and provide relief for the thousands of affected residents when they come in with their analysis. We want to make sure—we want to make sure—this doesn’t happen again in anybody’s State, because when you have a constituent like this in your State who comes out and says: My God, I don’t know what to do, that is what is on this face. I don’t know what to do. I am scared. My kids are breathing this. I am breathing this. Where do I go? So we need our brightest minds, ab-solutely, dealing with this, and that is what our amendment does. Again, we have more than 400 under-ground natural gas storage facilities. We have nine in California. This is a public health and public safety issue that is critical for people not only in my State but across the Nation. Again, we know our most sacred re-sponsibility is to keep our people safe. Whenever we say that, people right away think about what is happening abroad and homeland security and tak-ing on ISIL and doing everything we have to do to keep our people safe. We have the Super Bowl coming up in my beautiful State. Believe me, we are fo-cused on that. This is a great nation. We know how to take care of our peo-ple. Therefore, when we see a woman or children like this saying they are sick and we see this—and this is what the people of California are seeing in their living rooms, the picture of this out-of- control plume going on since October 23—we think: Wait a minute. This is the greatest country in the world, with the greatest minds in the world, the greatest science in the world. We have so many wonderful things, and we can’t stop this leak? My God. It is ridiculous. I was frustrated after I had that meeting because we are very much alike in many ways. We want to solve a problem, and we don’t want bureauc-racy to get in the way. We want to get the best people. Who cares who gets the credit? Sit around and get it done. When I had this meeting with those Federal officials who were on these conference calls, I got a clear sense, after all my years of experience—and I have had a lot. When I started out, I didn’t have all this gray hair. The bottom line is, I know from expe-rience that it doesn’t feel like some-body is truly in charge. That is why Senator F
EINSTEIN and I are giving this amendment all of our heart and soul. We hope that our friends on the other side will sign off on it because I know the Democratic side has. I believe they will. We are working with them right now on a couple of issues. If this passes and becomes the law of the land, we will finally have someone in charge here at the Federal level, someone so bright, so smart—Sec-retary Moniz. I have a lot of faith in him. I think a lot of us do. He is in it for the right reasons. I think if he goes in there and they start to take a look at this, they may well find something right away that has been overlooked that could stop this horrific leak. I want to close with this: Califor-nians are leaders in so many areas— technology, entertainment, and trade. We would be the seventh or eighth largest economy in the world. I don’t want to be a leader showing the way to the future with this kind of a travesty. I want to solve the problem. I want to tell my friends here in the Senate that we have the technology to solve it; we have leak-detection sys-tems to find these problems before they happen. This particular yard started in the fifties. If you built a house in the fifties, you have to keep making im-provements. I don’t know the history of all of this, and I am not getting into that now. We are where we are. But I would suggest that if this natural gas yard was set up in the fifties, I don’t think there were a lot of homes around at that time. Let’s be clear. We have to think about these things, where we place these facilities. If I were in an-other State right now—and I am going to do this in California: I am going to look at the eight other facilities in my State. God forbid, if they have a leak, what is going to happen and how can we prevent it? Maybe there is an easy way to maintain these pipes in a way that makes sense. If we can find that out, we can stop this. We can say: This was horrible. We stopped it, and we are going to be able to prevent other explo-sions like this from happening. And if they do happen, we will know how to deal with it. We are not going to subject kids to this where they have to go out with signs—and, by the way, masks around their necks—that say ‘‘relocate our school’’ and ‘‘sick of being sick at school’’ and dislocate these kids, and they have been dislocated. They have been dislocated from their school. You know how it is for a kid. You have your world. Your world is your home. Your world is your school. Your world is your family. That is it. When you dis-rupt that, it is very difficult on our children. I hope and pray that we will get this done today and that we will get the De-partment of Energy ready to go on this. Even if we pass it here and we don’t get it quickly to the House and they don’t do it quickly, I think we will send a signal to the Department of Energy that they can look at this now and help in a way where they would have the confidence that we would all be behind that here in the Senate. I am looking forward to a vote on this. I hope we have a voice vote. We don’t need a recorded vote on some-thing like this. I am going to continue to work with the Republican leaders on this. I hope we can move forward. I thank you so much for your pa-tience and your time. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION BILL Mr. THUNE. Madam President, one of the things the Republicans were de-termined to do when we took the ma-jority in the Senate last January was to get the Senate working again for American families. Under Democratic control, the Sen-ate had basically ground to a halt. The Democratic leadership spent its time pushing partisan show votes instead of putting in any real work on the chal-lenges that are facing our Nation. Re-publicans were committed to changing that. Since we took the majority last January, we have worked hard to once again make the Senate a place for seri-ous debate and serious legislation. We have succeeded. Last year we passed a number of sig-nificant bipartisan bills, including a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.007 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES458 February 2, 2016 
major reform of No Child Left Behind and a multiyear transportation bill that will strengthen our infrastructure and put Americans to work. This week we are beginning consider-ation of a bipartisan energy bill to modernize our Nation’s energy policies for the 21st century. This bill is the product of months of work by Repub-lican and Democratic Senators and staffers on the Energy and Natural Re-sources Committee. Senators held four full committee hearings and spent countless hours hammering out the legislation that is before us today. This bill is a great example of the kind of substantive, bipartisan legislation we can produce when the Senate is work-ing the way it is supposed to work. Among many other things, this bill will streamline the application process to make it easier for American compa-nies to export liquefied natural gas. The natural gas industry in the United States has grown by leaps and bounds in recent years, and our economy will benefit tremendously when U.S. com-panies start exporting American lique-fied natural gas this year. Liquefied natural gas exports from the United States will also strengthen our allies in Europe by allowing them to rely on the United States for their import needs instead of relying on aggressive na-tions like Russia. I have also submitted several amend-ments to this bill, including an amend-ment to streamline the permitting process for wind development. Amer-ican wind developers cite permitting delays as one of the chief obstacles to development of this clean energy source. My amendment will remove this roadblock and allow wind genera-tion and the jobs that it creates to move forward more quickly. I have also submitted an amendment that would examine whether hydro-electric dams in places like the Mis-souri River in my home State of South Dakota could be paired with future hydrokinetic generation to better har-ness the great energy potential of our rivers. I have submitted an amendment to prevent the Environmental Protection Agency from moving ahead with a lower ground-level ozone standard until 85 percent of the U.S. counties that are not yet able to meet the old smog standard are able to meet the old requirements. We should prioritize the worst cases of smog in America before imposing significant economic burdens or limiting energy generation in other areas. One thing Republicans always say when we talk about energy is that we need an ‘‘all of the above’’ energy pol-icy. What do we mean by that? We mean that we need to focus on devel-oping all of our Nation’s energy re-sources, from renewable fuels, such as wind and solar, to traditional sources of energy, such as oil and natural gas. That is the only way to make sure Americans have access to a stable, reli-able energy supply and to keep our en-ergy sector thriving. The bill we are considering today is an ‘‘all of the above’’ energy bill. It in-vests in a wide range of clean energies, from nuclear, to hydroelectric, to geo-thermal. It supports traditional sources of energy. It modernizes our Nation’s electrical grid. It promotes energy efficiency. It encourages con-servation. That is the kind of energy policy we need to take our energy sec-tor into the 21st century. Unfortunately, the President has re-peatedly blocked domestic energy de-velopment and the jobs it would create. He rejected the Keystone XL Pipeline— a project that his own State Depart-ment found would have virtually no impact on the environment and that would have supported 42,000 jobs during construction. He has blocked attempts to tap our vast domestic oil reserves in Alaska. His EPA has imposed a steady stream of burdensome regulations that are making it more expensive to produce American energy. The Presi-dent’s national energy tax will drive up energy bills for poor and middle-class families and reduce our Nation’s en-ergy security, while doing very little to help our environment. Similarly, the President’s waters of the United States rule will place heavy regulatory bur-dens on farmers, ranches, homeowners, and small businesses across the coun-try. President Obama might like to think that the United States can rely on a few boutique renewable energies, but the truth is that our Nation is simply not there yet. Efforts to impede other, more traditional and reliable types of energy production simply punish American families who then face soar-ing energy prices and fewer jobs in the energy sector. Robust domestic energy production coupled with commonsense energy effi-ciency measures will create jobs, en-hance the reliability of our energy sup-ply, spur economic development, and help keep energy costs low. Those are the kinds of energy policies that this bill supports. Last Friday we learned that the economy grew at a rate of seven-tenths of 1 percent in the fourth quarter of 2015. Needless to say, that is not where we need to be in terms of economic growth. The recession may have tech-nically ended 6
1⁄2years ago, but our economy has never fully rebounded. Economic growth has been persistently weak during the Obama recovery, and there are no signs of substantial im-provement in the near future. In his-torical terms, the Obama recovery is the weakest economic recovery since the Eisenhower administration. If you rank the 66 years since 1950 in terms of economic growth, the Obama years rank 45th, 46th, 47th, 48th, 54th, 55th, and 66th. Let me repeat that. If you rank the 66 years since 1950 in terms of economic growth, the Obama years rank 45th, 46th, 47th, 48th, 54th, 55th, and 66th—or dead last. It is no wonder the American people are tired of living in the Obama economy. Given this weak economic growth, removing impediments to energy devel-opment is more important than ever. A thriving energy sector can help us overcome the weakness of the Obama recovery and usher in a new era of stronger economic growth. According to former CBO Director Douglas Holtz-Eakin, the difference be-tween a 2.5-percent growth rate and a 3.5-percent growth rate would have a major impact on the quality of life for low- and middle-income families. If our economy grew at just 1 percentage point faster per year, we would have 21⁄2 million more jobs and average incomes would be nearly $9,000 higher—$9,000 higher. That is the difference between owning your own home and renting one. It is the difference between being able to send your kids to college and forcing them to go deeply into debt to pay for their education. It is the dif-ference between a secure retirement and being forced to work well into old age. Additionally, an additional per-centage point in economic growth will reduce our annual deficits by $300 bil-lion. That in turn would further im-prove the health of our economy. The American people have suffered long enough in the Obama economy. They are ready for a new era of strong economic growth; an era built upon free enterprise, not big government programs; an era that focuses on growth, opportunity, and income mo-bility, not redistribution of shrinking economic resources; an era that re-wards innovators and entrepreneurs rather than punishes them. Over the next year, Americans who are ready for a change from Obama’s failed policies will hear from congres-sional Republicans who are increas-ingly focused on getting our economy working again. Reforming our Tax Code and reining in regulations, repeal-ing and replacing ObamaCare, strengthening our international secu-rity by rebuilding our military, and re-forming outdated poverty programs will be the foundation of our agenda for a more prosperous future. Americans will also continue to hear from a Republican-led Senate that it is focused on moving bipartisan bills to improve economic security for Amer-ican families. The bill before us today is one of those bills. It will help con-sumers use less energy and free up en-ergy producers to develop resources and create jobs. I am glad the Senate is focused on an ‘‘all of the above’’ energy approach that supports energy growth and devel-opment in this country. I thank Sen-ator M
URKOWSKI for her leadership and work on this bill. I look forward to working on more bills here in the Sen-ate that will strengthen economic se-curity for American families. That is what we should be about—better, more robust growth in the American econ-omy that creates better paying jobs for American workers and families. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts is recognized. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.011 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S459 February 2, 2016 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Hearing none, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRESCRIPTION DRUG ADDICTION Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I am here to talk about a public health epidemic that kills more people in the United States every year than gun vio-lence or motor vehicle accidents. Last year, drug overdoses killed nearly 50,000 Americans. Almost 60 percent of those overdoses were caused by pre-scription opioids or heroin. Drug overdoses are increasing the death rate of young adults in the United States to levels not experienced since the AIDS epidemic, more than 20 years ago. These skyrocketing death rates make them the first generation since the time of the Vietnam war to experience higher death rates in early adulthood than the generation that preceded them. So we ask ourselves: What specifi-cally is causing this tidal wave of ad-diction and overdoses? Well, the answer is clear. Over the last 10 years, the Drug Enforcement Agency has in-creased the amount of oxycodone it has approved for manufacturing by 150 per-cent. For 2016, the DEA has told Big Pharma it is OK to make nearly 1.4 million grams of oxy. That is enough for almost 15 billion 10-milligram pills. Let me say that again: That is enough for almost 15 billion 10-milligram pills to be sold in America this year. That is a full bottle of potent painkillers for every man, woman, and child in the United States of America for 2016. This tsunami of opioid addiction is swal-lowing families as quickly as Big Pharma wants Americans to swallow its pills. Yet, despite this raging epi-demic, you would think the Food and Drug Administration, the agency re-sponsible for the safety of all prescrip-tion drugs in the United States, would welcome every bit of expert advice it can get from doctors and other public health professionals. In fact, the FDA’s own rules call for it to establish an independent advisory committee of ex-perts to assist the agency when it con-siders a question that is controversial or of great public interest, such as whether to allow a new addictive pre-scription painkiller to be marketed in the United States. Instead, the FDA has put up a sign in its window: ‘‘No Help Wanted.’’ The FDA began turning its back on advisory committees in 2013 when an expert panel established to re-view the powerful new opioid painkiller Zohydro voted 11 to 2 against recom-mending its approval, but the FDA ap-proved the drug anyway, overruling the concerns voiced by experienced physi-cians on the panel. Those experts criti-cized the agency for ignoring this in-credible growing epidemic. The advi-sory panel warned that this Oxycontin epidemic—this heavily abused prescrip-tion painkiller that the FDA first ap-proved back in 1995—needed a new test for safety. They warned about the growing dangers of addiction, abuse, and dependence associated with the en-tire class of opioid painkillers. Justifi-ably, the FDA was lambasted for its de-cision to approve Zohydro by public health experts, doctors, Governors, and Members of Congress. But despite the warning of real-world dangers of abuse and dependence on these new super-charged opioid painkillers, the FDA willfully blinded itself to warning signs. In 2014, in the wake of the Zohydro decision, the FDA twice skipped the advisory committee process altogether when it approved the new prescription opioids Targiniq and Hysingla. Then, in August 2015, the FDA did it again. This time it bypassed an advisory com-mittee on the question of a new use for Oxycontin for children aged 11 to 16. This time the FDA even ignored its own rules that specifically called for an advisory committee when a ques-tion of pediatric dosing is involved. In other words, there is a special category when children are involved that calls for advisory committees, and the FDA ignored that. At this point it became clear that the FDA was intentionally choosing to forgo an advisory committee in order to avoid another overwhelming vote recommending against approval of a prescription opioid. Why? Because the FDA would then have had to ignore yet another group of experts in order to continue its relentless march to put more drugs into the marketplace. With the Oxycontin-for-kids decision, the FDA’s reckless attitude toward ex-pert advice on drug safety went too far. Children whose brains are not yet fully developed are especially vulnerable to drug dependency and abuse. Yet the agency focused its so-called safety analysis only on concerns about proper dosing, saying that it needed only to tell doctors the proper doses for chil-dren who needed the drug. Well, that is just plain wrong. We use experts to determine if child car seats are safe, if toothpaste is safe, and if vaccines are safe. We should use ex-perts to determine if the opioid pain-killers are safe for our families. We need to immediately reform the Food and Drug Administration opioid ap-proval process if we want to stop this epidemic of prescription drug and her-oin addiction. Last week I placed a hold on the nomination of Dr. Robert Califf to head the FDA. Before I can support this nomination, the FDA must make three needed changes to its opioid approval process. First, the FDA needs to make sure that every opioid approval ques-tion is reviewed by an external panel of experts. Second, the FDA needs to con-sider addiction, abuse, and dependence as part of its determination of whether an opioid is safe. The FDA cannot con-tinue to operate as if safety just means dosage, when it should include all of the dangers, as well, of these pain-killers. And third, the FDA should re-scind its decision on Oxycontin for kids and then convene an advisory panel, as it should have done in the first place. Then the FDA can consider the Oxycontin-for-kids decision with the benefit of that panel’s independent ad-vice and with the proper meaning of safety in mind. The FDA must commit to shift the way it approaches and evaluates addic-tion before I can consider supporting Dr. Califf’s nomination. The prescription drug and heroin epi-demic knows no geographic boundaries, and our response should know no polit-ical boundary. That is why Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL and I worked together to identify solutions to this crisis. Last spring, Senator M
CCONNELL  and I joined together in calling for a Surgeon General’s report on the opioid crisis. Last fall, Surgeon General Vivek Murthy announced that he will be issuing a new report on the substance abuse crisis this year. Fifty years ago, there was a historic report on smoking that changed the way our country viewed that. This is the same kind of report that we need from our Surgeon General for our country to see, but that is just the first step in a larger comprehensive national strategy that I am fighting for this year. We need to stop the overprescription of pain medication that is leading to heroin addiction and fueling this crisis. That starts with the prescribers. We need to ensure that all prescribers of opioid painkillers are educated about the dangers of addiction and appro-priate and responsible prescribing prac-tices. I have a bill that requires every pre-scriber of opioid pain medication in this country, as a condition of receiv-ing their DEA prescribing license, to be trained in the best practices of using pain medications and methods to iden-tify and manage an opioid-use disorder. Stopping overprescription also includes narrowing the pipeline at the front end. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). The Senator’s time has ex-pired. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to continue for 2 additional minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, this means that the DEA needs to reduce the quotas of oxycodone and hydrocodone that it approves for man-ufacture each year. The DEA is allow-ing Big Pharma to manufacture too many of these pain pills. Although the United States is less than 5 percent of the world’s population, Americans con-sume 80 percent of the global supply of opioid painkillers and 99 percent of the world’s supply of hydrocodone, the ac-tive ingredient in Vicodin. Tragically, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.013 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES460 February 2, 2016 
we have become the ‘‘United States of oxy.’’ With the opioid epidemic reaching epic proportions, our Federal budget should reflect the magnitude and im-portance of investing in treatment and recovery services. In Massachusetts, approximately 65,000 people are currently dependent on opioids. Some 50,000 need treatment but are not receiving it. Treatment for prescription drug and heroin addiction is absolutely at the top of the list of the things this Congress should deal with, and that is why we need to work together. We need to make sure that the treatment is there for each of these patients, and that includes ensuring that patients receive from a physician the help they may need from Suboxone. Right now, that is denied to many dif-ferent patients. I have been in Congress for 39 years. I have never actually seen an issue like this that has grown so quickly and af-fects so many families in our country. Not a day goes by in the State of Mas-sachusetts where someone doesn’t come up to me and talk to me about a family member who has been affected by this epidemic. It is time for us to join together in a bipartisan fashion to produce the kind of legislation to give hope to families and let them know that relief is on the way, and that pre-vention and treatment will be there to help their families deal with this crisis. I hope we can accomplish that goal this year, and I believe we can do it on a bipartisan basis. I yield back the remainder of my time with thanks to the Senator from Alaska for her indulgence. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 2012, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2012) to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Murkowski amendment No. 2953, in the na-ture of a substitute. Murkowski (for Cassidy/Markey) amend-ment No. 2954 (to amendment No. 2953), to provide for certain increases in, and limita-tions on, the drawdown and sales of the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve. Murkowski amendment No. 2963 (to amend-ment No. 2953), to modify a provision relat-ing to bulk-power system reliability impact statements. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. 
DRUG ADDICTION  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, be-fore I begin my remarks this morning about the Energy Policy Modernization Act, I wish to acknowledge my col-league from Massachusetts. I come from a very large, remote State. About 80 percent of the communities in Alas-ka are not connected by a road, so one would think that our isolation would insulate us from some of the scourges that we see when it comes to drugs and drug addiction. Unfortunately, that is not the case. In my State we are seeing the same level of addiction. While the numbers might not be as eye-popping as Massachusetts or New Hampshire and other parts of the country, that is because we have fewer people. But on a per capita basis, the numbers are stag-gering and very worrying. As my colleague from Massachusetts notes, this is not something that should be a Republican or a Demo-cratic problem or have a Republican or Democratic solution. This should have all of us working together because what is happening and what we are see-ing is simply unacceptable. It is de-stroying families and communities, and we must work together. I appre-ciate his comments here before the body this morning. Mr. President, I hope the Senate is prepared for another good, busy day of debate on our broad bipartisan energy bill. Late yesterday, while we were not taking votes, we were in session for a few hours—but what we were able to do during that time period was approve eight more amendments by voice vote. We are now up to 19 amendments ac-cepted so far. The latest batch from yesterday featured a proposal from Senators GARDNER , COONS , PORTMAN , and S
HAHEEN to boost energy savings projects that will limit the cost of gov-ernment and save taxpayer dollars. We also approved an amendment from Senators F
LAKE , MCCASKILL , and B
OOKER to evaluate the number of du-plicative green buildings programs within the Federal Government. I think we all appreciate the need to be more efficient, but do we need to have dozens and dozens of duplicative pro-grams to build this out? That is what that amendment addressed. We also approved an amendment from Senators I
NHOFE , M ARKEY , and B
OOKER to renew a brownfields restora-tion program run by the EPA. So we did OK yesterday, approving eight amendments by voice votes, which is not bad for a Monday around here when we were not scheduled to have votes, but I think we can do bet-ter than that. I think we can pick up the pace, and we are ready to do that. We will have two rollcall votes that are scheduled for 2:30 this afternoon. The first one is an amendment by the Senator from Utah, Mr. L
EE, amend-ment No. 3023, and it would limit Presi-dential authority to permanently with-draw Federal lands as national monu-ments. This is an issue that I have joined the Senator from Utah on, as well as many Senators from around the West, who have concerns that we would see vast areas of our particular States permanently withdrawn—something that again resonates very strongly in my State, where 61 percent of our State is held in Federal land. I am pleased that my colleague from Utah has offered this amendment, and I am hopeful the Senate will adopt it. The second amendment we will have this afternoon is the Franken amend-ment No. 3115. This would impose a na-tionwide efficiency mandate. This is a matter that we had before the energy committee when we were in markup in July, and many Members are already familiar with it. I am aware that some Members are still filing amendments, but I think my advice to them is to know they are chasing the train down the tracks at this point in time. We had a total of 230 amendments filed as of this morning, so we have a lot to sort through as we are trying to deal with the debate and just kind of keep things moving. A number of Members are also hoping to secure a vote on their priorities, so we have a line now. Those who are just thinking about filing should know where you are in this process. Senator CANTWELL and I intend to continue to process amendments as quickly as we can and we ask for the cooperation of Members to help that effort move along. I do want to thank the ranking mem-ber on the energy committee. Senator C
ANTWELL and her staff have been working very hard and very well with me and my staff as we are working to process this bill. The level of back-and- forth has been very constructive, very helpful, and I appreciate it, and I want to give special recognition to the yeo-man’s work that the staff are doing right now. We will be setting up additional roll-call votes today. We will hopefully be able to reach agreement on amend-ments that we can clear on both sides as well. As we have moved through the de-bate process on this important Energy bill, we have seen some good, strong amendments. I mentioned some al-ready. We have had amendments from both parties. We have had them offered by Members from all areas of the coun-try. We have seen some particularly good ones that focus on hydropower. I wish to take a few moments this morn-ing to speak about hydropower and the amazing supply source that hydro-power provides for our Nation. Hydropower harnesses the forces of flowing water to generate electricity, and it has many virtues as an energy resource. It is not only emissions free and renewable, it is also capable of pro-ducing stable, reliable, and affordable base power. How about that: stable, af-fordable, and reliable base power. It is emissions free. It is renewable. It is not defined yet as renewable, and we ad-dress that in this bill. Right now, hy-dropower produces about 6 percent of our Nation’s electricity and nearly half of our renewable energy. That is more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.014 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S461 February 2, 2016 
than wind and solar combined and enough electricity to power some 30 million American homes. Up in Alaska, hydropower provides— the number is right about 24 percent of our electricity. It provides energy for communities throughout the State, most notably in the southeastern part of the State where I was born and raised. It is very significant there. It is also in what we call the railbelt area. It is an amazing contributor to our State’s energy base. We continue, though, to have vast potential with hundreds of sites in Alaska alone just waiting to be developed. We are a lead-er on hydropower, but we are hardly alone in having untapped potential. According to an official from the De-partment of Energy who testified be-fore the energy committee back in 2011, our country could realize ‘‘an addi-tional 300 gigawatts of hydropower through efficiency and capacity up-grades at existing facilities, powering nonpowered dams, new small hydro de-velopment, and pump storage hydro-power.’’ So let me repeat what that really means: An additional 300 gigawatts of hydropower, not through some big megadam but through efficiency, through capacity upgrades at existing facilities, powering up our nonpowered dams, new small hydro development— we see a lot of that in Alaska—and pump storage hydropower. With that, 300 gigawatts of additional power. Putting it into context, 1 gigawatt can power hundreds of thousands of homes. We have an estimated 300 gigawatts of potential hydropower—a huge benefit to our country in terms of what we could get from our hydro re-sources, and it will not take much to start taking advantage of it. That is the beauty of it. It may surprise some to know that right now only 3 percent of our Na-tion’s existing 80,000 dams around the country currently produce electricity. Just 3 percent of 80,000 dams that are already out there are producing elec-tricity. Think about what we could do if we electrify just the top 100—just the top 100 out of 80,000. We could generate enough electricity for nearly 3 million more homes and create thousands of jobs. Meanwhile, simply upgrading the turbines at existing hydropower dams could yield a similar amount of addi-tional electric generating capacity. We talk a lot about efficiency around here. Well, let us apply the efficiency with what we have with our existing facilities. What most of us agree on is that hydropower is a great American resource. It is renewable, it is afford-able, it is always on, and nearly every State has potential in some way. Yet, despite all of this—despite the tremen-dous benefits that it provides and de-spite our tremendous untapped poten-tial—America’s hydropower develop-ment has stalled. Why? It has stalled, quite honestly, because of redtape and environmental opposition. This was the subject of a recent op-ed piece that I cowrote with Jay Faison, who is the founder of the ClearPath Foundation. It is called ‘‘Stop Wasting America’s Hydropower Potential.’’ It ran in the New York Times last month, and we have gotten some pretty good, positive comments. I ask unanimous consent that this op-ed be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, Jan. 14, 2016] S
TOPWASTING AMERICA ’SHYDROPOWER  P
OTENTIAL  (By Lisa Murkowski and Jay Faison) President Obama has described climate change as one of the biggest challenges fac-ing our country and has said he is open to new ideas to address it. He can start by sup-porting legislation to increase the nation’s hydropower capacity, one of our vital renew-able energy resources. Hydropower harnesses the force of flowing water to generate electricity. It already pro-duces about 6 percent of the nation’s elec-tricity and nearly half of its renewable en-ergy, more than wind and solar combined. This is enough electricity to power 30 mil-lion homes and, according to the Department of Energy, avoids some 200 million metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions each year. That amounts to taking about 40 million cars off the road for one year. But we could be doing much more to har-ness the huge potential of hydropower, even without building new dams. For instance, only 3 percent of the nation’s 80,000 dams now produce electricity. Electri-fying just the 100 top impoundments—pri-marily locks and dams on the Ohio, Mis-sissippi, Alabama and Arkansas Rivers that are operated by the Army Corps of Engi-neers—would generate enough electricity for nearly three million more homes and create thousands of jobs. And upgrading and modernizing the tur-bines at existing hydropower dams could yield a similar amount of additional elec-tricity-generating capacity. Despite the benefits of this technology, American hydropower development has stalled because of government red tape and environmental opposition. Less capacity has been added each decade since the 1970s, even as our infrastructure ages. Half of our plants use turbines or other major equipment de-signed and installed more than 50 years ago. At the heart of the problem is a broken federal permitting process that has created an unnavigable gantlet for hydropower projects. While mandatory environmental re-views must be stringent to protect water-ways and wildlife, federal bureaucrats insist on duplicative, sequential processes that ex-acerbate regulatory uncertainty, delay ap-provals and drive up consumer costs. Compounding the roadblocks are environ-mental groups that claim to adhere to sound science but hold remarkably outdated views of hydropower and its benefits. Rather than acknowledge technological advances and the environmental safeguards in our laws, these groups have filed lawsuits to dismantle dams or stop their construction. Add it all up, and it can now take well over a decade to relicense an existing hydropower dam. For the California customers of Pacific Gas and Electric, relicensing costs have run as high as $50 million a dam—all for the privilege of continuing to operate an exist-ing renewable energy project. One-third of the nation’s hydropower dams will require license renewals by 2030. We need to make this process more efficient by reduc-ing bureaucratic and administrative delays that end up increasing electricity rates and slowing hydropower’s expansion. Fortunately, Congress has stepped in to get hydropower development back on track. Legislation in both chambers, including a measure in the Senate that was approved by a bipartisan vote in committee, would direct agencies to expedite the permitting of new projects and the relicensing of existing ones, and would advance the use of hydropower na-tionwide. But while Congress has chosen to lead on this important issue, President Obama has threatened to veto the House bill, claiming it would undermine environmental safe-guards. The challenge is finding a way to bring state and federal agencies to the table with the applicants at the beginning of the process so they can identify potential prob-lems and coordinate environmental reviews. The legislation would not change the author-ity of federal agencies to impose environ-mental conditions. There is much more that we can do. Up-grading existing dams is just one of the ap-proaches that holds big promise. Coordi-nating hydropower projects on a regionwide basis might allow for permitting on a more timely basis and provide better opportunities for environmental mitigation. There is also tremendous potential for electricity genera-tion using new marine hydrokinetic tech-nologies that convert the energy of waves, tides and river and ocean currents into elec-tricity. And it is important to recognize the huge, untapped potential for hydropower in Alaska. With hydropower, Congress has given the president an opportunity to address climate change and ‘‘bridge the divide’’ between par-ties. If he is serious about expanding the use of clean, renewable energy, he should at last give hydropower the attention it deserves in his final year. 
[From the Register-Guard, Jan. 20, 2016] P
RESERVE HYDRO ASSETS  On Sept. 29, 1963, a crowd of 1,800 people gathered near the headwaters of the McKenzie River for the dedication of the Eu-gene Water & Electric Board’s Carmen Smith project. A band played, box lunches were served, Gov. Mark Hatfield spoke and power flowed from a hydroelectric complex for which Eugene voters had approved a $23.5 million bond issue three years earlier. Carmen Smith has been generating elec-tricity ever since, and now its license to op-erate on a public waterway needs to be re-newed. EWEB submitted its relicensing ap-plication to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 10 years ago. The relicensing process—along with improvements to the project, most of them related to fish pas-sage—will cost an estimated $226 million. It is costing 10 times as much and taking more than three times as long to relicense the project as it did to build it in the first place. To be sure, a million dollars isn’t worth what it used to be, more is known about the environmental effects of hydroelectric projects than was the case half a century ago, and appreciation of the importance of the McKenzie River’s fish habitat has grown. Still, the high cost of relicensing has tipped the value of the Carmen Smith project into negative territory. Low power prices are to blame—but another factor is a relicensing process that is predicated on the notion that hydroelectric projects are valuable enough to carry a heavy load of added costs. The $226 million price tag for relicensing stems in part from an agreement that EWEB negotiated in 2008 with government agencies, environmental groups and Native American tribes. The other parties to the agreement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.016 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES462 February 2, 2016 
pledged to support a new license of Carmen Smith, and EWEB agreed to retrofit its com-ponents to improve fish passage and make other improvements. With electricity selling at $100 per megawatt hour or more, power generated by the Carmen Smith complex would easily cover the costs. In today’s markets, however, electricity is selling for one-third that amount on a good day—and sometimes, buyers can’t be found at any price. Without a reduction in reli-censing costs, Carmen Smith will become a money loser. Parties to the 2008 agreement are close to accepting a revision that would lower the costs by $55 million to $60 million. EWEB would close a relatively small gener-ating turbine at the complex’s Trail Bridge Dam, eliminating the need for a costly fish screen. Even with that change, prospects of a positive cash flow from Carmen Smith are dicey. EWEB is not the only utility whose hydro-electric plants are being weighed down by re-licensing costs. One-third of the nation’s dams will need new licenses by 2030. These are mostly dams whose construction bonds have long been paid off, an advantage that until recently allowed the relicensing proc-ess to become a vehicle for the addition of environmental, recreational and other im-provements. In some cases, such improve-ments are no longer affordable. In other cases, the costs of licensing acts as a barrier to the electrification of dams or other im-poundments, blocking the development of a reliable, carbon-free power source. Many hydro projects need environmental upgrades, and should not be relicensed with-out them. But the process should not drag on for a decade, and it ought to recognize the environmental benefits of hydropower—bene-fits in danger of being buried under a moun-tain of relicensing costs. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. At the heart of the problem is a broken Federal per-mitting process that has created an unnavigable gauntlet for our hydro-power projects. It can now take well over a decade to relicense an existing dam. I will say it again. We are not talking about licensing a new dam; we are talking about relicensing an exist-ing dam—a process that can take over a decade. For the California consumers of Pacific Gas and Electric, relicensing costs have run as high as $50 million per dam simply to continue an existing project. We are not building anything new. We want to relicense it. It is cost-ing $50 million and taking over 10 years. There was a recent editorial in a Eu-gene, OR, newspaper, the Register- Guard, which called for the preserva-tion of hydropower assets, and it noted that the existing Carmon Smith project has been mired in the reli-censing process for over 10 years, with a pricetag estimated at $226 million. It amounts to 10 times as much and 3 times as long as it took to build the project when it was constructed in 1963. What is wrong with this picture? Tak-ing 10 times as much—requiring 10 times as much money—$226 million— and taking 3 times as long to build as when they built that project back in 1963. We are going in the wrong direc-tion. This is not progress. We are head-ed exactly in the wrong direction. We can change that. Let us put it in the context of what we have existing in this country right now. I said that right now hydro is providing about 6 percent of our energy and about half of our renewables. One-third of our Na-tion’s existing hydropower projects will require license renewals by 2030. One-third of the existing facilities are going to have to go through this dec-ade-long relicensing process, which will cost millions of dollars. What we need to do is make the relicensing process more efficient by reducing bureau-cratic and administrative delays that end up increasing electricity rates, slowing hydropower’s expansion, and actually delaying the adoption of envi-ronmental mitigation measures. If you are concerned about the environment, you ought to be interested in making sure we have a better process because if we fail to improve the relicensing proc-ess, we are going to start losing hydro-power projects, and we will backslide as other forms of generation replace them, just as we are seeing with nu-clear power in some parts of our coun-try. We are going to go backward. Whether your issue is climate change or whether it is electric reliability or just good, affordable energy, we should be able to agree that this is a situation we want to avoid. We do not want to be going backward on this. Coming from Washington State, Sen-ator CANTWELL understands and clearly appreciates the value of our hydro-power resources. I have been very pleased to be able to work with her on many of these initiatives, as well as with many other members of our com-mittee, on some of the bipartisan re-forms we have contained within the Energy Policy Modernization Act. What we realize is that our current policies are holding this resource back and that we need to update, we need to modernize them, if we ever want to harness the amazing potential of do-mestic hydropower. Our joint hydro-power language attempts to bring State and Federal agencies to the table with the applicants at the beginning of the process so they can identify where the potential problems may be and co-ordinate environmental reviews. Because hydropower licenses are issued by the FERC, our bill authorizes the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission to be the lead agency so they set a schedule and they coordinate all the needed Federal authorizations. The schedule is to be established on a case- by-case basis, in consultation with other agencies, and if a resource agen-cy then cannot meet a deadline, the White House Council on Environmental Quality is then tasked with resolving these interagency disputes. In terms of a step that is long over-due, we formally designate hydropower as a renewable resource for the purpose of all Federal programs. When I first came to the Senate some years ago and focused on energy issues, I just really had a hard time with the fact that hydropower was not consid-ered a renewable resource. I was born in Ketchikan, AK. It is in the middle of a rainforest. I was raised in southeastern Alaska, where the an-nual precipitation is something that would take most people’s breath away. If I were to tell the people of Juneau or Wrangell or Ketchikan that what is coming out of the sky today is not a renewable resource, I would be laughed out of the room. Hopefully we take care of this and formally designate hy-dropower as a renewable resource for the purposes of all Federal programs. We have very good, commonsense ideas carefully crafted within our bill. Our language does not alter the au-thority of Federal agencies to impose mandatory environmental conditions or weaken the stringent environmental review process. For those who are afraid that somehow or another we are going to run roughshod over the envi-ronmental regulators, that is not the case. What we are doing is, through ef-ficiency, streamlining, and some co-ordination, we are going to be able to make a difference in our Nation’s abil-ity to develop hydropower, and that is why the members of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee over-whelmingly supported the hydropower provisions in the bill we have before us today. There is always more good news we can add. We have looked at the amend-ments other Members have offered. We have already accepted an amendment from Senator D
AINES to extend the deadline for the relicensing of a hydro-power project in Montana. We also have a number of other amendments from other Members from both sides of the aisle, and I am hoping we will be able to add them to the bill. For exam-ple, Senator G
ILLIBRAND has filed an amendment to extend the deadline for a hydroproject in her home State of New York. Senator B
URR has filed an amendment to extend the deadline of a hydroproject in his home State of North Carolina. Senator K
AINE has filed an amendment to extend the deadline for hydroprojects in his State of Virginia. All of these projects would add power to nonpowered dams. These projects already have licenses, but what they need is more time to deal with the technical and regulatory issues that often arise before construc-tion can begin. We have a fair number of our western Members who are understandably prioritizing hydropower. Senator B
AR-
RASSO is filing an amendment to au-thorize the use of active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir in southwest Wyoming. Senators F
LAKE and F EIN-
STEIN have come together with a pretty good amendment to improve the way the Army Corps of Engineers operates dams to increase their efficiency. Is this not just good common sense? It probably comes as no surprise that I have a couple of amendments that will benefit Alaska, including one that will expand the existing project at Ter-ror Lake and allow the local commu-nity there—Kodiak—to remain powered almost entirely by renewable energy. Right now they are 99.7 percent pow-ered by renewable energy between wind 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.002 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S463 February 2, 2016 
and their hydrocapacity. We want them to get to that full 100 percent. Finally, I want to recognize the Sen-ator from Massachusetts, Mr. M
ARKEY , who has a proposal to encourage the development of pumped storage hydro-power assets—one of the best ways to store baseload power and a technology that could help to smooth out the intermittency of other renewable re-sources. We are working on that one— checking it out—but it looks good. These are good proposals. As we con-tinue our voting and clearing process here today, I am confident we will be able to accept many more of them. Again, I want to acknowledge the work and partnership I have with Sen-ator C
ANTWELL on many of these hydro issues. Her State certainly enjoys the benefit of lower cost energy because of the investments made in hydro. We have more work ahead of us. I know Members are anxious to talk on their amendments that they may have an interest in moving toward this afternoon, but this Senator is glad to be back on the bill, and hopefully we will have an exciting and energetic day. With that, I yield the floor to my ranking member. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from Alas-ka for her focus on the hydropower bills we may be considering here, and I am thankful for the focus from all my colleagues on hydropower and ways we can continue to improve the efficiency of our resources and make sure we are continuing to diversify. I think we have outlined a good plan for today. Obviously we need the co-operation of our colleagues to keep moving forward on this legislation. We are going to have a couple of votes. I am so pleased my colleague from Minnesota is here to talk about one of our first votes, a federal energy effi-ciency resource standard. He has been a leader on this issue. Yesterday I outlined some of the great States in this Nation that have already adopted what are called energy efficiency resource standards, which have shown great success in helping to save energy and driving down demand, thereby saving money for both busi-nesses and homeowners. I think it is something that will also receive a lot of enthusiasm as we move forward. I know that we have many ideas; that is what I like about this Energy bill— it was bipartisan coming out of the committee, and so far it has been bi-partisan on the Senate floor in working out these issues. I hope my colleagues will understand that there will be a point where we do have to move off of this bill. Hopefully, with the coopera-tion of Members, we can make a great deal of progress today on additional votes besides the two that are pending, set more votes for later this evening, and also continue the process of get-ting some of these other issues resolved in the meantime. Again, I thank our colleagues for turning their focus to this. I thank my colleague for outlining where we have already been on the bill as it relates to the amendments we adopted last night and the continued progress. I think it comes down to the fact that as our economy changes, energy production needs to have the attention of our com-mittee. We need to continue to be able to help empower this transformation that our economy is seeing on energy, and working together in a bipartisan fashion helps us to get there. It is good for our homeowners, it is good for busi-nesses, and it is good for our economy. With that, I yield the floor and en-courage our colleagues to support my colleague Senator FRANKEN on his EERS amendment we will be voting on shortly. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. FRANKEN. Thank you, Mr. President. I rise today to talk about the impor-tance of updating our Nation’s energy policy. I thank Chairwoman M
UR-
KOWSKI , Ranking Member C ANTWELL , and their staffs for their hard work in crafting a bipartisan energy bill. Congress hasn’t passed a comprehen-sive energy bill since 2007, and a lot has changed in the energy sector since then. We have seen a transformation in renewable energy. Electricity genera-tion from wind power has grown by more than 400 percent. Wind energy now supplies electricity for 20 million Americans. The growth of solar energy is equally impressive. In its early days, solar power was known for powering satellites and space stations. Now we are seeing residential and utility-scale solar power becoming important com-ponents of the grid. Since the passage of the last Energy bill in 2007, our solar generation capacity has increased more than 2,000 percent. During that time, the cost of solar energy has dropped more than 60 percent. We have to build on these trends and reorient our energy sector toward a clean energy future. Comprehensive energy legislation needs to promote innovation, deploy clean energy technology, and create good-paying jobs. The bipartisan Energy bill we are currently debating is an important step forward. It improves our Nation’s energy efficiency through common-sense measures, such as updating build-ing codes. It invests in energy storage, which will turn intermittent renewable energy into baseload power. It also helps States and tribes to access funds to deploy more clean energy tech-nologies. These are good measures, and that is why I voted to support this bill out of the energy committee. However, the current bill does not go far enough to fight the challenge of cli-mate change. Climate change presents a Sputnik moment—an opportunity to rise to the challenge and defeat the threat of climate change. In response to Sputnik, we mobilized American in-genuity and innovation. We ended up not just winning the space race and sending a man to the Moon, we did all sorts of great things for the American economy and for our society. By rising to the challenge of climate change, we can bet again on American ingenuity. We have the opportunity not just to clean up our air but also to drive innovation and create jobs. That is why I am offering my American En-ergy Efficiency Act as an amendment to this bill. This amendment, which is cosponsored by Senators HEINRICH , W
ARREN , and S ANDERS , establishes a national energy efficiency standard that requires electric and natural gas utilities to help their customers use their electricity more efficiently. This is something that 25 States are already doing, and what those programs have shown us is that energy efficiency standards work. Our amendment will send market sig-nals that we are serious about energy efficiency. It will unleash the manufac-turing and deployment of all kinds of energy-efficient products throughout our economy. It will help households and businesses save money on their electricity bills. According to the American Council for an Energy-Effi-cient Economy—the experts in energy efficiency who rated the energy savings in the Portman-Shaheen bill—our amendment will generate more than three times the energy savings of the entire Portman-Shaheen energy effi-ciency title in the base bill. By the year 2030, our amendment will generate 20 percent energy savings across the country and result in about $145 billion in net savings to consumers. Our amendment is modeled on the ex-perience of States that have adopted energy efficiency standards. In fact, the first State to adopt efficiency standards was Texas. Similar programs have been adopted by both red and blue States. What we have seen with these programs is that they work. They are saving energy, and they are saving con-sumers money, both in businesses and homes. My State of Minnesota passed its en-ergy efficiency standards under a Re-publican Governor—Governor Tim Pawlenty—in 2007. We have a goal of 1.5 percent annual energy savings, and we don’t just meet that goal, we exceed it. These energy efficiency standards also send a market signal to companies to innovate and deploy energy savings technologies. The State of Arkansas set its energy savings targets in 2011, and according to the Arkansas Advanced Energy Foundation, the program has generated $1 billion in sales by energy efficiency companies. The standard has also helped create 9,000 well-paying jobs in the State. The program has been so successful that the State public service commission recently extended the en-ergy efficiency goals through 2019. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.018 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES464 February 2, 2016 
Arizona implemented its energy effi-ciency savings targets in 2011. Just 3 years after its implementation, Ari-zona went from being 29th to the 15th most energy-efficient State in the country. Through the program, utili-ties have saved electricity equivalent to powering 133,000 homes for 1 year. Businesses and residents have already saved $540 million from reduced energy and water usage. These savings put more in people’s pockets. That means more money to buy groceries, a new car, or to pay for college. The States have shown that energy efficiency standards work. We should learn from Pennsylvania, Illinois, Colo-rado, and 22 other States and bring this successful experiment to the whole country. I again applaud the efforts of Senator M
URKOWSKI and Senator C ANTWELL in bringing this bipartisan Energy bill to the floor. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment when it comes to a vote this afternoon. My amendment will make this good piece of legislation stronger. It will reduce emissions. It will save Americans money. It will un-leash clean energy innovation and jobs throughout the Nation. I urge all of my colleagues to vote yes on this amend-ment and to bet on our future. This is a Sputnik moment. When we responded to Sputnik, we did amazing things. This is a piece of it. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I speak on amendment No. 3192, which is revo-lutionary. At some point I will yield to my colleague the Senator from Lou-isiana to further discuss this amend-ment. Mr. President, the amendment I filed today is a byproduct of the work and bipartisan agreement of members rep-resenting the gulf, the Atlantic, and the Arctic regions of our country. I specifically thank Senators M
UR-
KOWSKI , W ARNER , S COTT, V ITTER , K
AINE, and T ILLIS for their contribu-tions in our efforts to bring greater eq-uity revenue sharing from funds de-rived from offshore energy production. For years, energy activities in coast-al gulf States and adjacent offshore waters have produced billions of bar-rels of oil and trillions of cubic feet of natural gas for American energy con-sumers. The States along the gulf coast and the Arctic, et cetera, have sup-ported offshore energy development for the rest of the country, providing the support for and paying for the infra-structure needed to bring this energy to market. With all of this develop-ment, as you might guess, there have been increased costs associated with supporting this increased traffic, addi-tional use of local and State resources, as well as transportation corridors— such as pipelines, vessels, and trucks— to get this energy delivered to those consumers driving vehicles all across the United States. Maybe most importantly, in addition to the critical areas that support this energy supply, in my State in par-ticular we are experiencing unparal-leled land loss due to Federal decisions as to how the lower Mississippi River will be channeled for the benefit of the inland country as well as those efforts associated with this oil and gas devel-opment. We can see the effects of this unparalleled land loss. When Hurri-canes Katrina and Rita hit our coast, there was no longer the wetlands that buffered the impact of tidal action. Those wetlands eroded, so those hurri-canes hit with greater force, causing greater damage to our State. After Hurricane Katrina, you only have to remember those news reports from New Orleans to understand how devastating that could be—all related to decisions made by the Federal Government. Addressing these historic costs of hosting a capital-intensive industry, while ensuring resilient domestic en-ergy supply, can be obtained only through equitable revenue sharing. What Louisiana does under our State constitution with any revenue that is shared from the Federal Government related to drilling off the coast of the Gulf of Mexico—100 percent is dedi-cated to coastal restoration; 100 per-cent is dedicated to restoring the wet-lands that would prevent another Hur-ricane Katrina from devastating New Orleans or any other coastal commu-nity in our State. There are other benefits for the rest of the country. This amendment that we have filed would increase funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund by over $600 million, so the rest of the country benefits as well. This amendment brings greater eq-uity in revenue sharing with the gulf States by lifting the Gulf of Mexico En-ergy Security Act, or the GOMESA revenue sharing cap, while allowing mid-Atlantic States and Alaska to share in future revenue from offshore energy production. All energy-pro-ducing States deserve to share the rev-enue derived from energy developed both onshore and offshore. Responsible revenue sharing allows States hosting energy production to mitigate for the historic and prospective infrastructure demands of energy production and al-lows States to make strategic invest-ments ensuring future generations of resiliency for this vital infrastructure and natural resources. Mr. President, I yield to my col-league from Louisiana, Senator V
IT-
TER, for his thoughts on this issue. Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I thank Senator C
ASSIDY . Mr. President, I also rise in strong support of this amendment, the Cas-sidy amendment, which would increase revenue sharing for States for offshore and oil and gas development. Revenue sharing is a critical issue that I have advocated with others for many years, certainly including Sen-ator CASSIDY , his predecessor, and Committee Chair M
URKOWSKI . I am pleased that our coalition in support of this strong, positive concept has grown in recent years and it now includes col-leagues from the mid-Atlantic States. I am particularly pleased that that is evidenced by this amendment being supported and coauthored by the two Senators from Virginia and Senator S
COTT. Revenue sharing with oil and gas pro-ducing States is, No. 1, fair to those States that incur real environmental and other costs due to production ac-tivity that benefits the Nation; and, No. 2, it is good, positive pro-American energy policy. It is fair because, again, energy-pro-ducing States incur costs and impacts from that production, including envi-ronmental costs. Those States need to be properly compensated to deal with those real costs and impacts. Secondly, and just as importantly, this is positive, productive policy that furthers pro-American energy agenda. It encourages the production of Amer-ican energy. It incents domestic drill-ing and activity and domestic energy production over the long term. That energy production is essential to job creation and an overall healthy econ-omy. If it weren’t for the oil and gas jobs that accompanied the energy sec-tor boom earlier this decade, we would still be in a technical recession. One point I wish to emphasize is that many of those jobs have been created by small firms in the oil and gas serv-ices industry and support sectors. These small business jobs are some-thing I have highlighted in my role as chair of the Committee on Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship. This amendment before the Senate, the Cassidy amendment, would in-crease revenue sharing for gulf States, and it would establish revenue sharing for new production from Alaska, Vir-ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia. This is a clear gain for those States and those regions. But, more importantly, it is a clear gain for the country because in the medium and long term, we will get more American energy production and be more self-suf-ficient. Let me be clear what revenue sharing means for States such as my home of Louisiana. In Louisiana we spend 100 percent of those revenues on valid envi-ronmental works, specifically coastal restoration. We lose a football field of land in Louisiana’s coastal area—just in coast-al Louisiana—every 38 minutes. Think about that. Close your eyes, and pic-ture a football field losing that amount of Louisiana coastal land every 38 min-utes, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 52 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.019 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S465 February 2, 2016 
weeks a year, with no time off for holi-days or weekends. This is our most sig-nificant environmental issue by far in Louisiana, so our State has committed itself to spending all of the money we receive from revenue sharing to restor-ing, rebuilding, and stabilizing our coast. This is vitally important for us. It is also vitally important for the rest of the country because Louisiana supplies so much energy to the rest of the coun-try—so many fisheries, fish, and sea-food to the rest of the country. Our ports in the midst of that coastal area are vital to trade and commerce for the rest of the country. What this amendment does is expand revenue sharing to Alaska and the mid- Atlantic States. Between 2027 and 2031, those States would receive 37.5 percent of revenue sharing from oil and gas production off of their coasts, which is what Louisiana and the Gulf States re-ceive now. The amendment would also lift the cap on revenue sharing that the gulf States are burdened with under the GOMESA act of 2006. Under that law, revenue sharing with gulf States is capped arbitrarily at $500 million a year, but in those operative years of this amendment, that would be in-creased to $1 billion a year. Revenue sharing is vital when it comes to adequately compensating the States that incur costs and impacts, so it is vital for fairness. But, again, it is vital to encourage more American en-ergy production and more self-suffi-ciency. For our Nation—not just the States impacted—that means growth, and that means energy independence. That is a win, in fact, for our foreign policy—less dependence on unstable and sometimes very unfriendly nations in the Middle East. We want to continue to play a crit-ical role in meeting America’s energy needs. We want to do that in Lou-isiana; other States want to do that. This amendment and this concept will very much encourage us to do that and continue to forge a path of American energy independence, which is great for economic growth. I wish to briefly take a moment to compliment my colleague from Lou-isiana, Senator C
ASSIDY . He has worked very hard on this issue, this amend-ment, and other critical energy issues as a member of the energy committee and also before that as a Member of the House of Representatives. I am very grateful for this opportunity to work with him on this amendment and this concept that we have been working on and furthering for some time. I urge all of my colleagues to support this commonsense, pro-American en-ergy, pro-American jobs amendment. This will move us in the right direction for energy independence, for economic growth, and for a sound foreign policy that decreases our reliance and depend-ence of any sort on nations in the Mid-dle East. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. FISCHER ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I will be speaking later, as we are ex-pecting Senator S
HAHEEN from New Hampshire. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, I am delighted to be on the floor today, again, with my good friend from Ohio, Senator P
ORTMAN , to discuss our en-ergy efficiency bill, the Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness Act, which is almost entirely now a part of the broad Energy Policy Modernization Act that is on the floor today. The Energy Policy Modernization Act is a broad bipartisan approach to improve our Nation’s energy policies on efficiency, infrastructure, supply, and accountability. I wish to thank the chair of the energy committee, Senator M
URKOWSKI , and Ranking Member C
ANTWELL for the good work they have done to put together this bipartisan piece of legislation that is going to ad-dress a number of our energy chal-lenges and also permanently reauthor-ize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Now, as I said, a fundamental component of this bill started out as Shaheen-Portman. Now we call it Portman-Shaheen. But as my col-leagues know, Senator P
ORTMAN and I have been working on this energy effi-ciency legislation since we first intro-duced it in 2011. I am a proponent of energy efficiency because it is the easiest, cheapest way to reduce energy costs, to combat cli-mate change, and to create private sec-tor jobs. In addition to being afford-able, energy efficiency benefits aren’t confined to a certain fuel source or to a particular region of the country. You can like efficiency if you are a sup-porter of fossil fuels or if you are a sup-porter of new alternative energies. Our piece of this comprehensive bill represents nearly 5 years of meetings, negotiations, compromise, and broad stakeholder outreach. The end result is an affordable, bipartisan approach to boost the use of energy efficiency tech-nologies in manufacturing, in build-ings, and across the Federal Govern-ment. According to the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy, when fully implemented, our efficiency bill will create nearly 200,000 jobs, reduce carbon emissions by the equivalent of taking 22 million cars off the road, and save consumers $16 billion a year. And it does this with absolutely no man-dates. Critical to the negotiation of this legislation has been the joint effort be-tween Senator PORTMAN and myself, and between our staffs, to work out with stakeholder groups the concerns they had in the energy efficiency legis-lation and to come up with com-promises that we all thought not only helped build support for the legislation but that actually make it a better bill. So on buildings, which use about 40 percent of our energy in this country, the proposals in our legislation would improve energy savings by strength-ening outdated model building codes to make new homes and commercial buildings more energy efficient. Again, I point out that it does that without any mandates. It is a carefully crafted agreement that has been negotiated with everyone, from the home builders to the realtors to a number of our friends in labor. So I think this is a compromise, and the language in the bill is a compromise for which there is broad support. The bill also encourages energy effi-ciency in the industrial sector, which consumes more energy than any other sector of our economy. Again, the pro-visions in the legislation would encour-age the private sector to develop inno-vative energy efficient technologies for industrial applications and to invest in a workforce that is trained to deploy energy efficiency practices to manufac-turers, and they would encourage the Department of Energy to work more closely with stakeholders on commer-cialization of new technologies. Finally, the energy efficiency piece of this legislation would encourage the Federal Government, the Nation’s larg-est energy consumer, to adopt more ef-ficient building standards and tech-nologies, such as smart meters. With stronger efficiency standards for Fed-eral facilities, we can save taxpayers millions of dollars. Senator P
ORTMAN and I have intro-duced our bill three times. Each time, this legislation has received broad bi-partisan support from our Senate col-leagues, broad bipartisan support in the energy committee, and it has re-ceived strong support from a diverse group of stakeholders—everyone from trade associations and the U.S. Cham-ber of Commerce to the National Asso-ciation of Manufacturers, labor organi-zations, and the environmental com-munity—all, I think, because efficiency is something that we can all agree on. At long last, I am excited to see that the full Senate is again taking up this legislation as part of a bigger, more comprehensive bill. Before I turn it over to Senator P
ORTMAN , who is here, I would also point out that two other provisions I have been working on are included in this comprehensive bill. One is smart manufacturing legislation, which uses technology to integrate all aspects of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.021 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES466 February 2, 2016 
manufacturing so that businesses can manufacture more while using less en-ergy. The other provision deals with grid integration, because, as we know, this is one of the issues that the com-mittee took up as part of this bill: How do we address our aging transmission and distribution infrastructure? The grid integration bill will ensure the broader deployment of clean and effi-cient technologies, such as solar, com-bined heat and power, and energy stor-age. I think that is important to strengthen this Nation’s energy secu-rity. Finally, I will close by saying that the Senate is working this week on a comprehensive energy bill for the first time since 2007, if it becomes law. Since then, we have seen a dramatic change in our economy, and we have seen a dramatic change in the world economy with respect to energy. The United States has greatly reduced our energy imports. We are now the world’s top producer of oil and natural gas. In many places around the world, elec-tricity generated by renewable sources, such as wind and solar, is cheap enough to compete effectively with electricity generated by fossil fuels. Just at the end of the year, we saw more than 180 countries come together to form a global plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and mitigate the effects of climate change. So we are truly experi-encing a revolution in energy produc-tion and energy technology. It is way past time for our energy policies in America to catch up with that revolu-tion. I, again, thank the chair and ranking member and the entire energy com-mittee, and, again, my colleague Sen-ator P
ORTMAN for the great work he has done and that we have done to-gether to bring this portion of the bill to the floor. I yield to Senator P
ORTMAN . Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I thank my colleague from New Hamp-shire, and I tell her that the third time is the charm. Right? We have had the bill before us twice now. We really think this is the opportunity for us to do something good for our constituents and for our country. This is an oppor-tunity for us to pass energy efficiency legislation. It will help create more jobs, make the environment cleaner, make our businesses more competitive, make us less dependent on foreign sources of oil, and help with the trade deficit because of that. So this is a win- win for everybody, and, because of that, I thank Senator S
HAHEEN for her work on this. We have been working on this for 4 years together. The last vote we had in the energy committee on this legislation was a 20-to-2 vote. As we have worked on this over time, we have received more and more support as people understood what we were doing and why it was so important for their States and for our country. The economic growth in this last quarter was 0.7 percent, meaning less than 1 percent growth. That is discour-aging. We have to look around and say: What can we do to help to get this economy moving again? One area is en-ergy. There is no question about it. We believe our legislation will help. It is going to create jobs. We have the num-ber out there, as Senator SHAHEEN  talked about, and just under 200,000 jobs could be created by our legisla-tion. We have an analysis that shows this. But this broader energy bill would also help. That is one reason we need to move forward on this. We are grateful that our legislation is part of this broader bill called the Energy Policy Modernization Act. This legislation is one that Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI and Senator C ANTWELL have been talking about on the floor. I sup-port that broader legislation, also, as does Senator S
HAHEEN , and we like it because it is a broader bill that looks at the energy issue as an ‘‘all the above.’’ In other words, we should be using various sources of energy and producing more energy, but we should also be using what we have more effi-ciently. We are delighted that our legisla-tion—the Portman-Shaheen legisla-tion—is title I of this broader bill. This is an opportunity for us to do some-thing really good for the economy— this broader bill, as well as our specific bill. We think our specific bill is really important with regard to jobs. One thing I hear back home from our manufacturing companies is that they would like to become more competitive so that they can create more jobs in Ohio and in America. We are starting to bring some jobs back because energy prices are relatively low, natural gas and oil in particular. But one of the issues they are facing overseas is that other countries are more energy effi-cient and their manufacturing compa-nies are more efficient. So they are competing with companies that have a lower cost to produce the same prod-uct. So one reason they are excited about this legislation—and why the National Association of Manufacturers is for this legislation and has worked with us from the start—is that this provides them access to new tech-nologies on energy efficiency that will let them compete globally with other companies and create more jobs. This is going to result in more jobs coming to Ohio, more jobs coming to New Hampshire, and more jobs coming to America. We like that about the legis-lation. It also has more jobs because these energy efficiency retrofits are going to create more jobs and activity here in this country. So as buildings become more efficient, we will need workers to work on that. We have some training programs in our legislation, for instance, to provide for that work-force. So we are going to create more jobs. As to energy independence, the un-derlying bill lets us actually produce more energy here but use it more effi-ciently. I like producing more and using less. It is a nice combination, and it lets us say to other countries in the world that we are going to be energy independent and not subject to the dangerous and volatile parts of the world where our energy comes from. We are going to be a net exporter over time. Energy efficiency helps us to be able to do that. Our trade deficit is driven by a cou-ple things. I am a former U.S. Trade Representative, and, yes, countries like China and other countries aren’t play-ing by the rules. That is a problem, and we need to address that. But another one is energy. We still do need to bring in more energy than we are exporting. That is an opportunity for us to help our economy overall with efficiency and to help improve our trade deficit, which improves our environment. Senator SHAHEEN talked about im-proving the environment, but the anal-ysis she was using is that 21 million cars being taken off the road is the equivalent savings that is in this legis-lation for emissions. That is because of the energy efficiency. This is an oppor-tunity for us to be much more energy efficient in terms of our economy and be more competitive but also to clean the environment. This is a good exam-ple. By the way, it is not a big regulatory approach, as some other approaches are. It doesn’t have any mandates in it, so it is not going to kill jobs. It is actu-ally going to create jobs and yet help the environment. That is a good com-bination for us. It is one we are excited about because it is a way for us to both help the economy and help the environ-ment. That is important too. We are excited about getting this across the finish line because we know it is the right legislation. It is the right time. We think there is an oppor-tunity for us to actually do something that is bipartisan, something we can get through the House and get to the President’s desk for his signature. One reason we are excited about the prospects of getting something done is that we have so much support around the country. There are over 260 trade association groups that have now sup-ported this legislation. By the way, they range from the National Associa-tion of Manufacturers—as I talked about earlier—to the Sierra Club, to the Alliance to Save Energy, to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. That is not a group that normally gets to-gether on legislation. So this is an op-portunity for us to get a lot of groups involved and focused because it does make good economic sense, good en-ergy sense, and good environmental sense. While helping others in the pri-vate sector, the bill does not have man-dates. I think that is very important. This is legislation that provides incen-tives but not mandates. The final piece I want to talk about is one that everybody should be for. It is going to actually help reduce the costs of the Federal Government and therefore help us all as taxpayers; that is, to take on the Federal Govern-ment’s efficiency challenge. We believe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.022 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S467 February 2, 2016 
the U.S. Federal Government is the largest energy user in the United States and may well be the largest en-ergy user in the world. This is let’s practice what we preach. The Federal Government is talking about green technologies, energy effi-ciency, and so on, but in our own Fed-eral Government we see huge gaps and huge opportunities. This legislation goes after that and specifically puts in place requirements for the Federal Government to be much more efficient with how it uses energy. That will make a big difference in terms of ev-erything we talked about with regard to the environment and the benefits of efficiency, but it also helps the tax-payer because at the end of the day, we will be spending less on energy for the Federal Government as taxpayers. It is another part of the legislation that I think is important and one where I would hope everybody would be supportive. Overall, we believe this leg-islation will save consumers $13.7 bil-lion annually in reduced energy costs. This is a big deal. This is something that if we can get it through the Sen-ate this week and get it through the House and get it to the President for his signature, it will make a real dif-ference for the families I represent and whom all of us in this Chamber have the honor to represent. I thank Senator S
HAHEEN for her pa-tience over what has been 4, 5 years working on this together with me and the good work she has done and others have done to give us this opportunity to be able to help those folks whom we represent with an ‘‘all of the above’’ energy strategy that is good for jobs, good for the environment, and good for the taxpayer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, as the Presiding Officer knows, we are busy working to complete action on the Energy Policy Modernization Act. I want to start by saying some good words about the leadership of Senator M
URKOWSKI , the chairman of the en-ergy committee, and her ranking mem-ber, Senator C
ANTWELL , who have got-ten us to this point. Unless we drop the ball in the next couple of days, we ought to be able to wrap up our debate and deliberation on this very impor-tant bill that will help our country move forward with energy policies that reflect the times we are living in. I also think we ought to reflect on what those times are because it was just a few short years ago when all of the pundits and experts were predicting peak oil. In other words, all the oil that could be discovered, they said, had been discovered and we would then be in a period of decline from that point forward. In the United States we also found ourselves in the main dependent upon imported oil from the Middle East. As you know, both of those have turned around. In other words, because of the innovation and good old all- American know-how, we are now ex-porting more energy. To Senator MURKOWSKI ’s credit, she led the effort to lift the ban on export-ing crude oil, so now American-pro-duced energy can be made available on world markets. Just as significantly, we can make sure our friends and allies around the world aren’t captive to peo-ple like Vladimir Putin, who uses en-ergy as a weapon and threatens to cut off the energy supply, particularly of those countries in its orbit in the Bal-tics unless they are willing to go along with his heavy-handed tactics. This is a very good story. This legis-lation will update our energy policies with that reality in mind and enable our country to continue to grow its role as a leading global energy power. I pause here to say that this is not just from people who come from an energy State as I do, such as from Texas or Alaska or North Dakota. The energy story is the story of world history in so many ways. One of my favorite books is written by Daniel Yergin, a Pulitzer Prize-win-ning author. One of the books he has written is called ‘‘The Prize,’’ which tracks the history of the globe and in an incredible sort of way, but he makes the point that so much of our history has been determined by the need for and attempt to gain access to reliable energy supplies and how important that is not only to our military to be able to fight and win our Nation’s wars but to our economy, to the businesses that need access to reasonably priced energy and to consumers, obviously. We are seeing the benefit now, those of us who filled our gas tank recently, of inexpensive gasoline prices because the price of oil has come down because of increased world supply. There comes a point where it is challenging to the industry, but they have been through ups and downs in the past, and I am sure they will make the appropriate adjustments. In this legislation, in addition to ad-dressing and modernizing our energy policies, we are doing things such as modernizing the electric grid. That is what keeps the lights on at night and keeps our thermostats working when it is cold and we have snowstorms like we had in Washington recently. This bill will make our electricity supply more reliable and more eco-nomical in the long run. Just like we did with crude oil, this bill will help expedite the approval process for lique-fied natural gas exports. It is amazing to me to think that a few short years ago we were building import terminals that would actually receive natural gas being exported from other countries to being brought to the United States to help us with our energy needs. Now those have been retrofitted and re-versed so these export terminals are now exporting American energy to markets around the world. I want to spend a couple of minutes talking about some amendments that I have offered to the underlying bill. Again, I must compliment the bill managers for working with various Senators to try to work in, either through a voice vote or by some ac-ceptance of amendments, provisions which are designed to improve this leg-islation. My amendments that I want to mention now are designed to address Texas’s needs and the American peo-ple’s needs from preventing overreach by the administration, particularly when it comes to your energy produc-tion and supply. One amendment I have offered spe-cifically targets an upcoming rule of-fered by the Bureau of Safety and Envi-ronmental Enforcement, known as BSEE. BSEE is an organization that most people are completely unaware of, but it is set to hand down a rule re-ferred to as the so-called well control rule that deals with highly technical and complex safety producers for off-shore wells. Certainly, since the BP blowout in the Gulf of Mexico, we have become all too aware of the dangers of uncon-trolled blowout of offshore drilling, but there has been a lot of very important study, work, and education that has been acquired since that time. The in-dustry has done a lot to make itself safer. You can imagine, if you are a pub-licly traded company or if you are not a publicly traded company, you sure don’t want to be in the middle of an-other crisis like we saw with the BP blowout in the Gulf of Mexico for all sorts of reasons: People lost their lives, cost hundreds of millions of dollars, and of course the environmental im-pact along the gulf coast, including States like Texas. In typical bureau-cratic fashion, the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, BSEE, has refused to engage in discus-sions that might help clear up some confusion among stakeholders. They have been unwilling to take the time to fully vet the negative impact on their proposed rules and to talk to the people who know the most about it, and that would be the people who would be most affected by the rule. My amendment would require BSEE to resubmit the rule but first by taking additional comments from stake-holders, and it would require the rule-making organization to have addi-tional workshops with industry experts so everybody can understand what they are trying to accomplish and to do it more efficiently and better. So often the very people who have the most expertise are in the industry the government tries to regulate. I know there is a natural reluctance to try to consult with and learn from the regulated industry, but the fact is, often—and it is true in this case—it is that industry that understands the process and both the risks and what protective measures need to be taken in order to accomplish the objective. So rather than just issuing a rule that is complex and highly technical with-out consulting the stakeholders who are sitting down and having a reason-able conversation trying to figure out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.024 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES468 February 2, 2016 
what you are trying to accomplish, have you thought of this, have you thought of doing it differently or a bet-ter way, that doesn’t happen. Unfortu-nately, that is where we are with BSEE. In addition, I have submitted an amendment that protects property owners along a 116-mile stretch of the Red River, which borders the States of Texas and Oklahoma. This has to do with another bureaucracy called the Bureau of Land Management. A few years ago, the Bureau of Land Manage-ment claimed to actually own tens of thousands of acres along the Red River. As you can imagine, that came as quite a shock to the people who thought they owned that property, and now many of them are stuck today fighting the U.S. Government—their government—in court to reclaim the property that is rightfully theirs. My amendment would help protect these landowners from this massive land grab. It would require a legitimate survey of the land in question to be conducted and approved by the au-thorities. It seems so commonsensical, but unfortunately common sense isn’t all that common when you see the bu-reaucracy at work. With this amend-ment, these landowners would finally get a reasonably efficient means of res-olution to this frustrating abuse of Federal Government power. Another amendment I have sub-mitted would address how States, counties, and other affected parties enter into a conversation about the En-dangered Species Act. Too often States and local communities, not to mention private property owners, are left in the dark while interest groups they don’t know much about conduct closed-door discussions with Federal authorities about potential listing of endangered species. My amendment will give all of the stakeholders the opportunity to have a seat at the table and to have a con-versation—it doesn’t seem like a lot to ask—so both the regulators and the regulated can talk about the real im-pact those regulations will have on their daily lives and better inform the regulatory process. These amendments get to different specific problems, but the common theme uniting them is a desire to try to lessen the interference by the gov-ernment in our everyday lives. By pushing back against overbearing, costly regulations that don’t actually accomplish the goal that even the reg-ulators say they want to accomplish and ensuring that State and local com-munities and stakeholders play a role in this conversation which should be part of the regulatory process, the American people would be better served by this legislation. As we continue these discussions on this bill, I hope my colleagues will con-sider these amendments and others like them to help get the government out of the way or to help correct the bureaucracy when it is misguided and misinformed about how to actually ac-complish consensus goals. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3023 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2953 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, I call up my amendment No. 3023. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Utah [Mr. L EE] proposes an amendment numbered 3023 to amendment No. 2953. 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To modify the authority of the President of the United States to declare national monuments) At the end of subtitle E of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 44lll. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO DECLARE NATIONAL MONUMENTS. 
Section 320301 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—A proclamation or reservation issued after the date of enact-ment of this subsection under subsection (a) or (b) shall expire 3 years after proclaimed or reserved unless specifically approved by— ‘‘(1) a Federal law enacted after the date of the proclamation or reservation; and ‘‘(2) a State law, for each State where the land covered by the proclamation or reserva-tion is located, enacted after the date of the proclamation or reservation.’’. 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to an additional 15 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEE. Madam President, if there is one thing we know about American politics—if there is one thing we have learned from the 2016 Presidential race thus far—it is that there is a deep and growing mistrust between the Amer-ican people and the Federal Govern-ment. This institution, Congress, is held in shamefully low regard by the people we were elected to represent, but so, too, are the scores of bureau-cratic agencies that are based in Wash-ington, DC, but extend their reach into the most remote corners of American life. In my home State of Utah, the public’s distrust of Washington is root-ed not in ideology, but experience. In particular, the experience of living in a State where a whopping two-thirds of the land is owned by the Federal Gov-ernment and managed by distant, un-accountable agencies that are either indifferent or downright hostile to the interests of the local communities that they are supposed to serve. I have lost track of the number of stories I have heard from the people of Utah about their run-ins with Federal land man-agement agencies, but there is one story that every Utahan knows: Presi-dent Bill Clinton’s infamous use of the Antiquities Act in 1996 to designate as a national monument more than 1.5 million acres of land in southern Utah—what would become known as the Grand Staircase-Escalante Na-tional Monument. What Utahans remember about this episode is not just what President Clin-ton did, but how he did it. Signed into law in 1906, the Antiquities Act gives the President power to unilaterally designate tracts of Federal land as ‘‘historic landmarks, historic and pre-historic structures, and other objects of historic or scientific interest.’’ The purpose of the law is to enable the Ex-ecutive to act quickly to protect ar-chaeological sites on Federal lands from looting, destruction, or van-dalism. But the Antiquities Act is not sup-posed to be carte blanche for the Presi-dent. In fact, it is quite the opposite. The language of the law is clear. It in-structs the President to restrict the designation of national monuments under the Antiquities Act to the ‘‘smallest area compatible with proper care and management of the objects to be protected.’’ So you can imagine the surprise, and, in fact, the indignation across the State of Utah following President Clinton’s decision to annex a stretch of land roughly 11⁄2times the size of the State of Delaware and then to give control over that land to a Fed-eral bureaucracy that routinely main-tains a maintenance backlog that is several billion dollars higher than its multibillion-dollar annual budget. Even worse than the enormous size of the designation was the Clinton admin-istration’s hostility toward the people of Utah and the communities that would be most directly and severely af-fected by his decision. Not only did President Clinton announce the monu-ment designation in Arizona—over 100 miles from the Utah State border—but he refused to consult or even notify Utah’s congressional delegation until the day before his announcement. Con-sulting with the people who live and work in the communities around a po-tential national monument area isn’t just a matter of following political eti-quette, it is a matter of ensuring that Federal land policy does not rob citi-zens of their livelihood, which is ex-actly what happened as a result of the Grand Staircase designation. Utah’s economy is built on the farm and agriculture industry, and livestock is the State’s single largest sector of farm income. But of the 45 million acres of rangeland in Utah, nearly three-quarters is owned and managed by the Federal Government. Since the 1940s, Federal agencies have slashed livestock grazing across the Utah landscape by more than 50 percent—a policy of economic depriva-tion that accelerated after 1996 on rangeland within the Grand Staircase case. Even today the Bureau of Land Management shows no sign of relent-ing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.026 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S469 February 2, 2016 
For most people, the Grand Staircase episode is a case study of government- sponsored injustice and a form of bu-reaucratic tyranny. For me, it brings to mind the line from America’s Dec-laration of Independence in which the colonists charge that the King of Great Britain ‘‘has erected a multitude of New Offices and sent hither swarms of officers to harass our people, and eat out their substance.’’ But for President Obama and the rad-ical environmental groups that have co-opted Federal land agencies, it is the textbook model for the application of the Antiquities Act. In fact, it ap-pears that President Obama is consid-ering using his final year in the White House to target another vast tract of land in southern Utah for designation as a national monument. Covering 1.9 million acres of Federal land in San Juan County, this area, known as Bears Ears, is roughly the same size as the Grand Staircase. Both are situated near the southern edge of the State, and both possess an abundance of na-tional beauty unrivaled by any place in the world. The similarities don’t end there. Each area is home to a group of Utah-ans deeply connected to the Federal land targeted by environmental activ-ists for a national monument designa-tion. In the case of the Grand Stair-case, it is the ranchers, and in the case of Bears Ears, it is the Kaayelii Nav-ajo. The Kaayelii believe that a na-tional monument designation in Bears Ears, their ancestral home, would threaten their livelihood and destroy their very way of life. Their concerns are well founded. In the 1920s and 1930s, hundreds of Navajo families settled on homesteads located in national monuments only to find themselves steadily pushed out by im-perious Federal agencies all too eager to eradicate the private use of public lands. So it should come as no surprise to us today that the Kaayelii are pro-testing the unilateral Federal takeover of Bears Ears and calling on the Obama administration to forgo the high-hand-ed approach to land conservation that was employed by President Clinton in 1996. The Kaayelii, of course, are not op-posed to the protection or the con-servation of public lands. They care about the preservation of Bears Ears just as much as anyone else. To them, the land is not just beautiful, it is also sacred. They depend on it for their eco-nomic and spiritual survival, which is why all they are asking for is a seat at the table so that their ancestral land isn’t given over, sight unseen, to the arbitrary and arrogant control of Fed-eral land management agencies. I agree with the Kaayelii. The Presi-dent of the United States has no busi-ness seizing vast stretches of public land to be micromanaged and mis-managed by Federal agencies, espe-cially if the people who live, work, and depend on the land stand in opposition to such a takeover. There is no denying that the people of San Juan County re-ject the presumption that they should have no say in the management of the land in their community. The truth is that most of those who have mobilized to support a monument designation at Bears Ears, including several Native American groups, live outside of Utah in States such as Colorado, New Mex-ico, and Arizona. By contrast, the people of San Juan County, UT—the people whose lives and livelihoods are intricately tied to Bears Ears—stand united in their oppo-sition to a monument designation. That is why I have offered amendment No. 3023, which would update the An-tiquities Act in order to protect the right of the Kaayelii and their fellow citizens of San Juan County to partici-pate in the government’s efforts to pro-tect and preserve public land. Here is how my amendment works: It preserves the President’s authority to designate tracts of Federal land as na-tional monuments, but it also reserves a seat at the table for people who would be directly affected by Executive action. It does so by opening the pol-icymaking process to the people’s elected representatives at the State and Federal levels so they can weigh in on monument designations. Under my amendment, Congress and the legislature of the State in which a monument has been designated would have 3 years to pass resolutions ratify-ing the designation. If they fail to do so, the national monument designation will expire. Some critics might claim that this amendment would take un-precedented steps to curtail the Presi-dent’s monument designation author-ity under the Antiquities Act. This is not true. This, in fact, is nonsense. The truth is that Congress has twice passed legislation amending the Antiquities Act. In 1950, Congress wholly prohib-ited Presidential designation of na-tional monuments under the Antiq-uities Act in the State of Wyoming. Some 30 years later, Congress passed another law requiring congressional approval of national monuments in Alaska larger than 5,000 acres. If you have ever visited Wyoming or Alaska, you know that these provisions have not led to the parade of horribles conjured up by radical environmental activists who seem intent on achieving nothing short of ironfisted Federal con-trol of all Federal lands. In reality, the States of Wyoming and Alaska have proven that national monument designations are not nec-essary to protect and conserve Amer-ica’s most beautiful, treasured public lands. So why should the people of Wy-oming and Alaska enjoy these reason-able, commonsense protections under the law while the people of Utah—and indeed, the people of every other State in the Union—do not enjoy the same protections? There is no good answer to this question except, of course, the adoption of my amendment. To anyone who might suggest that the people of these communities in and around national monuments are not prepared to participate in the monu-ment process and policy process that leads to the creation of a monument, I invite you to visit San Juan County in southeastern Utah. You will see a com-munity that is not only well informed about the issues and actively engaged in the political process, but also genu-inely dedicated to finding a solution that works for everyone. The people of San Juan County— from the Kaayelii to the county com-missioners—have the determination that is necessary to forge a legislative solution to the challenges facing public lands in their community, and that is exactly what you would expect. San Juan is a hardscrabble community. It is one of the most disadvantaged in the entire State of Utah, but you wouldn’t know it from the people there. The citizens of San Juan County are hard-working, honest, decent, and happy people. Yet for far too long, Federal land management agencies have given the people of San Juan County and the people all across America little reason to trust the Federal Government. My amendment gives us an oppor-tunity to change that. If Congress wants to regain the trust of the Amer-ican people, we are going to have to earn it, and one of the ways we can earn it is by returning power to the people, and that is what this amend-ment would do. Passing this amend-ment giving all Americans a voice in the land management decisions of their community would be a meaningful and important step toward earning back that trust. I urge my colleagues to lend their support to this amendment and the vital public trust that it will help us to rebuild. I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Madam President, I am hopeful that before we go to the caucus lunches, we will be able to move forward on a few more amendments and the scheduling of votes. Hopefully we will be able to do that in a few min-utes. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, we are making some good progress here in the intervening hours since we came to the floor this morning and began business. Working with the ranking member on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, we have come to an agree-ment to announce a series of amend-ments that will be voted on. I want to acknowledge the effort that has gone back and forth on both sides to make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.030 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES470 February 2, 2016 
sure folks have an opportunity to weigh in and vote on amendments that are important to them. I think we have a good series here that we will an-nounce. It is our hope that as we move to vote on these amendments, we will also continue the good work we have done to try to advance some other measures that will be able to go by voice votes, and we will be working on those throughout the day. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to call up the following amendments: No. 3182, Rounds, as modified; No. 3030, Barrasso; No. 2996, Sullivan; No. 3176, Schatz; No. 3095, Durbin; and No. 3125, Whitehouse; that following the disposition of the Franken amendment No. 3115, the Sen-ate proceed to vote in relation to the above amendments in the order listed with no second-degree amendments in order prior to the votes; that a 60-vote affirmative threshold be required for adoption; and that there be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to each vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, I would note that there will now be a series of eight votes when we com-mence at 2:30 this afternoon, and recog-nizing that there are committees meet-ing and other Senate business going on, we would hope to be able to process these votes relatively efficiently, re-specting that 10-minute vote param-eter, so that we can move through them in a manner that respects others’ schedules. With that, Madam President, I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:49 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 2:30 p.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Arizona. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3023 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise today in support of Lee amendment No. 3023, which places commonsense limi-tations on the ability of the executive branch to unilaterally lock up large swaths of public land. Specifically, the amendment provides Congress and the applicable State legislatures a 3-year window to approve Presidentially de-clared national monuments, ensuring that land use decisions finally have the input from the impacted States. Arizona knows all too well the effects of restrictive Federal land designa-tions. Like most Western States, a sig-nificant portion of Arizona is under Federal ownership. Arizona leads the Nation with a total of 21 national parks and monuments. Like most, our Federal land is a mix of single-purpose lands set aside for recreation and mul-tiple-use lands providing opportunities for grazing, mining, and timber produc-tion. The ability to use these lands for multiple purposes is critical; however, a national monument designation can take away that opportunity with one stroke of the President’s pen. It is also worth noting that a monu-ment designation has the potential to change the character of the water rights associated with Federal lands— an outcome I am working to prevent with separate stand-alone legislation. There is a real concern that the President will take unilateral action to increase the Federal Government’s ownership of Federal lands. In fact, one recent proposal would lock up another 1.7 million acres right in Arizona to create yet another national monument. That is an area larger than the entire State of Delaware. The negative im-pact of such a land grab would likely extend to activities such as hunting, livestock grazing, wildfire prevention, mining, and other recreation activities. Last March Senator MCCAINand I sent a letter to the President urging him to not unilaterally pursue this monument designation. This sentiment is echoed by a large number of individuals throughout Arizona, including State and local officials, several municipali-ties, and a wide range of sportsmen’s groups. The Lee amendment would give these stakeholders a voice in the monument designation process, and I am happy to be a cosponsor and to support this amendment on the floor today. I also look forward to considering several amendments I have submitted on this legislation as well regarding safeguarding hydropower production, reimbursing national parks after a gov-ernment shutdown occurs, and creating a database to increase transparency for WAPA customers. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, we are about to vote shortly on the Lee amendment. I rise to speak in opposition to that amendment and to remind my col-leagues that this is a vote that we took around the same time last year. The Antiquities Act is one of our Na-tion’s most successful conservation laws. It was signed into law in 1906 and used by President Theodore Roosevelt to designate Devils Tower in Wyoming as its first national monument. In the 110 years since its enactment, the Antiquities Act has been used by 16 different Presidents—8 Republicans, 8 Democrats—to designate more than 140 national monuments, including the San Juan Islands and the Hanford Reach in the State of Washington. Nearly half of our national parks, in-cluding national icons, such as the Grand Canyon and Olympic National Park, were designated as national monuments under the Antiquities Act. However, the amendment of the Sen-ator from Utah would effectively end the President’s ability to use the An-tiquities Act to protect these threat-ened lands. His amendment requires that the national monument designa-tion will expire after 3 years unless Congress enacts a law specifically ap-proving the designation, and the State in which the monument would be lo-cated would also have to approve the designation. So this amendment re-quires State and Federal approval over a Federal land designation, which is unprecedented, giving away Federal land management responsibilities to States and a veto over these conserva-tion efforts. I hope that, as my colleagues look at this first vote, they will oppose this amendment. As I said, I strongly do, and I hope our colleagues will look at their past record on this as well, be-cause I am pretty sure we are all on record on our side in opposition to this amendment in the past. With that, I know we are probably ready to proceed to the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of my amendment No. 3023. The purpose of this amendment is simple—to put in the hands of the peo-ple the right to decide whether a monu-ment close to them will be designated. My amendment would leave intact the President’s authority to designate a monument such that we could protect land from imminent destruction, but it puts a fuse on that. It puts a finite limit on that authority so that within 3 years that monument designation would expire unless both the host State has acted to embrace it and Congress has affirmatively enacted the monu-ment designation into law. The American people demand and de-serve nothing less than to have deci-sions such as these put in the hands of their elected representatives rather than simply handed over to one single official who doesn’t stand accountable to the American people. I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to amendment No. 3023. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.032 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S471 February 2, 2016 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 47, nays 48, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 10 Leg.] YEAS—47 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—48 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gardner Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Cruz Graham Rubio Sanders Shelby 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. The Senator from Minnesota. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3115 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2953 (Purpose: To establish a Federal energy effi-ciency resource standard for electricity and natural gas suppliers) 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 3115 and ask that it be reported by number. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the amendment by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Minnesota [Mr. F
RANKEN ] proposes an amendment numbered 3115 to amendment No. 2953. 
(The amendment is printed in the R
ECORD of January 28, 2016, under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask for order so my colleagues might hear my wise remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will come to order. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I call on my colleagues to support my amendment No. 3115 that I offer with Senators HEINRICH , WARREN , and S AND-
ERS. This amendment establishes a na-tional energy efficiency standard that requires electric and natural gas utili-ties to help their customers use energy more efficiently. Our amendment is modeled on the experience of Min-nesota and 24 other States that have already adopted energy efficiency standards, including States such as Texas, Arizona, and Arkansas. The State programs are working great, helping reduce energy usage, saving customers, consumers, and businesses money on their electricity bills, cre-ating well-paying jobs, and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. According to the American Council for an Energy- Efficient Economy, our amendment will generate more than three times the energy savings of the entire Portman-Shaheen energy efficiency title, which is a great title in and of itself, in the base bill. By the year 2030, our amendment will generate 20 per-cent energy savings across the country and result in about $145 billion in net savings to consumers. We like to say that States are the laboratories of democracy, and half our States have shown that these policies work. So it is time to build on their successes and bring this successful ex-periment to the entire country. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this important amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I urge that Members oppose this amend-ment that would impose a Federal mandate on retail electricity and nat-ural gas suppliers to reduce a certain percentage of electricity or natural gas that their customers use annually. We have considered this before. We have seen it. It has been under consideration for about a decade. Most recently, the energy committee rejected this same proposal as we were moving forward on this bipartisan Energy bill. A national mandate like this depends on the behavior of end-use customers. The concern that you take a one-size- fits-all policy that refuses to recognize very real regional differences that are in play out there with energy use is problematic. As the Senator from Min-nesota said, 25 States already have this in place, but what we do by imposing a new national mandate is we upend those existing State programs. We have a good, bipartisan efficiency measure contained in this. That is why a Federal EERS has not worked before. Now is not the right time to move for-ward with it. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the votes in this series be 10 minutes in length so we can move through the amendments we have in front of us. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. All time has expired. The question occurs on agreeing to the amendment. Mr. MCCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ) would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 43, nays 52, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 11 Leg.] YEAS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—5 
Cruz Graham Rubio Sanders Shelby 
THE PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. The Senator from South Dakota. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3182, AS MODIFIED , TO 
AMENDMENT NO . 2953 
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 3182, as modified. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from South Dakota [Mr. R
OUNDS ] proposes an amendment numbered 3182, as modified, to amendment No. 2953. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.034 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES472 February 2, 2016 
The amendment, as modified, is as follows: 
(Purpose: To direct the Secretary of the In-terior to establish a conservation incen-tives landowner education program) At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 50ll. CONSERVATION INCENTIVES LAND-OWNER EDUCATION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall establish a conservation incentives landowner education program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘program’’). (b) P
URPOSE OF PROGRAM .—The program shall provide information on Federal con-servation programs available to landowners interested in undertaking conservation ac-tions on the land of the landowners, includ-ing options under each conservation program available to achieve the conservation goals of the program, such as— (1) fee title land acquisition; (2) donation; and (3) perpetual and term conservation ease-ments or agreements. (c) A
VAILABILITY .—The Secretary of the In-terior shall ensure that the information pro-vided under the program is made available to— (1) interested landowners; and (2) the public. (d) N
OTIFICATION .—In any case in which the Secretary of the Interior contacts a land-owner directly about participation in a Fed-eral conservation program, the Secretary shall, in writing— (1) notify the landowner of the program; and (2) make available information on the con-servation program options that may be available to the landowner. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 2 minutes equally divided. The Senator from South Dakota. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, con-servation easements are an important tool when we talk about rural America. They are used on a regular basis, but whenever entering into a conservation easement with the government, farm-ers, ranchers, and landowners should be made aware of all of the options made available to them, not just permanent easements. While there are many pro-grams and options available, all too often landowners are not aware of these options and will unknowingly enter into a contract with the govern-ment because they don’t realize there are also shorter term options available to them. This amendment will aggregate in-formation for landowners and will allow landowners to choose from con-servation options that are shorter term and are not a permanent contract with the government. I ask that my colleagues support this amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, this amendment would direct the Depart-ment of the Interior to create a new education program to educate land-owners about conservation programs. It also requires that if the Interior De-partment contacts landowners about selling property or participating in a Federal conservation program, that the landowner be provided information about the Federal conservation pro-grams available. I think this informa-tion is already publicly available, so I don’t oppose establishing it as a con-servation education program, and I am happy to move this amendment by a voice vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I appreciate Senator ROUNDS bringing this measure before us. It appears we do have an agreement to do a voice vote on the Rounds amendment, as modified; therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the 60-vote threshold with respect to Rounds amendment No. 3182, as modified, be vitiated. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is on agreeing to the amendment. The amendment (No. 3182), as modi-fied, was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3030 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2953 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 3030. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Wyoming [Mr. B AR-
RASSO ] proposes an amendment numbered 3030 to amendment No. 2953. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish deadlines and expe-dite permits for certain natural gas gath-ering lines on Federal land and Indian land) At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NATURAL GAS GATHERING ENHANCE-MENT. 
(a) C ERTAIN NATURAL GASGATHERING LINES L
OCATED ON FEDERAL LAND AND INDIAN  L
AND.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subtitle B of title III of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–58; 119 Stat. 685) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 319. CERTAIN NATURAL GAS GATHERING LINES LOCATED ON FEDERAL LAND AND INDIAN LAND. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) G
AS GATHERING LINE AND ASSOCIATED  
FIELD COMPRESSION UNITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘gas gathering line and associated field compression unit’ means— ‘‘(i) a pipeline that is installed to transport natural gas production associated with 1 or more wells drilled and completed to produce oil or gas; and ‘‘(ii) if necessary, 1 or more compressors to raise the pressure of that transported nat-ural gas to higher pressures suitable to en-able the gas to flow into pipelines and other facilities. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘gas gathering line and associated field compression unit’ does not include a pipeline or compression unit that is installed to transport natural gas from a processing plant to a common carrier pipeline or facility. ‘‘(2) FEDERAL LAND .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘Federal land’ means land the title to which is held by the United States. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘Federal land’ does not include— ‘‘(i) a unit of the National Park System; ‘‘(ii) a unit of the National Wildlife Refuge System; ‘‘(iii) a component of the National Wilder-ness Preservation System; or ‘‘(iv) Indian land. ‘‘(3) I
NDIAN LAND .—The term ‘Indian land’ means land the title to which is held by— ‘‘(A) the United States in trust for an In-dian tribe or an individual Indian; or ‘‘(B) an Indian tribe or an individual Indian subject to a restriction by the United States against alienation. ‘‘(b) C
ERTAIN NATURAL GASGATHERING  L
INES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the issuance of a sundry notice or right-of- way for a gas gathering line and associated field compression unit that is located on Federal land or Indian land and that services any oil or gas well shall be considered to be an action that is categorically excluded (as defined in section 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this section)) for purposes of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) if the gas gath-ering line and associated field compression unit are— ‘‘(A) within a field or unit for which an ap-proved land use plan or an environmental document prepared pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) analyzed transportation of nat-ural gas produced from 1 or more oil or gas wells in that field or unit as a reasonably foreseeable activity; and ‘‘(B) located adjacent to or within— ‘‘(i) any existing disturbed area; or ‘‘(ii) an existing corridor for a right-of- way. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—Paragraph (1) shall apply to Indian land, or a portion of Indian land, for which the Indian tribe with juris-diction over the Indian land submits to the Secretary of the Interior a written request that paragraph (1) apply to that Indian land (or portion of Indian land). ‘‘(c) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAW.—Nothing in this section affects or alters any require-ment— ‘‘(1) relating to prior consent under— ‘‘(A) section 2 of the Act of February 5, 1948 (25 U.S.C. 324); or ‘‘(B) section 16(e) of the Act of June 18, 1934 (25 U.S.C. 476(e)) (commonly known as the ‘Indian Reorganization Act’); ‘‘(2) under section 306108 of title 54, United States Code; or ‘‘(3) under any other Federal law (including regulations) relating to tribal consent for rights-of-way across Indian land.’’. (2) A
SSESSMENTS .—Title XVIII of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–58; 119 Stat. 1122) (as amended by section 2311) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1842. NATURAL GAS GATHERING SYSTEM ASSESSMENTS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF GASGATHERING LINE 
AND ASSOCIATED FIELD COMPRESSION UNIT.— In this section, the term ‘gas gathering line and associated field compression unit’ has the meaning given the term in section 319. ‘‘(b) S
TUDY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with other appropriate Federal agencies, States, and Indian tribes, shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a study identifying— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.036 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S473 February 2, 2016 
‘‘(1) any actions that may be taken, under Federal law (including regulations), to expe-dite permitting for gas gathering lines and associated field compression units that are located on Federal land or Indian land, for the purpose of transporting natural gas asso-ciated with oil and gas production on any land to a processing plant or a common car-rier pipeline for delivery to markets; and ‘‘(2) any proposed changes to Federal law (including regulations) to expedite permit-ting for gas gathering lines and associated field compression units that are located on Federal land, for the purpose of transporting natural gas associated with oil and gas pro-duction on any land to a processing plant or a common carrier pipeline for delivery to markets. ‘‘(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, and every 1 year thereafter, the Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with other appro-priate Federal agencies, States, and Indian tribes, shall submit to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report that describes— ‘‘(1) the progress made in expediting per-mits for gas gathering lines and associated field compression units that are located on Federal land or Indian land, for the purpose of transporting natural gas associated with oil and gas production on any land to a proc-essing plant or a common carrier pipeline for delivery to markets; and ‘‘(2) any issues impeding that progress.’’. (3) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 1(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–58; 119 Stat. 594) is amended by adding at the end of subtitle B of title III the following: ‘‘Sec. 319. Natural gas gathering lines lo-cated on Federal land and In-dian land.’’. (B) Section (1)(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–58; 119 Stat. 594) is amended by adding at the end of title XXVIII the following: ‘‘Sec. 1842. Natural gas gathering system as-sessments.’’. (b) D
EADLINES FOR PERMITTING NATURAL  G
ASGATHERING LINES UNDER THE MINERAL  L
EASING ACT.—Section 28 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(z) N
ATURAL GASGATHERING LINES.—The Secretary of the Interior or other appro-priate agency head shall issue a sundry no-tice or right-of-way for a gas gathering line and associated field compression unit (as de-fined in section 319(a) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005) that is located on Federal land not later than 90 days after the date on which the applicable agency head receives the request for issuance unless the Secretary or agency head finds that the sundry notice or right-of-way would violate division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code, or the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.).’’. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, we all want to reduce the flaring of nat-ural gas in oil wells, and to do that we need natural gas gathering lines. These are small pipelines that capture nat-ural gas from oil wells where it would otherwise be flared off into the atmos-phere. This is a bipartisan amendment. I am delighted to be here with Senator H
EITKAMP , who is a cosponsor. This bi-partisan amendment expedites the per-mitting of the gathering lines on Fed-eral land and, subject to tribal consent, also on Indian lands. This is a common-sense solution that helps taxpayers, In-dian Country, and our environment. I yield to my lead cosponsor, the jun-ior Senator from North Dakota. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I thank my great friend from the State of Wyoming. Many of you have talked about the challenges you have in terms of seeing the flaring. If you want to stop waste, whether it is economic waste because of a lack of royalties, both Federal and State, or if you want to stop flaring and waste and do a great environ-mental thing, you will vote yes on this amendment. What this amendment fundamentally does is shorten the time period for pipeline easements across Federal land—easements where today it takes 2 or 3 weeks to get a private or State easement—which takes over a year. During that period of time, we have seen flaring across North Dakota and across the West. Please vote yes for this amendment. It is a great environmental and eco-nomic amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, speaking in opposition to this amend-ment, it is basically like Keystone ‘‘light.’’ The proponents want to have no environmental review of natural gas gathering pipelines, and that is why we should oppose it. With two exceptions, the amendment would require the Sec-retary of the Interior or Agriculture to approve the right to waive any gath-ering pipelines, unless they violate the Endangered Species Act or the Na-tional Historic Preservation Act. It would require the Secretary of the In-terior or Agriculture to approve the right to waive with pipelines. I consulted with the Department of the Interior, which had grave concerns about waiving those laws here. This amendment would significantly limit the Department’s ability to gather rel-evant, scientific, technical informa-tion, and the public views about how to manage our public lands. So I encour-age our colleagues to vote no. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. CRUZ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 52, nays 43, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 12 Leg.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Cruz Graham Rubio Sanders Shelby 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. The Senator from Alaska. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2996 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2953 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 2996. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Alaska [Mr. S ULLIVAN ] proposes an amendment numbered 2996 to amendment No. 2953. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require each agency to repeal or amend 1 or more rules before issuing or amending a rule) At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPEAL OF RULES REQUIRED BEFORE ISSUING OR AMENDING RULE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code; (2) the term ‘‘covered rule’’ means a rule of an agency that causes a new financial or ad-ministrative burden on businesses in the United States or on the people of the United States, as determined by the head of the agency; (3) the term ‘‘rule’’— (A) has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 551 of title 5, United States Code; and (B) includes— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.019 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES474 February 2, 2016 
(i) any rule issued by an agency pursuant to an Executive Order or Presidential memo-randum; and (ii) any rule issued by an agency due to the issuance of a memorandum, guidance docu-ment, bulletin, or press release issued by an agency; and (4) the term ‘‘Unified Agenda’’ means the Unified Agenda of Federal Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON ISSUANCE OF CERTAIN  R
ULES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An agency may not— (A) issue a covered rule that does not amend or modify an existing rule of the agency, unless— (i) the agency has repealed 1 or more exist-ing covered rules of the agency; and (ii) the cost of the covered rule to be issued is less than or equal to the cost of the cov-ered rules repealed under clause (i), as deter-mined and certified by the head of the agen-cy; or (B) issue a covered rule that amends or modifies an existing rule of the agency, un-less— (i) the agency has repealed or amended 1 or more existing covered rules of the agency; and (ii) the cost of the covered rule to be issued is less than or equal to the cost of the cov-ered rules repealed or amended under clause (i), as determined and certified by the head of the agency. (2) A
PPLICATION .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the issuance of a covered rule by an agency that— (A) relates to the internal policy or prac-tice of the agency or procurement by the agency; or (B) is being revised to be less burdensome to decrease requirements imposed by the covered rule or the cost of compliance with the covered rule. (c) C
ONSIDERATIONS FOR REPEALING  R
ULES .—In determining whether to repeal a covered rule under subparagraph (A)(i) or (B)(i) of subsection (b)(1), the head of the agency that issued the covered rule shall consider— (1) whether the covered rule achieved, or has been ineffective in achieving, the origi-nal purpose of the covered rule; (2) any adverse effects that could mate-rialize if the covered rule is repealed, in par-ticular if those adverse effects are the reason the covered rule was originally issued; (3) whether the costs of the covered rule outweigh any benefits of the covered rule to the United States; (4) whether the covered rule has become obsolete due to changes in technology, eco-nomic conditions, market practices, or any other factors; and (5) whether the covered rule overlaps with a covered rule to be issued by the agency. (d) P
UBLICATION OF COVERED RULES IN UNI-
FIED AGENDA .— (1) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each agency shall, on a semiannual basis, submit jointly and with-out delay to the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs for publication in the Unified Agenda a list containing— (A) each covered rule that the agency in-tends to issue during the 6-month period fol-lowing the date of submission; (B) each covered rule that the agency in-tends to repeal or amend in accordance with subsection (b) during the 6-month period fol-lowing the date of submission; and (C) the cost of each covered rule described in subparagraphs (A) and (B). (2) P
ROHIBITION .—An agency may not issue a covered rule unless the agency complies with the requirements under paragraph (1). 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, we all know that our economy is overregu-lated, and this overregulation under-mines our ability to grow our economy and create good jobs. I am sure all the Senators know that just this last quar-ter we grew at 0.7 percent GDP growth. We can’t even break 1 percent GDP growth now. Take a look at this chart. This is one of the big problems. Federal regula-tions only grow. They only grow year after year. They never go away. They are never sunsetted. Even President Obama recognizes this is a problem. In his State of the Union address, the President said: ‘‘I think there are outdated regulations that need to be changed. There is red tape that . . . [must] be cut.’’ My amendment is an opportunity to do just that. It is a simple, one-in, one- out requirement for agencies. When an agency issues a new reg, it has to sun-set or get rid of an old reg. Now, it is up to the agency to choose which reg it is going to get rid of, but it has to abide by the one-in, one-out rule. This is not a partisan idea. In fact, this is becoming a consensus idea. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time of the Senator has expired. Mr. SULLIVAN. The U.K. and Canada are doing this. Many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are very interested in this idea. I ask for their support of this amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, as the ranking member of the committee on homeland security, I rise in opposition to this amendment. Our friend who is offering this amendment today indicates that Fed-eral agencies are always promulgating regulations, and we never stand any of them down; we never retire them. As it turns out, about 5 or 6 years ago, Presi-dent Obama said to Cass Sunstein, who runs OIRA, part of OMB: I want you to begin a top-to-bottom review of regula-tions. Find the ones that don’t serve a purpose, and let’s get rid of them. Over the next 5 years, that effort will bear fruit. It is not like saving a couple of million dollars. Over the next 5 years, it is going to save $22 billion. So we actually do have a process, and this is one that has really been provided by leadership from the administration. The other avenue was provided by our Democratic leader from years ago when he authored something called the Congressional Review Act. It is not al-ways effective; it doesn’t always work, but it is actually a way to stand down regulations that we don’t want to see stood up. So there are two ways to do this. We always have an opportunity whenever regulations are proposed. We can speak to them. We can testify to them. We can urge that they be changed while they are in production. I urge us to vote no on this amend-ment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. Mr. GRASSLEY. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. CRUZ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 49, nays 46, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 13 Leg.] YEAS—49 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—46 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Cruz Graham Rubio Sanders Shelby 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. The Senator from Hawaii. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3176 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2953 (Purpose: To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to phase out tax preferences for fossil fuels on the same schedule as the phase out of the tax credits for wind facili-ties) 
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 3176 and ask that it be reported by number. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the amendment by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.003 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S475 February 2, 2016 
The Senator from Hawaii [Mr. S CHATZ ] pro- poses an amendment numbered 3176 to amendment No. 2953. 
(The amendment is printed in the R
ECORD of February 1, 2016, under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, this amendment is based on a very simple idea: that there should be a level play-ing field for fossil fuels and for clean energy. Right now we have subsidies on both the fossil fuel side and on the clean energy side through our Tax Code. Periodically, we need to recali-brate our energy policy based on mar-ket conditions, fiscal circumstances, and what is happening in the world. Again, here is the idea: We should make sure to reevaluate tax pref-erences for fossil fuels and clean en-ergy at the same time. If we are serious about creating a level playing field, we should phase out incentives for fossil fuels as we phased them out for wind and solar power. Majorities of both Democrats and Republicans support the repeal of these tax preferences, and so I hope my colleagues will join me in a big bipartisan vote for putting our clean sources of energy on equal foot-ing with their fossil fuel counterparts. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, we have seen an iteration of this before. It is Groundhog Day, but there is a dif-ference with the approach that has been taken with regard to targeting oil and gas production with this basket of fossil fuel subsidies, where we are talk-ing about the repeal of five very impor-tant tax provisions that are vital to our domestic small and midsize opera-tors. The sponsor is correct. It does tie the expiration of these provisions to the expiration of wind tax credits, which most of us would agree should be phased out. I am in favor of reforming our Tax Code to make it more straightforward and fair. I would welcome that discus-sion for us to engage in broad-based tax reform on the Senate floor, but the En-ergy Policy Modernization Act is not the place to do it. It is not the appro-priate venue for a tax amendment. As my colleagues know, all revenue-rais-ing measures must originate within the House. The adoption of this tax-related amendment would therefore create an impermissible blue-slip problem. I urge its rejection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. RUBIO), and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ) would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 45, nays 50, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 14 Leg.] YEAS—45 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—50 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—5 
Cruz Graham Rubio Sanders Shelby 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. The Senator from Illinois. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3095 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2953 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 3095 and ask that it be reported by number. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the amendment by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. D URBIN ] proposes an amendment numbered 3095 to amendment No. 2953. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To increase funding for the Office of Science of the Department of Energy) On page 352, strike lines 17 through 21 and insert the following: ‘‘(8) $5,423,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(9) $5,808,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(10) $6,220,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(11) $6,661,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(12) $7,134,000,000 for fiscal year 2020.’’. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this bi-partisan amendment which I am offer-ing with Senator A
LEXANDER would in-crease funding levels for the Depart-ment of Energy Office of Science to a rate of 5 percent annual real growth for 5 years. The Office of Science is an incredible organization—24 scientists, 10 national labs, research in 300 colleges and uni-versities in all 50 States. It was their work which led to the development of the MRI, and they are currently work-ing on imaging systems to identify Alz-heimer’s in its early stages. It is an in-credible operation. This commitment will pay us back many times over. I yield to my friend and colleague from Tennessee. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote because I think an important part of a Republican pro- growth policy is support for govern-ment-sponsored research. That is how we got 3–D mapping and horizontal drilling that led to unconventional gas and oil. That is how we are going to get the cost of carbon capture low enough to make it commercial. That is how we are going to get solar panels cheap enough to make them useful. We should reduce wasteful spending on subsidies for mature energy tech-nology and double energy research, and this would do that on a conservative path. At 5 percent a year, it would take 10 years to double the $5 billion of en-ergy spending we have today. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I understand that we have an agreement to voice vote the Durbin amendment. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the 60-vote threshold with respect to the Durbin amendment No. 3095 be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Is there any further debate on the amendment? Hearing none, the question occurs on agreeing to the amendment. The amendment (No. 3095) was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. AMENDMENT NO . 3125 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2953 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 3125 and ask that it be reported by number. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the amendment by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ] proposes an amendment num-bered 3125 to amendment No. 2953. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require campaign finance dis-closures for certain persons benefitting from fossil fuel activities) At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. CAMPAIGN FINANCE DISCLOSURES BY FOSSIL FUEL BENEFICIARIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1974 (52 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.041 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES476 February 2, 2016 
30104) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) D
ISCLOSURE BY FOSSIL FUEL BENE-
FICIARIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) I
NITIAL DISCLOSURE .—Every covered entity which has made covered disburse-ments and received covered transfers in an aggregate amount in excess of $10,000 during the period beginning on January 1, 2014, and ending on the date that is 165 days after the date of the enactment of this subsection shall file with the Commission a statement containing the information described in paragraph (2) not later than the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this subsection. ‘‘(B) S
UBSEQUENT DISCLOSURES .—Every cov-ered entity which makes covered disburse-ments (other than covered disbursement re-ported under subparagraph (A)) and received covered transfers (other than a covered transfer reported under subparagraph (A)) in an aggregate amount in excess of $10,000 dur-ing any calendar year shall, within 48 hours of each disclosure date, file with the Com-mission a statement containing the informa-tion described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF STATEMENT .—Each state-ment required to be filed under this sub-section shall be made under penalty of per-jury and shall contain the following informa-tion: ‘‘(A) The identification of the person mak-ing the disbursement or receiving the trans-fer, of any person sharing or exercising direc-tion or control over the activities of such person, and of the custodian of the books and accounts of the person making the disburse-ment or receiving the transfer. ‘‘(B) The principal place of business of the person making the disbursement or receiving the transfer, if not an individual. ‘‘(C) The amount of each disbursement or transfer of more than $200 during the period covered by the statement and the identifica-tion of the person to whom the disbursement was made or from whom the transfer was re-ceived. ‘‘(D) The elections to which the disburse-ments or transfers pertain and the names (if known) of the candidates involved. ‘‘(E) If the disbursements were paid out of a segregated bank account which consists of funds contributed solely by individuals who are United States citizens or nationals or lawfully admitted for permanent residence (as defined in section 101(a)(20) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(20))) directly to this account for elec-tioneering communications, the names and addresses of all contributors who contributed an aggregate amount of $1,000 or more to that account during— ‘‘(i) in the case of a statement under para-graph (1)(A), during the period described in such paragraph, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of a statement under para-graph (1)(B), the period beginning on the first day of the preceding calendar year and ending on the disclosure date. Nothing in this subparagraph is to be con-strued as a prohibition on the use of funds in such a segregated account for a purpose other than covered disbursements. ‘‘(F) If the disbursements were paid out of funds not described in subparagraph (E), the names and addresses of all contributors who contributed an aggregate amount of $1,000 or more to the person making the disbursement during— ‘‘(i) in the case of a statement under para-graph (1)(A), during the period described in such paragraph, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of a statement under para-graph (1)(B), the period beginning on the first day of the preceding calendar year and ending on the disclosure date. ‘‘(3) COVERED ENTITY .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘covered enti-ty’ means— ‘‘(i) any person who is described in sub-paragraph (B), and ‘‘(ii) any person who owns 5 percent or more of any person described in subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(B) P
ERSON DESCRIBED .—A person is de-scribed in this subparagraph if such person has received revenues or stands to receive revenues of $1,000,000 or greater from fossil fuel activities. ‘‘(C) F
OSSIL FUEL ACTIVITIES .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘fossil fuel activi-ties’ includes the extraction, production, re-fining, transportation, or combustion of oil, natural gas, or coal. ‘‘(4) C
OVERED DISBURSEMENT .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘covered dis-bursement’ means a disbursement for any of the following: ‘‘(A) An independent expenditure. ‘‘(B) A broadcast, cable, or satellite com-munication (other than a communication de-scribed in subsection (f)(3)(B)) which— ‘‘(i) refers to a clearly identified candidate for Federal office; ‘‘(ii) is made— ‘‘(I) in the case of a communication which refers to a candidate for an office other than President or Vice President, during the pe-riod beginning on January 1 of the calendar year in which a general or runoff election is held and ending on the date of the general or runoff election (or in the case of a special election, during the period beginning on the date on which the announcement with re-spect to such election is made and ending on the date of the special election); or ‘‘(II) in the case of a communication which refers to a candidate for the office of Presi-dent or Vice President, is made in any State during the period beginning 120 days before the first primary election, caucus, or pref-erence election held for the selection of dele-gates to a national nominating convention of a political party is held in any State (or, if no such election or caucus is held in any State, the first convention or caucus of a po-litical party which has the authority to nominate a candidate for the office of Presi-dent or Vice President) and ending on the date of the general election; and ‘‘(iii) in the case of a communication which refers to a candidate for an office other than President or Vice President, is targeted to the relevant electorate (within the meaning of subsection (f)(3)(C)). ‘‘(C) A transfer to another person for the purposes of making a disbursement described in subparagraph (A) or (B). ‘‘(5) C
OVERED TRANSFER .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘covered transfer’ means any amount received by a covered en-tity for the purposes of making a covered disbursement. ‘‘(6) D
ISCLOSURE DATE .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘disclosure date’ means— ‘‘(A) the first date during any calendar year by which a person has made covered dis-bursements and received covered transfers aggregating in excess of $10,000; and ‘‘(B) any other date during such calendar year by which a person has made covered dis-bursements and received covered transfers aggregating in excess of $10,000 since the most recent disclosure date for such calendar year. ‘‘(7) C
ONTRACTS TO DISBURSE ; COORDINATION  
WITH OTHER REQUIREMENTS ; ETC,.—Rules simi-lar to the rules of paragraphs (5), (6), and (7) of subsection (f) shall apply for purposes of this subsection.’’. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, this is the last vote in this tranche of votes, and I hope this can be a bipar-tisan vote. We all understand that a shadow has fallen over this Chamber since Citizens United, and that is the shadow of dark money. The American public is sick about the special inter-ests that have so much sway. They are even more sick of special interests hav-ing secret sway because of secret spending. This secret spending influ-ences what we can and cannot do. It in-fluences our deliberations. It has even constrained the shape of the very bill on the floor right now. As one Ken-tucky newspaper said, it has also cre-ated a tsunami of slime in our elec-tions. This vote gives us the chance to push back and to put a little daylight on the secret money that is being spent in our elections. I very much hope that, con-sistent with past Republican support for sunshine and disclosure, we can get a bipartisan vote in favor of disclosure of the big-money donors who are now putting secret money into our elec-tions—in this case, particularly in the energy sector. I ask for the votes of my colleague in favor of this amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I do think that at some point in time it is fair to discuss disclosure when it comes to campaign finance and cam-paign finance disclosure. However what this amendment does is require cam-paign finance disclosures from individ-uals receiving over $1 million from fos-sil fuel activities—no other activities. What activities are we talking about? It defines fossil fuel activities as those including ‘‘the extraction, production, refining, transportation, or combustion of oil, natural gas, or coal.’’ That is pretty broad. We are talking about ex-plorers, producers, refiners, perhaps even the automotive industry, the rail industry, powerplants, and many oth-ers. We can have a discussion about cam-paign finance disclosure and what may or may not be appropriate. We defeated an amendment similar to this when we had the Keystone debate last January. We tabled another. The time and the place to debate this issue is not in this Energy Policy Modernization Act. Therefore, I will be opposing the amendment and encourage my col-leagues to do the same. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.020 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S477 February 2, 2016 
from Texas (Mr. C RUZ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ) would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. A
YOTTE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 43, nays 52, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 15 Leg.] YEAS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—5 
Cruz Graham Rubio Sanders Shelby 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. The Senator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, we have just concluded this series of eight votes. You combine that with the rollcall votes we had yesterday, as well as the voice votes we have taken, and we are up to 27 amendments that we have processed. We are moving right along. I appreciate the cooperation of Mem-bers on both sides and the staff who are working as we speak to see if we can pull together yet another block of amendments we will be able to accept by voice vote. We will not have any more rollcall votes for the remainder of today, but know that we are working aggressively to try to process as many amendments as we can by voice vote and then set up a process tomorrow. We will notify Members in terms of when we might be able to expect votes on amendments. I thank colleagues for the good work today. We encourage you to come down to the floor, speak to your amendments, speak to the issues you are hoping to advance. We would like to get this bill through to completion by the end of this week. I thank Members for their support. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the Murkowski substitute amendment No. 2953. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on amend-ment No. 2953, the substitute amendment to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Lisa Murkowski, Cory Gardner, Mike Crapo, John Cornyn, John Barrasso, Steve Daines, Richard Burr, Bill Cassidy, Pat Roberts, John Hoeven, Shelley Moore Capito, John Thune, James E. Risch, Lamar Alex-ander, John McCain, Rob Portman. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the underlying bill, S. 2012. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Calendar No. 218, S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Lisa Murkowski, Cory Gardner, Mike Crapo, John Cornyn, John Barrasso, Steve Daines, Richard Burr, Bill Cassidy, Pat Roberts, John Hoeven, Shelley Moore Capito, John Thune, James E. Risch, Lamar Alex-ander, John McCain, Rob Portman. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call under rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate with respect to the cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, the crisis in Flint, MI, is a tragedy that was en-tirely preventable. This week we have a chance to do something about it. Senator STABENOW and Senator P ETERS  from Michigan have submitted an amendment that I hope, when we go back on the bill, we will consider. As we do so, it is important to remember that Flint is far from the only town in this country where families face expo-sure to dangerous levels of lead. In Sebring, in northeast Ohio, near Youngstown, we know there are trou-bling amounts of lead in the water. Families are scared that their drinking water isn’t safe. They are afraid they are facing another Flint. No parent should have to worry that the water coming out of their faucets might in fact be poisoning their children. Preg-nant women shouldn’t have to fear their tap water. In Sebring, just as in Flint, families were left in the dark about the safety of their water. For months, local offi-cials failed to notify residents about the lead, and the State EPA failed to step in. I spoke with the mayor. I spoke recently—just this week—to State Representative Boccieri and State Senator Schiavoni, who rep-resent Sebring and that part of the county, about what our response should be. The amendment before us this week will help put a stop to the failure—in Michigan, the failure of the Governor, and in Columbus, it appears to be the failure of the State EPA. It requires the Federal Environmental Protection Agency to notify the public directly if there is a danger from lead in the water system if a State fails to do so within 15 days. No more arguing about whose responsibility it is while fami-lies continue drinking water that we know is not safe. No more finger-point-ing after the fact. This amendment says that when there is a problem with the water, people have a right to know and that it is the EPA’s job to make sure they do. The sooner we know about lead contamination, the sooner we can get to work to fix it. That is why notification is critical. But notifi-cation is just the beginning. The amendment before us this week will be just the beginning of our work to pro-tect Americans from unsafe levels of lead. The Centers for Disease Control esti-mates that at least 4 million American households—4 million American house-holds with children—are exposed to high levels of lead. We know what that does to their brain development. We know the impact it has for the rest of their lives. Four million households in this country have children who are ex-posed to high levels of lead even though we know it isn’t safe. This problem stretches far beyond Flint, MI, and far beyond just our water systems. Corroded lead pipes are a major health hazard, but they are far from the only source of lead poisoning. We know that too many of our children 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.009 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES478 February 2, 2016 
are exposed to lead through paint— mostly in older homes and mostly in lower income homes—and even the dirt in their backyards. Imagine that. The devastating effects of lead poi-soning fall disproportionately on low- income children and on children of color. They are more likely to live in older homes closer to the city center and in rental housing that is poorly maintained. I have seen it firsthand in Ohio. The Cleveland Plain Dealer con-ducted an investigation last fall. They found that some 40,000 Cuyahoga Coun-ty children have tested positive for lead poisoning in the last 10 years. Think about that—40,000 children in that community alone have been tested for lead poisoning over the past 10 years and have tested positive. Paint chips shed from molding and windowsills in older homes turn into dust that is easily ingested. Sometimes babies pick up lead chips and chew on them because they are colorful. The danger hasn’t subsided. More than 187,000 homes in Cuyahoga County are putting their occupants at risk of lead poisoning. That is why our efforts can’t stop with Michigan and can’t stop with lead in our water. The good news is, we can combat this. I know we can because we have done it before. In 2012 a number of my colleagues—Senators F
RANKEN from Minnesota, C
ASEY from Pennsylvania, and M
ERKLEY from Oregon—wrote to the EPA about the danger posed by former lead smelter sites in urban resi-dential communities. I was in one of those neighborhoods and talked to peo-ple who had seen far too much lead in the dirt where their children play in front or behind their houses. Because of our efforts and some diligent report-ing by reporters at USA TODAY, the EPA has acted to reexamine hundreds of former lead factory sites, helping communities address and deal with this problem. Think about this: You move into a home. You didn’t know that 40 years ago this neighborhood had a lead smelting plant. Your children play in it. You have no idea that soil is con-taminated from that lead smelter that closed decades ago. We also worked to combat the threat of lead in our children’s toys. In 2007 Ashland University professor Jeff Weidenhamer found that more than one in seven Halloween toys he pur-chased and tested through his classes contained dangerous levels of lead, most of them made in China, most of them painted by companies con-tracting with U.S. toy companies. Who is responsible for that? Surely the Chi-nese companies’ subcontractors that put the lead paint on the toys but cer-tainly the U.S. toy companies that contracted with them and didn’t care enough or know enough to check the quality of these toys. Following that shocking discovery, we worked with Professor Weidenhamer and other ex-perts to pass the bipartisan Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act in 2008. When Professor Weidenhamer con-ducted the same test on toys in 2011, none of them tested positive for dan-gerous levels of lead. In spite of the fact that many people sitting in this body won their elections by saying that the government can never do anything good, that the gov-ernment can never have an impact on our lives, and that the government is too big, that is what the government did—we passed a consumer protection bill in 2008. Two years later we found that comparable toys don’t have lead paint in them. So we know we can make progress when we work together and strengthen consumer protections to ensure that agencies tasked with protecting children have the resources they need. We need to take the lead in our water, in our communities, and in our homes just as seriously as lead in toys. It is not enough to just respond to the crisis at hand. We should do that in Flint, we should do that in Sebring, and we should do that in smaller com-munities in Ohio in older homes—all of those things. But it is not enough just to respond. Once children have been ex-posed, the effects can’t be erased. We have to do more to help protect fami-lies from being exposed to lead in the first place. We did the right thing in December when we funded critical programs at the CDC and at Housing and Urban De-velopment that helped prevent lead poisoning and monitor lead levels in children, but we can’t stop there. We are seeing in Flint, we are seeing in Sebring, OH, and we are seeing in cities across our country that current efforts are not enough. Senator S
TABENOW and Senator P
ETERS ’ amendment is a first good step. I hope we will use this op-portunity to examine what more we can do to protect our children, espe-cially those young enough that their brain is developing. Lead poisoning ar-rests much of their brain development and affects the rest of their lives. We have to do whatever we can to protect our children from the terrible effects of lead poisoning. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING STATE SENATOR GIL KAHELE  
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, what is aloha? It is not a catchphrase. As it is commonly understood, it is synony-mous with kindness, with love, with hospitality, with a Hawaiian perspec-tive, but it is difficult for those not from Hawaii to fully understand its meaning and for those of us from Ha-waii to fully explain. No one embodied the spirit of aloha more than State senator Gil Kahele, who died suddenly last week. He was a living personification of the idea that we are all in this together, that it real-ly does mean something to live to-gether in an island State in the most isolated populated place on the planet and the most beautiful place in the world. Senator Kahele devoted his life to public service, but political office for him was an afterthought. Gil was a veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps. He worked for the State’s department of defense for 33 years and eventually be-came director of public works at the Pohakuloa Training Area. Gil took office in 2011 and dedicated his efforts to the people of Senate Dis-trict 1. He was the chair of the Tourism and International Affairs Committee. Gil was committed to supporting the needs of his district and was instru-mental in securing funding for the Col-lege of Pharmacy at the University of Hawaii at Hilo. The circumstances of my election in 2014 were unusual in the extreme, and they brought me to Gil. On election night, I was ahead by fewer than 2,000 votes, but there were parts of Hawaii Island—two precincts in particular— that were unable to vote because of a category 4 hurricane that hit the southern part of the Big Island, the Puna District. As a result, the day after the primary election day, we real-ized we weren’t quite done, and so we went to Puna. But more than the elec-tion not being done, the people of Puna were without water and power. Their food was rotting, their roads weren’t clear, and they had no working utili-ties. So we went to work—not gath-ering votes but gathering provisions; not walking door to door to campaign but literally standing on the road handing out blocks of ice for the folks in Puna. We did this every day for a week, with Gil and the Kahele ohana, until a sense of normalcy was eventu-ally restored. For their family, this was just what you do if you are a per-son like Gil Kahele, born in a grass shack in the fishing village of Miolii, a Native Hawaiian who served his coun-try, his State, his community, and his family the best way he knew how— with aloha. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
WILDFIRE PREVENTION FUNDING  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, last year more acreage in our forests burned than ever before. I know the Presiding Officer understands what this has been like in the West over the last few years. Senator C
RAPO and I have dedi-cated something like 5 years of our professional lives to coming up with practical approaches to deal with this mushrooming problem. There are a whole host of issues that go into mak-ing a sensible forestry policy to make sure that we can protect our treasures 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.054 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S479 February 2, 2016 
in the West, have jobs in the woods that are sustainable, and keep our for-ests healthy. In order to do that, one of the most important reforms that are necessary is the one that Senator C
RAPO and I have been working on. I really began on this before I was the chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee. Senator C
RAPO and I lit-erally have teamed up now for half a decade to end a particularly inefficient and harmful economic and environ-mental policy that we call fire bor-rowing. Fire borrowing takes place when Congress fails to budget enough money to fight wildfires, forcing agen-cies to raid their other accounts, in-cluding accounts to prevent wildfires. Obviously, there may be some listen-ing in who don’t represent western communities. But what Senator C
RAPO  and I have tried to convey to our col-leagues is that fire borrowing doesn’t just threaten fire prevention and sup-pression. It is quicksand that is drag-ging down all of the programs at the Forest Service: timber sales, stream restoration, trail maintenance, recre-ation, and many more. So Senator C
RAPO and I said that this was too important to have yet another issue that gets thrown around, batted around like another bit of cannon fod-der for partisan kind of drills. We have put together legislation with 21 cospon-sors in the Senate and 145 in the House to end fire borrowing. Our legislation is supported by a coalition of more than 250 groups of anglers, sportsmen, envi-ronmentalists, and timber companies. It is pretty hard to get more than a handful of people to agree on much of anything here in Washington, DC. What Senator C
RAPO and I have been talking about now has more than 250 organizations behind it. Despite the overwhelming support for this effort, the bill has been stuck. To-night what Senator C
RAPO and I are going to talk about is how we can work together with our colleagues to unstick this and to get it done. We felt that all along we had been doing what it took to make this happen. We talked to our colleagues of both parties. We nego-tiated. We talked to House Members. We talked to Senate offices. We talked to the administration. We talked to timber and environmental people. All we said is that it makes sense, even though there are a whole host of changes that you can pursue for a sen-sible fire policy to end fire borrowing for good, to end the erosion of the For-est Service budget, and to start focus-ing on prevention. Wouldn’t it make more sense to concentrate on preven-tion, going in there and thinning out the forests and using sensible fire pre-vention strategies rather than not to do the prevention and have the forests get hot and dry? Then we have light-ning strikes in our part of the world. All of a sudden you have an inferno on your hands, and they don’t have enough money to put all these fires out. So you borrow from the preven-tion fund and the problem gets worse. What Senator CRAPO and I said is that we will work with all of the budg-et authorities. We were very much in-volved with Chairman E
NZIin this. We could come up with some budget proc-ess issues that would be acceptable here in the Senate and also to our col-leagues in the House. There was a colloquy last week among the chairs of the Energy, Budg-et, and Agriculture Committees that indicated that they very much want a resolution of the issue. I am pleased that they are interested in hearings and working on legislation and moving in February and March. I felt that this was a promising start to the year be-cause that is what Senator C
RAPO and I were after last July when we got a great many Senators together and we said that we were going to try to get this worked out so that it could have been done last fall. We all said that we were going to get together and get this resolved. Obviously, for a variety of reasons it didn’t happen. But I think what we heard last week strikes me as a begin-ning to finally getting this unstuck, and I have been so appreciative of working with the Senator on this now for something like 5 years. I would be interested in the Senator’s reaction with respect to this situation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Idaho. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I strongly agree with my friend and colleague Senator W
YDEN from Oregon. He is ab-solutely right that we have been work-ing on this for probably 5 years as we have worked to identify the solution and then build the coalition of support to implement the solution that is nec-essary for this critical problem. I am also very appreciative, as Sen-ator W
YDEN has said, that we had the chairman of the Energy Committee, the chairman of the Budget Com-mittee, and the chairman of the Agri-culture Committee engaged in a col-loquy last week discussing the urgency of resolving this issue. I believe we are now getting to a point at which the un-derstanding of how critical it is to re-solve this issue has penetrated deeply into the political fiber of both the Sen-ate and the House. Now we need to take that momentum and continue to move forward. As we take stock of last year’s fire season, the statistics are sobering. Sen-ator W
YDEN referenced a little bit of it. Let me just add to that a little bit. Nationally, last year, we had 68,151 fires that burned 10.1 million acres and cost over $1.7 billion in suppression op-erations. These fires accounted for the loss of roughly 4,600 structures, and, most tragically, the lives of 13 wild land firefighters. This set of statistics is a set of sta-tistics that is growing every year. We are seeing more fires and more cata-strophic fires every year because we are not managing our forests properly, and we are not dealing with the crisis that is creating in forest fires. There is a very important statistic that I think everyone in America should understand about this critical issue. I just said that there were 68,151 fires in America last year. One percent of those fires cost 30 percent of the fire-fighting budget. Those are the fires that became catastrophes. They be-came catastrophic. The solution we have come together on to help address this issue is simply to make a very ob-vious conclusion and to put it into the law; that is, when we get a fire that is 1 percent of the fires that cost 30 per-cent of the firefighting and do so much of the damage, we declare that they are natural disasters—just like the earth-quakes, the hurricanes, the tornadoes, the floods and the other disasters that we acknowledge here in Congress and deal with as disasters when we finance the efforts to fight them and to re-spond to them. With these numbers in mind, I want to again thank the committee chair-men who came to the floor last week and engaged in a colloquy to express how serious this issue is. It is getting to a crisis point. As those Senators last week noted, when it comes to how we fight wildfires, we are in a crisis. For more than a decade, as fires have raged across the West, we have seri-ously underbudgeted for the necessary suppression costs with these disasters. To make matters worse, the lack of re-sources to fight the worst of our annual fires has forced land management agencies into what Senator WYDEN has so ably described—fire borrowing that results in less money for the very ac-tivities that can prevent the large dev-astating fires from happening in the first place. What happens is our man-agement agencies, the Forest Service, Bureau of Land Management, and those who deal with the wild lands and grasses that burn, have had to borrow from all of their other funds so that they can’t adequately manage the land. As a result, we end up with more bad fires, and every year the catastrophic fires grow. When the Forest Service is forced to borrow to fight fires, they are actually borrowing against jobs, recreational opportunities, and proper forest man-agement. The best way to think of fire borrowing is less timber, less jobs, and less access to these beautiful lands be-cause while it is fire borrowing, in many cases it delays the repayment in ways that actually cancel projects, un-dercut the ability to implement proper forest management, lose jobs, and re-duce access to our public lands. Per-haps the most destructive is the fact that less work in the woods means that the harmful cycle just gets worse. As Senator W
YDEN has noted, to ad-dress this problem, we have consist-ently introduced legislation for years now that would treat the devastating fires as the disasters that they are. I need to back up for a second. We talk about the fact that there is a cost that is not being provided for by Con-gress and that this fire borrowing has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.056 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES480 February 2, 2016 
to happen, but I think it is critical to note that our solution has been scored by both the Congressional Budget Of-fice and by the OMB at the White House as having zero budget impact. It will not increase the deficit because we do end up paying to fight these fires, it is just the way that we end up paying to fight them is the way we deal with so much of our catastrophic health care—at the emergency room with the most expensive solutions, the worst outcomes, and we don’t deal with the underlying crisis. While there is broad agreement from lawmakers on both sides of the aisle and in both Houses of Congress that a fix to fire borrowing is needed, there have been different approaches to the solution. Senator W
YDEN and I have been very willing to work with those who have different ideas about how we need to solve this problem and can ac-tually make adjustments in our legis-lation as we move forward to deal with issues and concerns that others have raised. We are now at the crisis point, and now we need to move forward and put a final resolution in place. Senator W
YDEN and I have worked with these lawmakers and will continue to work with them. We are simply here tonight to say that we are very pleased to see that the leadership of the critical com-mittees in the Senate and others who are so concerned about this issue are in agreement that we need to put this on the front burner and engage with devel-oping a solution and putting it into law. I look forward to working with Sen-ator W
YDEN , the chairman of our En-ergy, Budget, and Agriculture Commit-tees, and all the interested stake-holders whom Senator W
YDEN men-tioned—250 groups from across the po-litical spectrum. This is one of those issues in which those groups that so often have different perspectives on how to manage our public lands are in agreement, and we need to take this support—the political agreement that is taking place and the political aware-ness of the crisis that is happening— and move forward to the implementa-tion of a solution. I appreciate the opportunity to come to the floor tonight and talk with Sen-ator W
YDEN one more time about this as we move to the final stages of imple-menting this important legislation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I thank my friend from Idaho, and in wrapping this up I wish to convey what the bot-tom line really is here. Senator C
RAPO and I do not want to be back on the floor of the U.S. Senate in the winter of 2017 once again talking about how something got stuck or somebody didn’t agree with somebody on one small aspect of this, and as a re-sult fire borrowing is still in place. What Senator C
RAPO and I are saying is we want to work with all sides. It is going to have to be bipartisan and it is going to have to be bicameral. Those are probably the most important words in this whole discussion. It is going to have to be bipartisan and it is going to have to be bicameral. We have lots of committees involved. We have the Energy and Natural Re-sources Committee that I am on and the Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry Committee, and the Budget Com-mittee that both of us have been on. We have lots of committees in the Sen-ate, and we have partners in the House who have also played a meaningful role. I would like to think that Senator CRAPO and I were able to move that bi-partisan, bicameral process a fair way down the road at the end of last year, but what we are saying is: Let’s now vow, as a body and working with our colleagues, to make sure we are not back here in the winter of 2017 after yet another horrendous fire season and once again saying: You know, this For-est Service practice is a textbook case of inefficiency, and we are explaining what fire borrowing is and how it does so much damage in the forest and to forest health. This is about the betterment of rural resource-dependent communities, espe-cially in the West and around the coun-try. Senator C
RAPO and I have worked together on other past efforts, such as the secure rural schools legislation and the Healthy Forests Restoration Act. We were both involved in those efforts and they were, in fact, bipartisan and bicameral. Tonight our hope is, as a result of this discussion and what we heard on the floor of the Senate last week, that in fact after more than 5 years of effort on this issue, that this time the Con-gress, on both sides of the Capitol, will come together and will work with the administration. They indicated support for what we were doing last year and will indicate support early on for ef-forts that are bipartisan and bi-cameral. The sooner we can get on with that, the better. That is why it is good news that the committees will be start-ing hearings and legislative consider-ation shortly, and we look forward to working with our colleagues. I yield at this time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. 
TRANS -PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT  
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, on Thursday, 12 countries will sign a mas-sive trade agreement to change the rules for 40 percent of the world’s econ-omy, but the Trans-Pacific Partnership will not go into effect unless Congress approves it. I urge my colleagues to re-ject the TPP and stop an agreement that will tilt the playing field even more in favor of big multinational cor-porations and against working fami-lies. Much of the debate over this trade agreement has been described as a fight over America’s role in setting the rules of international trade, but this is a de-liberate diversion. In fact, the United States has free-trade agreements with half of the TPP countries. Most of the TPP’s 30 chapters don’t even deal with traditional trade issues. No. Most of TPP is about letting multinational corporations rig the rules on every-thing from patent protection to food safety standards all to benefit them-selves. The first clue about whom the TPP helps is who wrote it. Twenty-eight trained advisory committees were formed to whisper in the ear of our trade negotiators to urge them to move this way or that way during negotia-tions. Who are the special privileged whisperers? Well, 85 percent are cor-porate executives or industry lobby-ists. Many of the committees—includ-ing those on chemicals and pharma-ceuticals, aerospace equipment, tex-tiles and clothing, and financial serv-ices—are 100 percent industry rep-resentatives. In 15 advisory commit-tees, no one—no one—was in the room who represented American workers or American consumers. There was no one in the room who worried about the en-forcement of environmental issues or protection against human rights abuses. Nope. Day after day, meeting after meeting, our official negotiators listened to the whispers of the giant in-dustries and heard little from anyone else. The second clue about what is going on is that it all happened behind closed doors. The U.S. Trade Representative, Michael Froman, says that the United States has been working to negotiate this trade deal for over 51⁄2years, but the text of the agreement was hidden from public view until just 3 months ago, and when I say hidden, I mean hid-den. The drafts were kept under lock and key so that even Members of the Senate had to go to a secure location to see them, and then we weren’t al-lowed to say anything to anyone about what we had actually seen. A rigged process produces a rigged outcome. When the people whispering in the ears of our negotiators are mostly top ex-ecutives and lobbyists for big corpora-tion—and when the public is shut out of the negotiating process—the final deal tilts in favor of corporate inter-ests. Evidence of this tilt can be seen in a key TPP provision, investor-state dis-pute settlement, ISDS. With ISDS, big companies get the right to challenge laws they don’t like, not in courts but in front of industry-friendly arbitra-tion panels that sit outside any court system. Those panels can force tax-payers to write huge checks to big cor-porations with no appeals. Workers, en-vironmentalists, and human rights ad-vocates don’t get the special right, only corporations do. Most Americans don’t think of keep-ing dangerous pesticides out of our food or keeping our drinking water clean as trade issues, but all over the globe companies have used ISDS to de-mand compensation for laws they don’t like. Just last year a mining company 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.058 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S481 February 2, 2016 
won an ISDS case when Canada denied the company permits to blast off the coast of Nova Scotia. Today, Canadian taxpayers are on the hook for up to $300 million all because their govern-ment tried to protect its environment and tried to protect the livelihood of local fishermen. ISDS hasn’t been a problem just for other countries. We have seen the dan-gers of ISDS right here at home. Last year, the U.S. State Department con-cluded, and President Obama agreed, that the Keystone XL Pipeline would not serve the national interests of the United States. It was a long fight, but the administration, applying American law, decided that the pipeline was a threat to our air, to our water, and to our climate and denied the permit, but the oil company that wants to build this pipeline doesn’t think the buck stops with our President. Now this for-eign oil company is using the ISDS provision in NAFTA to demand more than $15 billion in damages from the United States just because we turned down the Keystone Pipeline. The Nation’s top experts in law and economics have warned us about the dangers of ISDS. Nobel Prize-winning economist Joe Stiglitz, Harvard law professor Laurence Tribe, and others recently noted that if ISDS panels force countries to pay high enough fines, the countries will voluntarily drop the health, safety, labor, and envi-ronmental laws that big corporations don’t like. That is exactly what Ger-many did in 2011 when they cut back on environmental regulations after an ISDS lawsuit. Everyone understands the risks asso-ciated with ISDS. In fact, the issue got so hot over tobacco companies using ISDS to roll back health standards around, the world that the TPP nego-tiators decided to limit the use of ISDS to challenge tobacco laws. That is a pretty bold admission that ISDS can be used to weaken public health laws. I am glad tobacco laws are protected from ISDS, but what about food safety laws or drug safety laws or any other regulation that is designed to protect our citizens? Under TPP every other company, regardless of the health or safety impact, will be able to use ISDS. Congress will have to vote straight up or down on TPP. We will not have a chance to strip out any of the worst provisions like ISDS. That is why I op-pose the TPP, and I hope Congress will use its constitutional authority to stop this deal before it makes things even worse and more dangerous for Amer-ica’s hardest working families. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I would like to take a moment to ap-plaud the great work that Chairman MURKOWSKI and Ranking Member C
ANTWELL are doing this week on the Energy bill to get this bill to the floor—the Energy Policy Moderniza-tion Act of 2016. They have been lead-ers and have shown their commitment to developing and advancing what is truly a bipartisan bill. This legislation is a result of nearly a year’s work on the Energy and Nat-ural Resources Committee, with four legislative hearings leading up to a July markup. There have been many hours put into the base text, and we had a strong bipartisan vote to report the bill out of committee 18 to 4. It is also nice to see Members over the past several days, and last week as well, having the opportunity to amend the bill on the floor—to make it even stronger through an open amendment process throughout this past week. The Energy Policy Modernization Act will mean more energy efficiency, more energy generation, and more jobs in the energy sector. Promoting energy efficiency and clean alternative power sources is something that has been a focus of my service, and I am pleased that I have had a chance in my role on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee to continue shaping Fed-eral energy policy in the U.S. Senate. We have before us this week an op-portunity to really advance our na-tional energy policy and to think about what our national energy policy means for this country—energy being a cor-nerstone of our economy and our secu-rity. It means more jobs, it means more growth, and perhaps even one of the most potent foreign policy tools this Nation has to offer our allies. I wish to take a little bit of time to highlight several provisions of the bill that I helped champion and sponsor to get included in the base of the text. Section 1006 would encourage the use of something called energy savings per-formance contracts and utility energy savings contracts in Federal buildings. It is a long name for something that probably doesn’t fit very well on a bumper sticker. But what energy sav-ings performance contracts and utility energy savings contracts do is some-thing very simple. They are tools that will allow innovative public and pri-vate partnerships to occur, that allow private companies to use private dol-lars to make energy efficient upgrades to Federal buildings. The private com-panies are then reimbursed for up-grades once the Federal buildings’ en-ergy costs are lower. So, in essence, we are taking private sector ingenuity and know-how and private sector invest-ments and putting them into Federal buildings to lower utility costs, to make sure we are doing a better job of heating or cooling or turning the lights on in our buildings, all through private sector know-how, with no cost to the taxpayer, resulting in taxpayer savings and, of course, thousands of private sector jobs. Last night we had an amendment that passed by voice vote which re-quires Federal agencies to implement energy savings projects at Federal fa-cilities. For the past several years, we have been carrying out mandatory Fed-eral energy audits that outline energy savings projects for Federal facilities that are aimed at reducing energy con-sumption and saving tax dollars, but Federal agencies were not required to implement these changes. So we were actually spending Federal dollars to find out how we can save Federal dol-lars. Yet we would put that report on a shelf where it could gather dust, and we actually didn’t implement the tax-payer savings that the reports sug-gested. We are not talking about just a little bit of savings; we are talking about billions upon billions of dollars of savings that we could put upon the Federal Government simply by making the billions of square feet of office space that the Federal Government has more energy efficient—all, again, by using private sector know-how and pri-vate sector ingenuity, with zero tax-payer dollars involved. This amend-ment that we added last night would make sure those requirements—those findings of energy savings—are actu-ally put into place. Instead of just gathering dust on the shelf, we are going to make them a reality. Section 3002 of the bill would reau-thorize a Department of Energy pro-gram for 10 additional years to provide funding to retrofit existing dams and river conduits with electricity-gener-ating technology. It is estimated by the Department of Energy that there is up to 12 gigawatts of untapped hydro-power development within the Nation’s existing dam infrastructure—12 gigawatts already there, untapped. Right now we estimate that only about 3 percent of the Nation’s 80,000 existing dams are used to generate clean hydro-electric power. If people are concerned about zero emissions and carbon emis-sions, hydropower is one of the great-est opportunities we have—hydro-electric generation—to produce clean energy, a renewable resource and emis-sion free. We have heard from the Colorado Small Hydro Association that there are new Colorado hydroelectric projects benefiting from this program that were originally authorized in the Energy Policy Act of 2005. These projects in-clude new small hydro projects near Ouray, Creede, Grand Lake, and Ridge-way, CO. Another measure I have been work-ing on over the past several years is section 2201, which expedites the ap-proval of liquefied natural gas export applications. I carried this measure in the House where we passed it with bi-partisan support, and now we are going to be able to pass it with bipartisan support in the U.S. Senate. When we think about the foreign pol-icy potential that expediting liquefied natural gas has for this country and the world, it is truly significant. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.059 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES482 February 2, 2016 
now can send to our allies in Eastern Europe and around the globe—nations that are currently dependent on energy from tyrannical governments or gov-ernments that would use their energy contracts and pricing to try to gouge their neighbors or to manipulate mar-kets for their own gain of an unscrupu-lous leader—it is a foreign policy tool that the United States can now provide to our allies abundant, affordable en-ergy. This bill will allow that liquefied natural gas permitting process to be expedited. Nations can’t wait to get their hands on U.S. energy. The De-partment of Energy has said that they can comply with the terms of this bill. It is a no-brainer. I also sponsored language in section 4101 of the bill to commission a study of the feasibility and the potential ben-efits that could be brought about by an energy-water Center Of Excellence within the Department of Energy’s na-tional laboratories. In Colorado we are home to the National Renewable En-ergy Laboratory. We are also home to some of the most incredible waterways our Nation has to offer. We are also home, of course, to the high plains areas of the Western Slope and the Eastern Plains that need more atten-tion when it comes to how we are going to develop our energy sources while also making sure we are protecting our water and making sure we are being good conservationists when it comes to our water. An energy-water Center Of Excellence would aid in efforts to es-tablish a comprehensive approach for managing energy and water resources in the future. In section 3017, I worked to clarify that oilseed crops are eligible to qual-ify for the same research provisions as biomass. Meeting future demand for energy and fuel will require a variety of sources, and science and research in-dicate that oilseed crops have the po-tential to play a significant role. The Central Great Plains Research Station in Akron, CO, is researching right now oilseed productivity under varying water availability. Meeting our energy needs in an increasingly drought-rid-den area will only become harder and harder. Without the necessary re-search, we may not have an appro-priate response, but with continued in-novation, we will have a great one. Oilseeds can hold the key to pro-viding safe, clean energy that is water efficient—a key for the increasingly drought-ridden West. One of the things we know we have to consider in agriculture, as farmers sometimes face challenging and some-times historic lows in commodity prices, is to make sure we are finding new ways and new value to the crops they can raise. The development of oil-seeds, development of dryland oilseed technologies is an incredible way for us to bring value-added opportunities to rural America. These are only a few of the provisions that I have worked to advance in this bill, and I wish to thank, again, Chair-man M URKOWSKI and so many of our colleagues for including these provi-sions so important to States like Colo-rado and the Presiding Officer’s State of Montana, and for what we have been able to do in this Energy bill. We are spending this time on energy because it is so important to this coun-try. Why is it important? Because it means jobs. It means an economic foundation. Abundant and affordable energy means the opportunity for a small business to open up. It means the ability of our neighbors to be able to afford to cool or heat their homes, to be able to turn on the light switch when they wake up in the morning and go home at night. Over the past year we have looked back at the work the Senate has done, and really the past year has been a very productive one in the Senate for the American people. We have focused on four things in the Senate—four cor-ners—something that I call my four corners plan: Working on education, passing a bipartisan education bill; areas such as our economy, and pro-viding tax relief to small businesses and people around the country; passing a bipartisan transportation bill to make sure we are getting goods to and from the market. We have worked on the environment by passing the Land and Water Conservation Fund. In fact, this bill will address the great program of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which has benefited all 50 States across the country with projects in every single one. This bill, the Energy Modernization Policy Act that we are working on today, will address the fourth corner of my four corner plan, and that is energy. We will hopefully produce hundreds of thousands of jobs around Colorado and the country, di-rectly or indirectly related to energy development and energy production, whether that is clean energy, renew-able energy, energy efficiency, tradi-tional energy, transmission of that en-ergy to and from consumers; whether it is produced in the sparsely populated southeastern areas of Colorado or the densely populated areas of Colorado’s front range and beyond. I hope our col-leagues will agree to support and pass this legislation so that it actually con-tinues American leadership when it comes to energy policy. So I thank the Presiding Officer for his leadership. I know in Montana this Energy bill is an important step for-ward because it represents an all-of- the-above energy policy. I want to thank the Presiding Officer for his leadership in Montana, and I also want to thank the chairman of the com-mittee, Senator M
URKOWSKI , for her leadership as well. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, we have been working hard this afternoon. I think we had a very productive day. We processed eight amendments, which was very good for the process we are in. I have appreciated Members’ coopera-tion with that. We have been working through the back-and-forth to come up with a pack-age of amendments that we can process by voice vote. It has been good. It has been a little lengthier than we had an-ticipated, but I think we are in a good place now and I am pleased with that. Again, tomorrow we will look to set up a series of additional votes. Members can expect that beginning probably in the afternoon, but we are also looking to adopt additional votes as we try to reach that unanimous consent agree-ment. AMENDMENTS NOS . 3064; 3065, AS MODIFIED ; 3179; 
3145; 3174; 3140, AS MODIFIED ; 3156; 3143; 3194, AS 
MODIFIED ; 3205; AND 3160 TO AMENDMENT NO . 
2953 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, at this point in time we are now ready to process some amendments by voice vote. I ask unanimous consent that the fol-lowing amendments be called up and reported by number: Hirono amend-ment No. 3064; Hirono amendment No. 3065, with modification; Klobuchar amendment No. 3179; Inhofe-Carper amendment No. 3145; Heitkamp amend-ment No. 3174; Collins-Klobuchar amendment No. 3140, with modifica-tion; Baldwin amendment No. 3156; Carper-Inhofe amendment No. 3143; Boxer-Feinstein amendment No. 3194, with modification; Inhofe-King amend-ment No. 3205; and Booker amendment No. 3160. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments by number. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Alaska [Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ], for others, proposes amendments numbered 3064; 3065, as modified; 3179; 3145; 3174; 3140, as modified; 3156; 3143; 3194, as modified; 3205; and 3160 en bloc to amend-ment No. 2953. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 3064 (Purpose: To modify a provision relating to the energy workforce pilot grant program) In section 3602(d)(1)(B), after ‘‘State’’ in-sert the following: ‘‘(as defined in 202 of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6802)) (referred to in this section as the ‘State’)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3065, AS MODIFIED  (Purpose: To modify a provision relating to the energy workforce pilot grant program) In section 3602(d), strike paragraph (3) and insert the following: (3) work with Indian tribes (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)), tribal organizations (as defined in sec-tion 3765 of title 38, United States Code), and Native American veterans (as defined in sec-tion 3765 of title 38, United States Code), in-cluding veterans who are a descendant of an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.060 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S483 February 2, 2016 
Alaska Native (as defined in Section 3(r) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (432 U.S.C. 1602(r).’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 3179 (Purpose: To modify the areas of focus under the grid storage program) On page 174, line 5, insert ‘‘, electric ther-mal, electromechanical,’’ after ‘‘materials’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3145 (Purpose: To provide that for purposes of the Federal purchase requirement, renewable energy includes thermal energy) At the end of title III, add the following: Subtitle I—Thermal Energy 
SEC. 3801. MODIFYING THE DEFINITION OF RE-NEWABLE ENERGY TO INCLUDE THERMAL ENERGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15852) (as amend-ed by section 3001(b)) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘a num-ber equivalent to’’ before ‘‘the total amount of electric energy’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED WASTE HEAT RESOURCE .—The term ‘qualified waste heat resource’ means— ‘‘(A) exhaust heat or flared gas from any industrial process; ‘‘(B) waste gas or industrial tail gas that would otherwise be flared, incinerated, or vented; ‘‘(C) a pressure drop in any gas for an in-dustrial or commercial process; or ‘‘(D) such other forms of waste heat as the Secretary determines appropriate.’’; and (C) in paragraph (3) (as redesignated by subparagraph (A))— (i) by striking ‘‘produced from’’ and insert-ing ‘‘produced or, if resulting from a thermal energy project placed in service after Decem-ber 31, 2014, thermal energy generated from, or avoided by,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘qualified waste heat re-source,’’ after ‘‘municipal solid waste,’’; and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (3) as subparagraphs (A) through (C), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (B) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) S
EPARATE CALCULATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of deter-mining compliance with the requirements of this section, any energy consumption that is avoided through the use of renewable energy shall be considered to be renewable energy produced. ‘‘(B) D
ENIAL OF DOUBLE BENEFIT .—Avoided energy consumption that is considered to be renewable energy produced under subpara-graph (A) shall not also be counted for pur-poses of achieving compliance with another Federal energy efficiency goal.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 2410q(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 203(b)(2) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15852(b)(2))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15852(b))’’. AMENDMENT NO . 3174 (Purpose: To affirm a Federal commitment to carbon capture utilization and storage research, development, and implementa-tion and to study the costs and benefits of contracting authority for price stabiliza-tion) On page 302, between lines 14 and 15, insert the following: 
SEC. 3401. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON CARBON CAPTURE, USE, AND STORAGE DE-VELOPMENT AND DEPLOYMENT. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) carbon capture, use, and storage deploy-ment is— (A) an important part of the clean energy future and smart research and development investments of the United States; and (B) critical— (i) to increasing the energy security of the United States; (ii) to reducing emissions; and (iii) to maintaining a diverse and reliable energy resource; (2) the fossil energy programs of the De-partment should continue to focus on re-search and development of technologies that will improve the capture, transportation, use (including for the production through bio-fixation of carbon-containing products), and injection processes essential for carbon cap-ture, use, and storage activities in the elec-trical and industrial sectors; (3) the Secretary should continue to part-ner with the private sector and explore ave-nues to bring down the cost of carbon cap-ture, including through loans, grants, and se-questration credits to help make carbon cap-ture, use, and storage technologies more competitive compared to other technologies that are a part of the clean energy future of the United States; and (4) the Secretary should continue working with international partners on pre-existing agreements, projects, and information shar-ing activities of the Secretary to develop the latest and most cutting-edge carbon capture, use, and storage technologies for the elec-trical and industrial sectors. On page 302, line 15, strike ‘‘ 3401’’ and in- sert ‘‘3402’’. On page 302, line 21, strike ‘‘ 3402’’ and in- sert ‘‘3403’’. On page 311, between lines 7 and 8, insert the following: 
SEC. 3404. REPORT ON PRICE STABILIZATION SUPPORT. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ELECTRIC GENERATION  U
NIT.—In this section, the term ‘‘electric generation unit’’ means an electric genera-tion unit that— (1) uses coal-based generation technology; and (2) is capable of capturing carbon dioxide emissions from the unit. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall prepare and submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report— (1) on the benefits and costs of entering into long-term binding contracts on behalf of the Federal Government with qualified par-ties to provide price stabilization support for certain industrial sources for capturing car-bon dioxide from electricity generated at an electric generation unit or carbon dioxide captured from an electric generation unit and sold to a purchaser for— (A) the recovery of crude oil; or (B) other purposes for which a commercial market exists; and (2) that— (A) contains an analysis of how the Depart-ment would establish, implement, and main-tain a contracting program described in paragraph (1); and (B) outlines options for how price stabiliza-tion contracts may be structured and regula-tions that would be necessary to implement a contracting program described in para-graph (1). AMENDMENT NO . 3140, AS MODIFIED  (Purpose: To require certain Federal agen-cies to establish consistent policies relat-ing to forest biomass energy to help ad-dress the energy needs of the United States) At the end of part IV of subtitle A of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 30ll. POLICIES RELATING TO BIOMASS EN-ERGY. 
To support the key role that forests in the United States can play in addressing the en-ergy needs of the United States, the Sec-retary, the Secretary of Agriculture, and the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency shall, consistent with their mis-sions, jointly— (1) ensure that Federal policy relating to forest bioenergy— (A) is consistent across all Federal depart-ments and agencies; and (B) recognizes the full benefits of the use of forest biomass for energy, conservation, and responsible forest management; and (2) establish clear and simple policies for the use of forest biomass as an energy solu-tion, including policies that— (A) reflect the carbon-neutrality of forest bioenergy and recognize biomass as a renew-able energy source, provided the use of forest biomass for energy production does not cause conversion of forests to non-forest use. (B) encourage private investment through-out the forest biomass supply chain, includ-ing in— (i) working forests; (ii) harvesting operations; (iii) forest improvement operations; (iv) forest bioenergy production; (v) wood products manufacturing; or (vi) paper manufacturing; (C) encourage forest management to im-prove forest health; and (D) recognize State initiatives to produce and use forest biomass. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3156 (Purpose: To strike a repeal under a provi-sion relating to manufacturing energy effi-ciency) Beginning on page 130, strike line 18 and all that follows through page 131, line 5. Beginning on page 419, line 26, strike ‘‘(as amended’’ and all that follows through ‘‘1201(d)(3))’’ on page 420, line 1. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3143 (Purpose: To reauthorize the diesel emissions reduction program) At the end of part III of subtitle D of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 131l. REAUTHORIZATION OF DIESEL EMIS-SIONS REDUCTION PROGRAM. 
Section 797(a) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16137(a)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3194, AS MODIFIED  (Purpose: To direct the Secretary of Energy to establish a task force to analyze and as-sess the Aliso Canyon natural gas leak) At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. ALISO CANYON NATURAL GAS LEAK TASK FORCE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\S02FE6.REC S02FE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES484 February 2, 2016 
(b) E STABLISHMENT OF TASK FORCE .—Not later than 15 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall lead and establish an Aliso Canyon Task Force (referred to in this section as the ‘‘task force’’). (c) M
EMBERSHIP OF TASKFORCE .—In addi- tion to the Secretary, the task force shall be composed of— (1) 1 representative from the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration; (2) 1 representative from the Department of Health and Human Services; (3) 1 representative from the Environ-mental Protection Agency; (4) 1 representative from the Department of the Interior; (5) 1 representative from the Department of Commerce; and (6) 1 representative from the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) F
INAL REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the task force shall submit a final report that contains the information described in sub-paragraph (B) to— (i) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; (ii) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; (iii) the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; (iv) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; (v) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (vi) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives; (vii) the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; (viii) the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives; (ix) the President; and (x) relevant Federal and State agencies. (B) I
NFORMATION INCLUDED .—The report submitted under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude, at a minimum— (i) an analysis and conclusion of the cause of the Aliso Canyon natural gas leak; (ii) an analysis of measures taken to stop the natural gas leak, with an immediate focus on other, more effective measures that could be taken; (iii) an assessment of the impact of the natural gas leak on health, safety, the envi-ronment, and the economy of the residents and property surrounding Aliso Canyon; (iv) an analysis of how Federal and State agencies responded to the natural gas leak; (v) in order to lessen the negative impacts of natural gas leaks, recommendations on how to improve— (I) the response to a future leak; and (II) coordination between all appropriate Federal, State, and local agencies in the re-sponse to the Aliso Canyon natural gas leak and future natural gas leaks; (vi) an analysis of the potential for a simi-lar natural gas leak to occur at other under-ground natural gas storage facilities in the United States; (vii) recommendations on how to prevent any future natural gas leaks; (viii) recommendations on whether to con-tinue operations at Aliso Canyon and other facilities in close proximity to residential populations based on an assessment of the risk of a future natural gas leak; (ix) a recommendation on information that is not currently collected but that would be in the public interest to collect and dis-tribute to agencies and institutions for the continued study and monitoring of natural gas infrastructure in the United States; (x) an analysis of the impact of the Aliso Canyon natural gas leak on wholesale and retail electricity prices; and (xi) an analysis of the impact of the Aliso Canyon natural gas leak on the reliability of the bulk-power system. (2) PUBLICATION .—The final report under paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public in an electronically accessible format. (3) If, before the final report is submitted under paragraph (1) the task force finds methods to solve the natural gas leak at Aliso Canyon; better protect the affected communities; or finds methods to help pre-vent other leaks, they must immediately issue such findings to the same entities that are to receive the final report. (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3205 (Purpose: To provide for the use of geomatic data in consideration of applications for Federal authorization) On page 196, between lines 7 and 8, insert the following: (d) G
EOMATIC DATA.—If a Federal or State department or agency considering an aspect of an application for Federal authorization requires the applicant to submit environ-mental data, the department or agency shall consider any such data gathered by geomatic techniques, including tools and techniques used in land surveying, remote sensing, car-tography, geographic information systems, global navigation satellite systems, photo-grammetry, geophysics, geography, or other remote means. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3160 (Purpose: To strike a provision relating to identifyng and characterizing methane hy-drate resources using remote sensing and seismic data in the Atlantic Ocean Basin) On page 263, line 5, strike ‘‘or the Atlantic Ocean Basin’’. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now vote on these amendments en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on these amendments. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the question occurs on agree-ing to the amendments en bloc. The amendments (Nos. 3064; 3065, as modified; 3179; 3145; 3174; 3140, as modi-fied; 3156; 3143; 3194, as modified; 3205; and 3160) were agreed to en bloc. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I appreciate again the cooperation and the working relationship with my ranking member, as well as her very strong and able team working with mine, as well as the floor staff who have been doing a great job. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, we just cleared several amendments in a bipartisan fashion, working back and forth across the aisle, and I so appre-ciate our colleagues working so dili-gently on these tonight. If we want to keep making progress, obviously we have to keep communicating, but I thank everybody involved with getting these amendments done. To my colleague from Alaska, thanks for her diligence in focusing on these issues. Hopefully we will resolve these issues tomorrow. The cloture motion has been filed, so we need to keep mov-ing forward so that we can resolve these issues by the end of this week. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. AMENDMENT NO . 3140, AS MODIFIED  
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I did want to mention on amendment No. 3140 that I want to thank everybody who worked on that particular amend-ment tonight. I know tomorrow we are going to have a colloquy continuing the dialogue among all our colleagues who care about these issues as they re-late to energy and biomass and making sure we are all continuing to work on this together. I want to point out that there will be a colloquy on that tomor-row. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Feb 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\S02FE6.REC S02FE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S485 February 2, 2016 
MONTAGNARDS OF VIETNAM Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I want to take a moment today to recognize the Montagnard community in my State of North Carolina and in other places across the Nation. I am proud to say that North Carolina is home to the largest population of Montagnards in the Unites States and home to the largest population of Montagnards out-side of Vietnam. Many Americans may not know about the history behind the United States’s special relationship with the Montagnards, which is a history that goes back to the days of the Vietnam war. The Montagnards are an indige-nous tribespeople of the central high-lands of Vietnam, and during the Viet-nam war, it was the Montagnards who were trained by the CIA and Special Operations Forces to fight alongside our troops against the North Viet-namese and Viet Cong. At their own great risk, the Montagnards provided critical intel-ligence support to our troops on the ground, no doubt saving countless American lives. After the war, the United States took in hundreds of Montagnards into our country as refu-gees because of the severe persecution they faced from the Vietnamese Gov-ernment for that very reason. While this indeed is a long overdue recogni-tion, I will be submitting later this week a Senate resolution recognizing their service and sacrifice. However, I believe our recognition of the Montagnards should not stop at what took place decades ago because even today, in 2016, the government of Vietnam continues to discriminate against them for the loyalty and as-sistance they provided to the United States some 40 years ago. The govern-ment of Vietnam continues to persist in its oppression of the Montagnards’ basic human rights: the freedom to practice their Christian faith freely without fear of persecution and the right to education, land ownership, and a decent standard of living. This kind of persecution is well documented in the latest human rights and religious freedom reports published by the State Department and the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom. The United States of America has an obligation to stand up for the thou-sands of suffering Montagnards in Viet-nam—some of whom were once our comrades-in-arms. I have heard from many Vietnam war veterans in my State who can tell you how much their military assistance and friendship had meant to them. We should not look the other way; we must continue pressing the Vietnamese Government to respect their fundamental human rights. With this Senate resolution, we send a loud and clear message to the Montagnard people: you are not forgotten. The United States can do better—we must do better—to support this marginalized tribespeople in Vietnam with whom we share a unique and his-toric bond. I would ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this resolution. Thank you. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING DONALD ‘‘BUDDY’’ WRAY ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the life and legacy of Arkansas businessman and former Tyson Foods executive Donald ‘‘Buddy’’ Wray. Buddy spent his life building Tyson Foods into one of the world’s leading food companies. He was equally com-mitted to serving northwest Arkansas and leaves behind a legacy as a re-spected community leader. Buddy started his career as a service technician in 1961, working as the liai-son for the many family-contracted farms ensuring the health of the flocks. He rose through the ranks of the com-pany. As a regular fixture at Tyson, his dedication led him to become the chief operation officer in 1992 and, a year later, the president of the company, a position he held until his retirement in 2000. His commitment and love for the company led him to serve as part-time consultant, but he returned to full- time service in 2008. Chairman John Tyson says Buddy was ‘‘instrumental in everything the company did for over 50 years.’’ Buddy was a strong voice for the Ar-kansas poultry industry, always keep-ing the needs of the farmer close to his heart. He was named the Distinguished Alumni of the Year in 2000 by the Uni-versity of Arkansas. In 2004, the univer-sity established the Donald ‘‘Buddy’’ Wray Chair in Food Safety within the Dale Bumpers College of Agriculture. His exemplary dedication to agri-culture was noted in 2012 when he was inducted into the Arkansas Agriculture Hall of Fame. In 2015, he was inducted into the Arkansas Business Hall of Fame. Buddy truly transformed agriculture and was an advocate for Arkansas. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife of 50 years, Linda; children Cindy, Scott, Jana; their eight grandchildren; and the rest of the Wray family. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING MARSH DOG ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, small businesses have the unique ability to tackle issues in their communities head on through thoughtful, innovative solutions. This week I am proud to rec-ognize Marsh Dog of Baton Rouge, LA, as being small business of the week for their commitment to preserving and protecting Louisiana’s vulnerable coastlines. In 1998, the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries placed a bounty on the nutria rat in an effort to curb the reproduction of the invasive spe-cies, which has wreaked environment havoc on Louisiana’s vulnerable coast-al habitats. In response to the bounty, businesses across the State began in-venting creative ways to recycle by-products of the rodent. During this time, Hansel Harlan, the future founder of Marsh Dog, became increasingly concerned with the ingre-dients he found in mass market dog food products. After reading about the many recalls and the harmful ingredi-ents circulating within the dog food in-dustry, Harlan began toying with the idea of creating custom treats for his canine companion. After a few trial runs and on the suggestion of his sister Veni, Hansel included nutria rat meat into his recipe, creating an all-natural, eco-conscious snack his dog imme-diately enjoyed. Harlan and Veni, with the blessing of their K–9 taste tester, began developing and marketing the innovative product. Today Marsh Dog enjoys great suc-cess and praise from their customers and environmental groups across the State. In addition to receiving a grant from the Barataria-Terrebonne Na-tional Estuary Program in 2011, which proved to be the endorsement that catapulted their success, Marsh Dog was also named Conservation Business of the Year by Louisiana Wildlife Fed-eration. Hansel and Veni embody what it means to be innovative entrepreneurs. They created a solution for two impactful problems in their commu-nity, while also growing a successful small business, is a remarkable feat that deserves celebration. Congratulations again to Marsh Dog of Baton Rouge, LA, this week’s small business of the week, and I look for-ward to having my rescue dog Ranger try your treats.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING PATTON’S WESTERN WEAR ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, often-times small businesses grow from the humblest of beginnings, providing live-lihoods for hard-working entrepreneurs and their families. In rare cases, these small businesses defy all odds, building successful establishments that inte-grate into their adopted communities, all while supporting local economies and traditions. This week I am proud to recognize Patton’s Western Wear of Ruston, LA, as small business of the week for their perseverance in building a solid and successful family-owned and operated retail group that has left its mark across the State of Louisiana. In 2007, Robert, Patrick, and Thomas Patton used their farming background and extensive experience in retail to open their own western store in Ruston, LA. Catering to the western and oilfield communities of north cen-tral Louisiana and southern Arkansas, the Patton brothers began building a reputation for providing a diverse se-lection of products and quality cus-tomer service. One year later, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.008 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES486 February 2, 2016 
brothers experienced such success that they expanded their small business and opened a second western-style store in Lake Charles, LA. In choosing Ruston and Lake Charles, which lie on oppo-site sides of Louisiana, the Patton brothers have since acquired a loyal clientele that includes everyone from cowboys to college students. Today the Patton brothers manage their small business by remaining true to their western roots. They are active in the rodeo community, supporting over 100 individual rodeos each year, and have also sponsored a bull rider in the National Finals Rodeo in Las Vegas, NV, for 4 years in a row. Recog-nized as a Best of the Delta business, the group now operates four locations throughout Louisiana, having most re-cently opened the doors to their newest location in Shreveport in June 2015. The Patton brothers continue to show entrepreneurs across the country that it is possible to turn a passion into a business—even from the hum-blest of means. Through dedicated service to their community, excep-tional commitment to customer serv-ice, and an excellent retail strategy, the Patton brothers have made their mark across Louisiana and into Arkan-sas and Texas. Congratulations again to Patton’s Western Wear for being selected as small business of the week, and I look forward to your continued growth and success.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message from the President of the United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA’S FISCAL YEAR (FY) 2016 BUDGET AND FI-NANCIAL PLAN—PM 39 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to my constitutional au-thority and as contemplated by section 446 of the District of Columbia Self- Government and Governmental Reor-ganization Act as amended in 1989, I am transmitting the District of Colum-bia’s fiscal year (FY) 2016 Budget and Financial Plan. This transmittal does not represent an endorsement of the contents of the D.C. government’s re-quests. The proposed FY 2016 Budget and Fi-nancial Plan reflects the major pro-grammatic objectives of the Mayor and the Council of the District of Colum-bia. For FY 2016, the District estimates total revenues and expenditures of $13.0 billion. BARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 2, 2016. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 12:13 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 2152. An act to establish a comprehen-sive United States Government policy to en-courage the efforts of countries in sub-Saha-ran Africa to develop an appropriate mix of power solutions, including renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity ac-cess in order to support poverty reduction, promote development outcomes, and drive economic growth, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 400. An act to require the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment to submit reports on definitions of placement and recruitment fees for purposes of enabling compliance with the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, and for other purposes. H.R. 2187. An act to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise its regu-lations regarding the qualifications of nat-ural persons as accredited investors. H.R. 2209. An act to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal obligations as level 2A liquid as-sets, and for other purposes. H.R. 3784. An act to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to establish an Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital For-mation and a Small Business Capital Forma-tion Advisory Committee, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 4168. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to re-quire an annual review by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the annual govern-ment-business forum on capital formation that is held pursuant to such Act. 
The message further announced that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 515) to pro-tect children and others from sexual abuse and exploitation, including sex trafficking and sex tourism, by pro-viding advance notice of intended trav-el by registered sex offenders outside the United States to the government of the country of destination, requesting foreign governments to notify the United States when a known sex of-fender is seeking to enter the United States, and for other purposes, and agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the title of the bill. The message also announced that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 4188) to author-ize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: H.R. 400. An act to require the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment to submit reports on definitions of placement and recruitment fees for purposes of enabling compliance with the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. H.R. 2187. An act to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise its regu-lations regarding the qualifications of nat-ural persons as accredited investors; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 2209. An act to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal obligations as level 2A liquid as-sets, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. H.R. 3784. An act to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to establish an Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital For-mation and a Small Business Capital Forma-tion Advisory Committee, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
H.R. 4168. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to re-quire an annual review by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the annual govern-ment-business forum on capital formation that is held pursuant to such Act. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: H.R. 757. A bill to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes. H.R. 1493. A bill to protect and preserve international cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters, and for other pur-poses. S. 1882. A bill to support the sustainable re-covery and rebuilding of Nepal following the recent, devastating earthquakes near Kathmandu. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment: S. 2426. A bill to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain ob-server status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization, and for other purposes. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mr. M ORAN , Mrs. M CCASKILL , and Mr. K
ING): S. 2478. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to provide for the purchase of paper United States savings bonds with tax re-funds; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. C
OATS ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02FE6.028 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S487 February 2, 2016 
S. 2479. A bill to amend Public Health Service Act to expand access to prescription drug monitoring programs; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. BALDWIN: S. 2480. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to protect unpaid interns in the Federal Government from workplace harass-ment and discrimination, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. NELSON: S. 2481. A bill to amend the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2000 to provide for expedited project implementation relat-ing to the comprehensive Everglades restora-tion plan; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 2482. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to require the Secretary of De-fense to provide training to employment per-sonnel of the Department of Defense on mat-ters relating to authorities for recruitment and retention of employees at the United States Cyber Command, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. W ARNER , and Mr. H EIN-
RICH): S. 2483. A bill to prohibit States from car-rying out more than one Congressional redis-tricting after a decennial census and appor-tionment, to require States to conduct such redistricting through independent commis-sions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. T
HUNE , and Mr. W ARNER ): S. 2484. A bill to amend titles XVIII and XI of the Social Security Act to promote cost savings and quality care under the Medicare program through the use of telehealth and remote patient monitoring services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S. Res. 353. A resolution raising awareness and encouraging the prevention of stalking by designating January 2016, as ‘‘National Stalking Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. S
ASSE): S. Res. 354. A resolution congratulating the University of Nebraska-Lincoln volleyball team for winning the 2015 National Colle-giate Athletic Association Division I Volleyball Championship; considered and agreed to. By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. T ESTER , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. T HUNE , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. L
ANKFORD ): S. Res. 355. A resolution designating the week beginning February 7, 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Tribal Colleges and Universities Week’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. CAPITO , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C OR-
NYN, and Mr. W YDEN ): S. Res. 356. A resolution recognizing Janu-ary 2016 as National Mentoring Month; con-sidered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 50 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 50, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to prohibit certain abortion-related discrimination in governmental activities. 
S. 391 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 391, a bill to preserve and protect the free choice of individual employees to form, join, or assist labor organiza-tions, or to refrain from such activi-ties. 
S. 1315 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) were added as cosponsors of S. 1315, a bill to protect the right of law-abiding citizens to transport knives interstate, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibi-tions. 
S. 1409 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1409, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require States to suspend, rather than termi-nate, an individual’s eligibility for medical assistance under the State Medicaid plan while such individual is an inmate of a public institution. 
S. 1460 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1460, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend the Yel-low Ribbon G.I. Education Enhance-ment Program to cover recipients of the Marine Gunnery Sergeant John David Fry scholarship, and for other purposes. 
S. 1717 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1717, a bill to amend title 46, United States Code, to exempt old ves-sels that only operate within inland waterways from the fire-retardant ma-terials requirement if the owners of such vessels make annual structural alterations to at least 10 percent of the areas of the vessels that are not con-structed of fire-retardant materials. 
S. 1887 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1887, a bill to protect and preserve international cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed con-flict, or natural or other disasters, and for other purposes. S. 1944 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1944, a bill to require each agency to repeal or amend 1 or more rules before issuing or amending a rule. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1982, a bill to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance. 
S. 2386 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2386, a bill to authorize the establishment of the Stonewall Na-tional Historic Site in the State of New York as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes. 
S. 2423 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from Or-egon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2423, a bill making appropriations to address the heroin and opioid drug abuse epi-demic for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
S. 2426 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2426, a bill to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2437 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. B
OXER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2437, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial of the cremated remains of persons who served as Women’s Air Forces Service Pilots in Arlington Na-tional Cemetery, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2444 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2444, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the disposi-tion, within 60 days, of an application to exempt a projectile from classifica-tion as armor piercing ammunition. 
S. 2451 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2451, a bill to designate the area be-tween the intersections of Inter-national Drive, Northwest and Van 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.011 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES488 February 2, 2016 
Ness Street, Northwest and Inter-national Drive, Northwest and Inter-national Place, Northwest in Wash-ington, District of Columbia, as ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 2466 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2466, a bill to amend the Safe Water Drinking Act to authorize the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency to notify the public if a State agency and public water system are not taking action to address a pub-lic health risk associated with drinking water requirements. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2996 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 2996 pro-posed to S. 2012, an original bill to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3023 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3023 proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3039 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3039 intended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3089 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3089 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3095 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Illi-nois (Mr. K
IRK) and the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3095 proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3107 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 3107 intended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other pur-poses. AMENDMENT NO . 3112 
At the request of Mr. K ING, his name was added as a cosponsor of amend-ment No. 3112 intended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3145 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3145 proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3157 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 3157 intended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3160 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3160 pro-posed to S. 2012, an original bill to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3166 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3166 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3168 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3168 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3170 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3170 intended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3171 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 3171 intended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3173 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. DONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3173 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2012, an original bill to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3174 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ), the Senator from Indi-ana (Mr. C
OATS ), the Senator from Wy-oming (Mr. E
NZI) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3174 pro-posed to S. 2012, an original bill to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3183 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3183 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 353—RAISING AWARENESS AND ENCOURAGING THE PREVENTION OF STALKING BY DESIGNATING JANUARY 2016, AS ‘‘NATIONAL STALKING AWARENESS MONTH’’ Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 353 Whereas 15 percent of women in the United States, at some point during their lifetimes, have experienced stalking victimization, during which the women felt very fearful or believed that they or someone close to them would be harmed or killed; Whereas, during a 1-year period, an esti-mated 7,500,000 individuals in the United States reported that they had been victims of stalking, and 75 percent of those individ-uals reported that they had been stalked by someone they knew; Whereas 11 percent of victims of stalking reported having been stalked for more than 5 years; Whereas two-thirds of stalkers pursue their victims at least once a week; Whereas victims of stalking are forced to take drastic measures to protect themselves, including changing their identities, relo-cating, changing jobs, or obtaining protec-tion orders; Whereas the prevalence of anxiety, insom-nia, social dysfunction, and severe depres-sion is much higher among victims of stalk-ing than the general population; Whereas many victims of stalking do not report stalking to the police or contact a victim service provider, shelter, or hotline; Whereas stalking is a crime under Federal law and the laws of all 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the territories of the United States; Whereas stalking affects victims of every race, age, culture, gender, sexual orienta-tion, physical and mental ability, and eco-nomic status; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.013 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S489 February 2, 2016 
Whereas national organizations, local vic-tim service organizations, campuses, pros-ecutor’s offices, and police departments stand ready to assist victims of stalking and are working diligently to develop effective and innovative responses to stalking; Whereas there is a need to improve the re-sponse of the criminal justice system to stalking through more aggressive investiga-tion and prosecution; Whereas there is a need for an increase in the availability of victim services across the United States, and the services must include programs tailored to meet the needs of vic-tims of stalking; Whereas individuals 18 to 24 years old expe-rience the highest rates of stalking victim-ization, and rates of stalking among college students exceed rates of stalking among the general population; Whereas up to 75 percent of women in col-lege who experience behavior relating to stalking experience other forms of victimiza-tion, including sexual or physical victimiza-tion; Whereas there is a need for an effective re-sponse to stalking on each campus; and Whereas the Senate finds that ‘‘National Stalking Awareness Month’’ provides an op-portunity to educate the people of the United States about stalking: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates January 2016, as ‘‘National Stalking Awareness Month’’; (2) applauds the efforts of service providers for victims of stalking, police, prosecutors, national and community organizations, cam-puses, and private sector supporters to pro-mote awareness of stalking; (3) encourages policymakers, criminal jus-tice officials, victim service and human serv-ice agencies, institutions of higher edu-cation, and nonprofit organizations to in-crease awareness of stalking and the avail-ability of services for victims of stalking; and (4) urges national and community organi-zations, businesses in the private sector, and the media to promote awareness of the crime of stalking through ‘‘National Stalking Awareness Month’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 354—CON-GRATULATING THE UNIVERSITY OF NEBRASKA-LINCOLN VOLLEYBALL TEAM FOR WIN-NING THE 2015 NATIONAL COLLE-GIATE ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION DIVISION I VOLLEYBALL CHAM-PIONSHIP Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 354 Whereas, on December 19, 2015, the Univer-sity of Nebraska-Lincoln Cornhuskers won the 2015 National Collegiate Athletic Asso-ciation (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NCAA’’) Division I Volleyball Champion-ship in Omaha, Nebraska in an overwhelming victory over the University of Texas Longhorns by a score of 25 to 23, 25 to 23, and 25 to 21; Whereas the University of Nebraska-Lin-coln has won 4 NCAA volleyball Champion-ships; Whereas the Cornhuskers ended their championship season with a 16-match win-ning streak and finished the year with a record of 32 wins and 4 losses; Whereas all members of the University of Nebraska-Lincoln volleyball team, including Annika Albrecht, Olivia Boender, Kelsey Fien, Mikaela Foecke, Meghan Haggerty, Cecilia Hall, Briana Holman, Kelly Hunter, Kenzie Maloney, Alicia Ostrander, Tiani Reeves, Amber Rolfzen, Kadie Rolfzen, Brooke Smith, Sydney Townsend, and Jus-tine Wong-Orantes, contributed to this out-standing victory; Whereas head coach John Cook, assistant coach Chris Tamas, assistant coach Dani Busboom Kelly, volunteer assistant coach Jen Tamas, director of operations Lindsay Peterson, video coordinator Natalie Morgan, and graduate managers Dan Mader, Mike Owen, and Peter Netisingha guided this out-standing group of women to a national championship; Whereas Mikaela Foecke was named the Most Outstanding Player of the 2015 NCAA Championship; Whereas Justine Wong-Orantes was named the Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year, be-coming the first Nebraska player ever to earn that award; Whereas Kadie Rolfzen, Amber Rolfzen, and Justine Wong-Orantes were recognized as All-Americans by the American Volleyball Coaches Association, and Mikaela Foecke and Kelly Hunter received honorable mention; and Whereas an NCAA record-breaking crowd of 17,561 volleyball fans attended the cham-pionship game, reflecting the tremendous spirit and dedication of Nebraska fans sup-porting the Cornhuskers as the team won the national championship: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the University of Ne-braska-Lincoln volleyball team as the win-ner of the 2015 National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Volleyball Champion-ship; (2) commends the University of Nebraska players, coaches, and staff for their hard work and dedication; (3) recognizes the students, alumni, and loyal fans that supported the Cornhuskers on their journey to win another Division I Championship; and (4) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate prepare an official copy of this resolution for presentation to— (A) the president of University of Ne-braska; (B) the athletic director of the University of Nebraska-Lincoln; and (C) the head coach of the University of Ne-braska-Lincoln volleyball team. f SENATE RESOLUTION 355—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK BEGINNING FEBRUARY 7, 2016, AS ‘‘NATIONAL TRIBAL COLLEGES AND UNIVER-SITIES WEEK’’ Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. B
AR-
RASSO , Mr. T ESTER , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. M ORAN , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. T HUNE , Ms. C ANTWELL , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. P
ETERS , and Mr. L ANKFORD ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 355 Whereas there are 37 Tribal Colleges and Universities operating on more than 85 cam-puses in 16 States; Whereas Tribal Colleges and Universities are tribally chartered or federally chartered institutions of higher education, which cre-ates a unique relationship between Tribal Colleges and Universities and the Federal Government; Whereas Tribal Colleges and Universities serve students from more than 250 federally recognized Indian tribes; Whereas Tribal Colleges and Universities offer students access to knowledge and skills grounded in cultural traditions and values, including indigenous languages, which— (1) enhances Indian communities; and (2) enriches the United States as a nation; Whereas Tribal Colleges and Universities provide access to high-quality postsecondary educational opportunities for— (1) American Indians; (2) Alaska Natives; and (3) other individuals that live in some of the most isolated and economically de-pressed areas in the United States; Whereas Tribal Colleges and Universities are accredited institutions of higher edu-cation that effectively prepare students to succeed in— (1) the academic pursuits of the students; and (2) the global and highly competitive work-force; Whereas Tribal Colleges and Universities have open enrollment policies, and approxi-mately 24 percent of the students at Tribal Colleges and Universities are non-Indian in-dividuals; and Whereas the collective mission and the considerable achievements of Tribal Colleges and Universities deserve national recogni-tion: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week beginning February 7, 2016, as ‘‘National Tribal Colleges and Uni-versities Week’’; and (2) calls on the people of the United States and interested groups to observe National Tribal Colleges and Universities Week with appropriate ceremonies, activities, and pro-grams to demonstrate support for Tribal Col-leges and Universities. f SENATE RESOLUTION 356—RECOG-NIZING JANUARY 2016 AS NA-TIONAL MENTORING MONTH Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 356 Whereas, in 2002, the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health and MENTOR: the National Mentoring Partnership established National Mentoring Month; Whereas the goals of National Mentoring Month are— (1) to raise awareness of mentoring; (2) to recruit individuals to mentor; and (3) to encourage organizations to engage and integrate quality in mentoring into the efforts of the organizations; Whereas young people across the United States make everyday choices that lead up to the big decisions in life without the guid-ance and support on which many other peo-ple rely; Whereas a mentor is a caring, consistent presence who devotes time to a young person to help that young person— (1) discover personal strength; and (2) achieve the potential of that young per-son through a structured and trusting rela-tionship; Whereas quality mentoring— (1) encourages positive choices; (2) promotes self-esteem; (3) supports academic achievement; and (4) introduces young people to new ideas; Whereas mentoring programs have shown to be effective in combating school violence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.022 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES490 February 2, 2016 
and discipline problems, substance abuse, in-carceration, and truancy; Whereas research shows that young people who were at risk for not completing high school but who had a mentor were, as com-pared to similarly situated young people without a mentor— (1) 55 percent more likely to be enrolled in college; (2) 81 percent more likely to report partici-pating regularly in sports or extracurricular activities; (3) more than twice as likely to say they held a leadership position in a club or sports team; and (4) 78 percent more likely to pay it forward by volunteering regularly in their commu-nities; Whereas 90 percent of young people who were at risk for not completing high school but who had a mentor said they are now in-terested in becoming mentors themselves; Whereas youth development experts agree that mentoring encourages smart daily be-haviors (such as finishing homework, having healthy social interactions, and saying no when it counts) that have a noticeable influ-ence on the growth and success of a young person; Whereas mentors help young people set ca-reer goals and use the personal contacts of the mentors to help young people meet in-dustry professionals and find jobs; Whereas all of the described benefits of mentors serve to link youth to economic and social opportunity while also strengthening the fiber of communities in the United States; and Whereas despite the described benefits, 9,000,000 young people in the United States feel isolated from meaningful connections with adults outside their homes, consti-tuting a ‘‘mentoring gap’’ that demonstrates a need for collaboration and resources: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes January 2016 as National Mentoring Month; (2) recognizes the men and women who serve as staff and volunteers at quality men-toring programs and who help the young peo-ple of the United States find inner strength and reach their full potential; (3) acknowledges that mentoring is bene-ficial because mentoring encourages edu-cational achievement, reduces juvenile delin-quency, improves life outcomes, and strengthens communities; (4) promotes the establishment and expan-sion of quality mentoring programs across the United States to equip young people with the tools needed to lead healthy and produc-tive lives; and (5) supports initiatives to close the ‘‘men-toring gap’’ that exists for the many young people in the United States without mean-ingful connections with adults outside their homes. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3184. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the energy pol-icy of the United States, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3185. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3186. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. E
RNST , and Mr. M ORAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. MURKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3187. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3188. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3189. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3190. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3191. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. S
CHATZ , and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3192. Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. K AINE, Mr. S COTT, Mr. V IT-
TER, Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. W ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3193. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3194. Mrs. BOXER (for herself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra. SA 3195. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3196. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3197. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3198. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. K
IRK) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3199. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3200. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. S CHATZ , and Mr. S ANDERS ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3201. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3202. Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Mr. COONS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3203. Mr. COONS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3204. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3205. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra. SA 3206. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3207. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3208. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3209. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3210. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3211. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3212. Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. B
ENNET , and Mr. R ISCH) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3213. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3214. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3215. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3216. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. V
IT-
TER, and Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3217. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3218. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. B
OOZMAN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C ARPER , and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3219. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.027 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S491 February 2, 2016 
bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3220. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3221. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3222. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3223. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3224. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3225. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3226. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3227. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3228. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3229. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3230. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3231. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. R
EED) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3184. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: TITLE ll—COAL REFUSE POWER PLANTS 
SEC. l01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment Act’’ or the ‘‘SENSE Act’’. 
SEC. l02. STANDARDS FOR COAL REFUSE POWER PLANTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this title: (1) ADMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. (2) B
OILER OPERATING DAY .—The term ‘‘boiler operating day’’ has the meaning given the term in section 63.10042 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation). (3) C
OAL REFUSE .—The term ‘‘coal refuse’’ means any byproduct of coal mining, phys-ical coal cleaning, or coal preparation oper-ation that contains coal, matrix material, clay, and other organic and inorganic mate-rial. (4) C
OAL REFUSE ELECTRIC UTILITY STEAM  
GENERATING UNIT .—The term ‘‘coal refuse electric utility steam generating unit’’ means an electric utility steam generating unit that— (A) is in operation as of the date of enact-ment of this Act; (B) uses fluidized bed combustion tech-nology to convert coal refuse into energy; and (C) uses coal refuse as at least 75 percent of the annual fuel consumed, by heat input, of the unit. (5) C
OAL REFUSE -FIRED FACILITY .—The term ‘‘coal refuse-fired facility’’ means a facility in which the coal refuse electric utility steam generating units are— (A) located on 1 or more contiguous or ad-jacent properties; (B) specified in the same Major Group (2- digit code), as described in the Standard In-dustrial Classification Manual (1987); and (C) under common control of the same per-son (or persons under common control). (6) C
ROSS-STATE AIR POLLUTION RULE .—The terms ‘‘Cross-State Air Pollution Rule’’ and ‘‘CSAPR’’ mean the regulatory program pro-mulgated by the Administrator to address the interstate transport of air pollution in parts 51, 52, and 97 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). (7) E
LECTRIC UTILITY STEAM GENERATING  
UNIT.—The term ‘‘electric utility steam gen-erating unit’’ means— (A) an electric utility steam generating unit, as the term is defined in section 63.10042 of title 40, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or a successor regulation); or (B) an electricity generating unit or elec-tric generating unit, as the terms are used in CSAPR. (8) P
HASE I .—The term ‘‘Phase I’’ means, with respect to CSAPR, the initial compli-ance period under CSAPR, identified for the 2015 and 2016 annual compliance periods. (b) A
PPLICATION OF CSAPR TOCERTAIN  C
OALREFUSE ELECTRIC UTILITY STEAM GEN-
ERATING UNITS.— (1) C
OAL REFUSE ELECTRIC UTILITY STEAM  
GENERATING UNITS COMBUSTING BITUMINOUS  
COAL REFUSE .— (A) A
PPLICABILITY .—This paragraph applies to any coal refuse electric utility steam gen-erating unit that— (i) combusts coal refuse derived from the mining and processing of bituminous coal; and (ii) is subject to sulfur dioxide allowance surrender provisions pursuant to CSAPR. (B) C
ONTINUED APPLICABILITY OF PHASE I  
ALLOWANCE ALLOCATIONS .—In carrying out CSAPR, the Administrator shall provide that, for any compliance period, the alloca-tion (whether through a Federal implemen-tation plan or State implementation plan) of sulfur dioxide allowances for a coal refuse electric utility steam generating unit de-scribed in subparagraph (A) is equivalent to the allocation of the unit-specific sulfur di-oxide allowance allocation identified for that unit for Phase I, as referenced in the notice entitled ‘‘Availability of Data on Allocations of Cross-State Air Pollution Rule Allowances to Existing Electricity Generating Units’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 71674 (December 3, 2014)). (C) RULES FOR ALLOWANCE ALLOCATIONS .— For any compliance period under CSAPR that commences on or after January 1, 2017, any sulfur dioxide allowance allocation pro-vided by the Administrator to a coal refuse electric utility steam generating unit de-scribed in subparagraph (A)— (i) shall not be transferable for use by any other source not located at the same coal refuse-fired facility as the relevant coal refuse electric utility steam generating unit; (ii) may be transferable for use by another source located at the same coal refuse-fired facility as the relevant coal refuse electric utility steam generating unit; (iii) may be banked for application to com-pliance obligations in future compliance pe-riods under CSAPR; and (iv) shall be surrendered on the date on which the operation of the coal refuse elec-tric utility steam generating unit perma-nently ceases. (2) O
THER SOURCES .— (A) N
O INCREASE IN OVERALL STATE BUDGET  
OF SULFUR DIOXIDE ALLOWANCE ALLOCA -
TIONS .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the Administrator may not, for any compliance period under CSAPR, increase the total budget of sulfur dioxide allowance alloca-tions for a State in which a unit described in paragraph (1)(A) is located. (B) C
OMPLIANCE PERIODS 2017 THROUGH 2020 .— For any compliance period under CSAPR that commences on or after January 1, 2017, but before December 31, 2020, the Adminis-trator shall carry out subparagraph (A) by proportionally reducing, as necessary, the unit-specific sulfur dioxide allowance alloca-tions from each source that— (i) is located in a State in which a unit de-scribed in paragraph (1)(A) is located; (ii) permanently ceases operation, or con-verts the primary fuel source from coal to natural gas, before the relevant compliance period; and (iii) otherwise receives an allocation of sul-fur dioxide allowances under CSAPR for the relevant compliance period. (c) E
MISSION LIMITATIONS TO ADDRESS HY-
DROGEN CHLORIDE AND SULFUR DIOXIDE AS  H
AZARDOUS AIRPOLLUTANTS .— (1) A
PPLICABILITY .—For purposes of regu-lating emissions of hydrogen chloride or sul-fur dioxide from a coal refuse electric utility steam generating unit under section 112 of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7412), the Ad-ministrator— (A) shall authorize the operator of the coal refuse electric utility steam generating unit to elect that the coal refuse electric utility steam generating unit comply with either— (i) an emissions standard for emissions of hydrogen chloride that meets the require-ments of paragraph (2); or (ii) an emission standard for emissions of sulfur dioxide that meets the requirements of paragraph (2); and (B) may not require that the coal refuse electric utility steam generating unit com-ply with both an emission standard for emis-sions of hydrogen chloride and an emission standard for emissions of sulfur dioxide. (2) R
ULES FOR EMISSION LIMITATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall require an operator of a coal refuse electric utility steam generating unit to comply, at the election of the operator, with not more than 1 of the following emission standards: (i) An emission standard for emissions of hydrogen chloride from a coal refuse electric utility steam generating unit that is not more stringent than an emission rate of 0.002 pounds per million British thermal units of heat input. (ii) An emission standard for emissions of hydrogen chloride from a coal refuse electric 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.029 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES492 February 2, 2016 
utility steam generating unit that is not more stringent than an emission rate of 0.02 pounds per megawatt-hour. (iii) An emission standard for emissions of sulfur dioxide from a coal refuse electric utility steam generating unit that is not more stringent than an emission rate of 0.20 pounds per million British thermal units of heat input. (iv) An emission standard for emissions of sulfur dioxide from a coal refuse electric utility steam generating unit that is not more stringent than an emission rate of 1.5 pounds per megawatt-hour. (v) An emission standard for emissions of sulfur dioxide from a coal refuse electric utility steam generating unit that is not more stringent than capture and control of 93 percent of sulfur dioxide across the coal refuse electric utility steam generating unit or group of coal refuse electric utility steam generating units, as determined by com-paring— (I) the expected sulfur dioxide generated from combustion of fuels emissions cal-culated based on as-fired fuel samples; to (II) the actual sulfur dioxide emissions as measured by a sulfur dioxide continuous emission monitoring system. (B) M
EASUREMENT .—An emission standard described in subparagraph (A) shall be meas-ured as a 30-boiler operating day rolling av-erage per coal refuse electric utility steam generating unit or group of coal refuse elec-tric utility steam generating units located at a single coal refuse-fired facility. 
SA 3185. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: TITLE ll—MINERAL ECONOMIC COMMITTEE 
SEC. ll01. MINERAL ECONOMIC COMMITTEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In accordance with this section, the Secretary of the Interior (re-ferred to in this title as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall establish a Mineral Economic Com-mittee (referred to in this title as the ‘‘Com-mittee’’) in order to further a more consult-ative process with key Federal, State, tribal, environmental, and energy stakeholders. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Com-mittee shall be to provide advice and guid-ance, through the Director of the Office of Natural Resource Revenue, to the Secretary and the Director of the Bureau of Land Man-agement on the management of Federal and Indian mineral leases and revenues under the law governing the Department of the Inte-rior. (c) A
CTIVITIES .—The Committee shall— (1) review and comment on revenue man-agement and other mineral- and energy-re-lated policies; and (2) provide a forum to convey the views of mineral lessees, operators, revenue payers, revenue recipients, governmental agencies, and public interest groups. (d) C
HARTER .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall form the Committee in accord-ance with— (1) the lapsed charter of the Royalty Policy Committee that was signed by the Secretary on March 26, 2010; and (2) this section. (e) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To ensure fair and bal-anced representation with consideration for the efficiency and fiscal economy of the Committee, the Committee shall include— (A) non-Federal members; and (B) Federal members. (2) NON-FEDERAL MEMBERS .— (A) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Secretary shall ap-point to the Committee non-Federal mem-bers in accordance with subparagraph (B) and an alternate for each non-Federal mem-ber. (B) C
OMPOSITION .—The non-Federal mem-bers of the Committee shall be composed of the following: (i) Not fewer than 5 Governors (or des-ignees) of States that receive over $10,000,000 annually in royalty revenues from Federal mineral leases. (ii) Not fewer than 5 representatives of In-dian tribes producing Federal oil, gas, or coal on the land of the Indian tribes. (iii) Not more than 5 representatives of various mineral or energy interests. (iv) Not more than 3 representatives of public interest groups or nongovernmental organizations. (C) T
ERM.— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Non-Federal members and the alternate for each non-Federal member shall serve on the Committee for staggered terms. (ii) D
URATION .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), each non-Federal member and the alternate for each non-Federal member shall serve on the Committee for not more than 3 years in duration. (II) E
XTENSION OF TERM .—Notwithstanding subclause (I), in the case of any new or re-appointed non-Federal member of the Com-mittee with a term that expires in the same calendar year as the terms of more than 
1⁄3of the other non-Federal members, the term of that new or reappointed non-Federal member may be extended for an additional 1-year or 2-year term. (III) T
ERM LIMIT .— (aa) I
N GENERAL .—A non-Federal member shall not serve on the Committee for more than 6 consecutive calendar years. (bb) B
REAK IN SERVICE .—A non-Federal member subject to the term limit described in item (aa) shall be eligible for reappoint-ment not earlier than 2 years after the date on which that non-Federal member discon-tinued service on the Committee. (D) R
EVOCATION OF APPOINTMENT .—The Sec- retary may revoke the appointment of any non-Federal member or any alternate if the appointed non-Federal member or alternate fails to attend 2 consecutive Committee meetings. (3) F
EDERAL MEMBERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal members of the Committee shall be nonvoting, ex-officio members of the Committee. (B) C
OMPOSITION .—The Federal members of the Committee shall be composed of— (i) the Assistant Secretary of Indian Af-fairs (or a designee); (ii) the Director of the Bureau of Land Management (or a designee); (iii) the Director of the Office of Natural Resources Revenue (or a designee); (iv) the Chairperson and Ranking Member of the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate (or designees); and (v) the Chairperson and Ranking Member of the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives (or designees). (f) M
EETINGS .—The Committee shall meet— (1) not less than once each calendar year; and (2) to consider any pending or proposed regulation related to— (A) the management of Federal and Indian mineral leases and revenues; and (B) any other mineral- or energy-related policy. (g) S
TATE AND TRIBAL RESOURCES BOARD .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Committee shall es-tablish a subcommittee, to be known as the ‘‘State and Tribal Resources Board’’, com-prised of the members described in clauses (i) and (ii) of subsection (e)(2)(B). (2) D
URATION .—The State and Tribal Re-sources Board established under paragraph (1) shall terminate on the date that is 10 years after the date on which the Committee is established under this section. (h) T
ERMINATION OF COMMITTEE .—The Com- mittee shall terminate not later than 10 years after the date on which the Committee is established under this section. (i) F
UNDING .—Funding made available to carry out this section shall be available only to the extent and in the amount provided in advance in appropriations Acts. 
SEC. ll02. PROPOSED REGULATIONS AND POLI-CIES. 
(a) C ONSULTATION AND REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the issuance of any pro-posed regulation or policy related to mineral leasing policy on Federal land (including valuation methodologies and royalty and lease rates for oil, gas, or coal), including any proposed regulation that is pending as of the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mittee shall— (1) assess the proposed regulation or pol-icy; and (2) issue a report that describes the poten-tial impact, including any State and tribal impact described in subsection (b), of the proposed regulation or policy. (b) S
TATE AND TRIBAL IMPACT CERTIFI -
CATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Before the date on which any regulation related to mineral leasing policy on Federal land (including valuation methodologies and royalty and lease rates for oil, gas, or coal) is finalized, the State and Tribal Resources Board shall certify the impact of the new regulation on school fund-ing, public safety, and other essential State or tribal government services. (2) D
ELAY REQUEST .—If the State and Trib-al Resources Board determines that a regula-tion described in paragraph (1) will have a negative State or tribal budgetary impact, the State and Tribal Resources Board may request a delay in the finalization of the reg-ulation for the purposes of further— (A) stakeholder consultation; (B) budgetary review; and (C) development of a proposal to mitigate the negative economic impact. (3) L
IMITATION .—A delay in the finalization of a regulation requested under paragraph (2) shall not exceed 180 days from the date on which the State and Tribal Resources Board requested the delay in finalization. (c) R
EVISION OF PROPOSED REGULATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Before the date on which any regulation related to mineral leasing policy on Federal land (including valuation methodologies and royalty and lease rates for oil, gas, or coal) is finalized, the Sec-retary shall revise the proposed regulation to avoid any negative impact reported by the Committee under subsection (a)(2). (2) F
INAL RULE .—Any final rule revised under paragraph (1) shall include the revi-sions made by the Secretary in accordance with that paragraph. (d) F
UNDING FOR COMMITTEE ACTIVITIES .— Funding made available to carry out Com-mittee activities under this section shall be available only to the extent and in the amount provided in advance in appropria-tions Acts. 
SEC. ll03. PROGRAMMATIC REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The programmatic review of coal leasing on Federal land (as described in section 4 of the order of the Secretary en-titled ‘‘Discretionary Programmatic Envi-ronmental Impact Statement to Modernize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.030 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S493 February 2, 2016 
the Federal Coal Program’’, numbered 3338, and dated January 15, 2016) shall be com-pleted not later than January 15, 2019. (b) P
ARTICIPANTS IN PROGRAMMATIC RE-
VIEW.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-grammatic review described in subsection (a), the Secretary shall confer with, and take into consideration the views of, representa-tives appointed to the review board described in paragraph (2). (2) R
EVIEW BOARD .—The Governors of States in which more than $10,000,000 in Fed-eral coal revenues are collected annually shall appoint not fewer than 3 representa-tives, 2 of whom shall be members of the State and Tribal Resources Board, to a re-view board that shall confer with the Sec-retary in carrying out the programmatic re-view described in subsection (a). (c) L
IMITATION .—No funds may be used to carry out the programmatic review of coal leasing on Federal land described in sub-section (a) after January 15, 2019. (d) N
OIMPLEMENTATION REQUIREMENT .— Nothing in this section requires the Sec-retary to implement the programmatic re-view of coal leasing on Federal land de-scribed in subsection (a) after January 20, 2017. 
SEC. ll04. EMERGENCY LEASING OF COAL RE-SERVES ON FEDERAL LAND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In response to an applica-tion under subpart 3425 of part 3420 of sub-chapter C of chapter II of subtitle B of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulation), the Secretary may hold an emergency lease sale for coal reserves on Federal land if the applicant demonstrates that— (1)(A) the coal reserves on Federal land are needed not later than 5 years after the date on which the application is submitted to the Secretary— (i) to maintain an existing mining oper-ation at a rate of production, as of the date on which the application is submitted to the Secretary, that is the average of the annual production rates for the 5 calendar years be-fore the date on which the application is sub-mitted to the Secretary; or (ii) to supply coal for any contract signed before January 15, 2016, as substantiated by a complete copy of the supply or delivery con-tract; or (B) if the Secretary— (i) does not lease the coal deposit on Fed-eral land, that coal deposit would be by-passed in the reasonably foreseeable future; or (ii) leases the coal deposit on Federal land, a portion of the tract containing the coal de-posit would be used not later than 5 years after the date on which the application is submitted to the Secretary; and (2) the need for the coal on Federal land has resulted from a circumstance— (A) beyond the control of the applicant; or (B) that could not have been reasonably foreseen in time to allow the planning nec-essary for the consideration of leasing the tract under section 3420.3 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tion). (b) L
ENGTH OF LEASE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If an applicant qualifies for an emergency lease under only clause (i) of subsection (a)(1)(A), the emergency lease shall not exceed 8 years of recoverable re-serves at a rate of production not to exceed the average of the annual production rates for the 5 calendar years before the date on which the application is submitted to the Secretary under subpart 3425 of part 3420 of subchapter C of chapter II of subtitle B of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulation). (2) HIGHER RATE OF PRODUCTION .—If an ap- plicant qualifies for an emergency lease under clauses (i) and (ii) of subsection (a)(1)(A), the higher rate of production shall apply. (c) N
OTICE TO GOVERNOR .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary receives an emergency lease application, the Secretary shall provide notice of the emer-gency lease application to the Governor of the affected State. 
SA 3186. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mrs. E RNST , and Mr. M ORAN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION PROCESS SAFETY MANAGEMENT STANDARD. 
(a) W ITHDRAWAL OF POLICY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Labor, acting through the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health, shall withdraw the revised enforcement pol-icy relating to the exemption of retail facili-ties from coverage of the process safety man-agement of highly hazardous chemicals standard under section 1910.119(a)(2)(i) of title 29, Code of Federal Regulations, issued as a memorandum by the Occupational Safe-ty and Health Administration on July 22, 2015. (2) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary of Labor, acting through the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health, shall enforce section 1910.119(a)(2)(i) of title 29, Code of Federal Regulations (or any cor-responding similar regulation or ruling) in the same manner as such section was en-forced on July 21, 2015, unless such section is amended in accordance with subsection (b). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR RULEMAKING .— (1) P
ROPOSED RULE .—The Secretary may publish any proposed rule relating to the ex-emption of retail facilities from coverage of the process safety management of highly hazardous chemicals standard under section 1910.119(a)(2)(i) of title 29, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regulation or ruling) only if— (A) the Secretary, acting through the As-sistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health, arranges for an inde-pendent third party to conduct a cost anal-ysis of such proposed rule, and the Secretary includes such analysis in the publication of the proposed rule; and (B) the Bureau of the Census establishes a code for farm supply retailers under sector 44–45 (relating to retail trade) of the North American Industry Classification System. (2) N
OTICE AND COMMENT .—In promulgating any rule related to the exemption described in paragraph (1), the Secretary of Labor, act-ing through the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health, shall— (A) provide notice and comment rule-making in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code; and (B) invite meaningful public participation in such rulemaking. 
SA 3187. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 169, line 6, after ‘‘717b(a))’’ insert the following: ‘‘and the Secretary shall deem the application to be consistent with the public interest’’. 
SA 3188. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 44lll. CORRECTION OF SURVEY FOR CER-TAIN LAND IN THE STATE OF ALAS-KA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall— (1) correct the United States Survey num-bered 11630 to conform with the map entitled ‘‘Swan Lake Project Boundary–Lot 2’’ and dated February 1, 2016; and (2) issue a land patent to the State of Alas-ka for all Federal land within the corrected survey area pursuant to section 6(a) of the Act of July 7, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alaska Statehood Act’’) (48 U.S.C. note prec. 21; Public Law 85–508). (b) E
FFECT .—All actions taken by the Sec-retary of the Interior in carrying out this section— (1) are nondiscretionary actions authorized and directed by Congress; and (2) shall be considered to comply with all procedural and other requirements of the laws of the United States. 
SA 3189. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 123, between lines 19 and 20, insert the following: 
SEC. 1107. INCLUSION OF SMART GRID CAPA-BILITY ON ENERGY GUIDE LABELS. 
Section 324(a)(2) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6294(a)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) S
PECIAL NOTES ON SMART GRID CAPA -
BILITIES .— ‘‘(i) I
NITIATION OF RULEMAKING .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this subparagraph, the Commission shall initiate a rulemaking to consider making a special note in a prominent manner on any Energy Guide label for any product that in-cludes smart grid capability that— ‘‘(I) smart grid capability is a feature of that product; and ‘‘(II) the use and value of that feature de-pend on the smart grid capability of the util-ity system in which the product is installed and the active utilization of that feature by the customer. ‘‘(ii) C
OMPLETION OF RULEMAKING .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enact-ment of this subparagraph, the Commission shall complete the rulemaking initiated under clause (i).’’. 
SA 3190. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.043 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES494 February 2, 2016 
amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: TITLE VI—YAKIMA RIVER BASIN WATER ENHANCEMENT PROJECT 
SEC. 6001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project Phase III Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 6002. MODIFICATION OF TERMS, PURPOSES, AND DEFINITIONS. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF TERMS .—Title XII of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4550) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘Yakama Indian’’ each place it appears (except section 1204(g)) and inserting ‘‘Yakama’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Superintendent’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Manager’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF PURPOSES .—Section 1201 of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4550) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) to protect, mitigate, and enhance fish and wildlife and the recovery and mainte-nance of self-sustaining harvestable popu-lations of fish and other aquatic life, both anadromous and resident species, throughout their historic distribution range in the Yak-ima Basin through— ‘‘(A) improved water management and the constructions of fish passage at storage and diversion dams, as authorized under the Hoo-ver Power Plant Act of 1984 (43 U.S.C. 619 et seq.); ‘‘(B) improved instream flows and water supplies; ‘‘(C) improved water quality, watershed, and ecosystem function; ‘‘(D) protection, creation, and enhance-ment of wetlands; and ‘‘(E) other appropriate means of habitat improvement;’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, munic-ipal, industrial, and domestic water supply and use purposes, especially during drought years, including reducing the frequency and severity of water supply shortages for pro- ratable irrigation entities’’ before the semi-colon at the end; (3) by striking paragraph (4); (4) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); (5) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) to authorize the Secretary to make water available for purchase or lease for meeting municipal, industrial, and domestic water supply purposes;’’; (6) by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (6) as paragraphs (6) and (8), respectively; (7) by inserting after paragraph (4) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(5) to realize sufficient water savings from implementing the Yakima River Basin Integrated Water Resource Management Plan, so that not less than 85,000 acre feet of water savings are achieved by implementing the first phase of the Integrated Plan pursu-ant to section 1213(a), in addition to the 165,000 acre feet of water savings targeted through the Basin Conservation Program, as authorized on October 31, 1994;’’; (8) in paragraph (6) (as so redesignated)— (A) by inserting ‘‘an increase in’’ before ‘‘voluntary’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (9) by inserting after paragraph (6) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(7) to encourage an increase in the use of, and reduce the barriers to, water transfers, leasing, markets, and other voluntary trans-actions among public and private entities to enhance water management in the Yakima River basin;’’; (10) in paragraph (8) (as redesignated by paragraph (6)), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (11) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) to improve the resilience of the eco-systems, economies, and communities in the Basin as they face drought, hydrologic changes, and other related changes and vari-ability in natural and human systems, for the benefit of both the people and the fish and wildlife of the region; and ‘‘(10) to authorize and implement the Yak-ima River Basin Integrated Water Resource Management Plan as Phase III of the Yak-ima River Basin Water Enhancement Project, as a balanced and cost-effective ap-proach to maximize benefits to the commu-nities and environment in the Basin.’’. (c) MODIFICATION OF DEFINITIONS .—Section 1202 of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4550) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (6), (7), (8), (9), (10), (11), (12), (13), and (14) as paragraphs (8), (10), (11), (13), (14), (15), (16), (18), and (19), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) D
ESIGNATED FEDERAL OFFICIAL .—The term ‘designated Federal official’ means the Commissioner of Reclamation (or a des-ignee), acting pursuant to the charter of the Conservation Advisory Group. ‘‘(7) I
NTEGRATED PLAN .—The terms ‘Inte-grated Plan’ and ‘Yakima River Basin Inte-grated Water Resource Plan’ mean the plan and activities authorized by the Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project Phase III Act of 2016 and the amendments made by that Act, to be carried out in co-operation with and in addition to activities of the State of Washington and Yakama Na-tion.’’; (3) by inserting after paragraph (8) (as re-designated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(9) M
UNICIPAL , INDUSTRIAL , AND DOMESTIC  
WATER SUPPLY AND USE .—The term ‘munic-ipal, industrial, and domestic water supply and use’ means the supply and use of water for— ‘‘(A) domestic consumption (whether urban or rural); ‘‘(B) maintenance and protection of public health and safety; ‘‘(C) manufacture, fabrication, processing, assembly, or other production of a good or commodity; ‘‘(D) production of energy; ‘‘(E) fish hatcheries; or ‘‘(F) water conservation activities relating to a use described in subparagraphs (A) through (E).’’; (4) by inserting after paragraph (11) (as re-designated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(12) P
RORATABLE IRRIGATION ENTITY .—The term ‘proratable irrigation entity’ means a district, project, or State-recognized author-ity, board of control, agency, or entity lo-cated in the Yakima River basin that— ‘‘(A) manages and delivers irrigation water to farms in the basin; and ‘‘(B) possesses, or the members of which possess, water rights that are proratable dur-ing periods of water shortage.’’; and (5) by inserting after paragraph (16) (as re-designated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(17) Y
AKIMA ENHANCEMENT PROJECT ; YAK-
IMA RIVER BASIN WATER ENHANCEMENT  
PROJECT .—The terms ‘Yakima Enhancement Project’ and ‘Yakima River Basin Water En-hancement Project’ mean the Yakima River basin water enhancement project authorized by Congress pursuant to this Act and other Acts (including Public Law 96–162 (93 Stat. 1241), section 109 of Public Law 98–381 (16 U.S.C. 839b note; 98 Stat. 1340), Public Law 105–62 (111 Stat. 1320), and Public Law 106–372 (114 Stat. 1425)) to promote water conserva-tion, water supply, habitat, and stream en-hancement improvements in the Yakima River basin.’’. SEC. 6003. YAKIMA RIVER BASIN WATER CON-SERVATION PROGRAM. 
Section 1203 of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4551) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘title’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’; and (ii) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘within 5 years of the date of enactment of this Act’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘irriga-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘the number of irrigated acres’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in each of subparagraphs (A) through (D), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (E), by striking the comma at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (iii) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘De-partment of Wildlife of the State of Wash-ington, and’’ and inserting ‘‘Department of Fish and Wildlife of the State of Wash-ington.’’; and (iv) by striking subparagraph (G); (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in each of subparagraphs (A) through (C), by striking the comma at the end and in-serting a semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘, and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (iii) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) provide recommendations to advance the purposes and programs of the Yakima Enhancement Project, including the Inte-grated Plan.’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) A
UTHORITY OF DESIGNATED FEDERAL OF -
FICIAL .—The designated Federal official may— ‘‘(A) arrange and provide logistical support for meetings of the Conservation Advisory Group; ‘‘(B) use a facilitator to serve as a moder-ator for meetings of the Conservation Advi-sory Group or provide additional logistical support; and ‘‘(C) grant any request for a facilitator by any member of the Conservation Advisory Group.’’; (3) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) P
AYMENT OF LOCAL SHARE BY STATE OR  
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The State or the Fed-eral Government may fund not more than the 17.5 percent local share of the costs of the Basin Conservation Program in exchange for the long-term use of conserved water, subject to the requirement that the funding by the Federal Government of the local share of the costs shall provide a quantifi-able public benefit in meeting Federal re-sponsibilities in the Basin and the purposes of this title. ‘‘(B) U
SE OF CONSERVED WATER .—The Yak- ima Project Manager may use water result-ing from conservation measures taken under this title, in addition to water that the Bu-reau of Reclamation may acquire from any willing seller through purchase, donation, or lease, for water management uses pursuant to this title.’’; (4) in subsection (e), by striking the first sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘To 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.031 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S495 February 2, 2016 
participate in the Basin Conservation Pro-gram, as described in subsection (b), an enti-ty shall submit to the Secretary a proposed water conservation plan.’’; (5) in subsection (i)(3)— (A) by striking ‘‘purchase or lease’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘purchase, lease, or management’’; and (B) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘made immediately upon availability’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Committee’’ and inserting ‘‘continued as needed to provide water to be used by the Yakima Project Manager as recommended by the System Op-erations Advisory Committee and the Con-servation Advisory Group’’; and (6) in subsection (j)(4), in the first sen-tence, by striking ‘‘initial acquisition’’ and all that follows through ‘‘flushing flows’’ and inserting ‘‘acquisition of water from willing sellers or lessors specifically to provide im-proved instream flows for anadromous and resident fish and other aquatic life, including pulse flows to facilitate outward migration of anadromous fish’’. 
SEC. 6004. YAKIMA BASIN WATER PROJECTS, OP-ERATIONS, AND AUTHORIZATIONS. 
(a) Y AKAMA NATION PROJECTS .—Section 1204 of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4555) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), in the first sen-tence, by striking ‘‘not more than $23,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than $100,000,000’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) by striking the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘R
EDESIGNATION OF YAKAMA INDIAN  N
ATION TO YAKAMA NATION .—’’; (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) R
EDESIGNATION .—The Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Indian Na-tion shall be known and designated as the ‘Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation’.’’; and (C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘deemed to be a reference to the ‘Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Indian Nation’.’’ and inserting ‘‘deemed to be a reference to the ‘Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation’.’’. (b) O
PERATION OF YAKIMA BASIN P
ROJECTS .—Section 1205 of Public Law 103– 434 (108 Stat. 4557) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘additional’’ after ‘‘se-cure’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘flushing’’ and inserting ‘‘pulse’’; and (cc) by striking ‘‘uses’’ and inserting ‘‘uses, in addition to the quantity of water provided under the treaty between the Yakama Na-tion and the United States’’; (II) by striking clause (ii); (III) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (ii); and (IV) in clause (ii) (as so redesignated) by inserting ‘‘and water rights mandated’’ after ‘‘goals’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), in the first sen-tence, by inserting ‘‘in proportion to the funding received’’ after ‘‘Program’’; (2) in subsection (b) (as amended by section 6002(a)(2)), in the second sentence, by strik-ing ‘‘instream flows for use by the Yakima Project Manager as flushing flows or as oth-erwise’’ and inserting ‘‘fishery purposes, as’’; and (3) in subsection (e), by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Additional purposes of the Yakima Project shall be any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) To recover and maintain self-sus-taining harvestable populations of native fish, both anadromous and resident species, throughout their historic distribution range in the Yakima Basin. ‘‘(B) To protect, mitigate, and enhance aquatic life and wildlife. ‘‘(C) Recreation. ‘‘(D) Municipal, industrial, and domestic use.’’. (c) LAKECLEELUM AUTHORIZATION OF AP-
PROPRIATIONS .—Section 1206(a)(1) of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4560), is amended, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘at September’’ and all that follows through ‘‘to—’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than $12,000,000 to—’’. (d) E
NHANCEMENT OF WATER SUPPLIES FOR  Y
AKIMA BASIN TRIBUTARIES .—Section 1207 of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4560) is amend-ed— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
SUPPLIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘
MANAGEMENT ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘supplies’’ and inserting ‘‘man-agement’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and water supply entities’’ after ‘‘owners’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘that choose not to participate or opt out of tribu-tary enhancement projects pursuant to this section’’ after ‘‘water right owners’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘non-participating’’ before ‘‘tributary water users’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking the paragraph designation and all that follows through ‘‘(but not lim-ited to)—’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, following consultation with the State of Washington, tributary water right owners, and the Yakama Nation, and on agreement of appro-priate water right owners, is authorized to conduct studies to evaluate measures to fur-ther Yakima Project purposes on tributaries to the Yakima River. Enhancement pro-grams that use measures authorized by this subsection may be investigated and imple-mented by the Secretary in tributaries to the Yakima River, including Taneum Creek, other areas, or tributary basins that cur-rently or could potentially be provided sup-plemental or transfer water by entities, such as the Kittitas Reclamation District or the Yakima-Tieton Irrigation District, subject to the condition that activities may com-mence on completion of applicable and re-quired feasibility studies, environmental re-views, and cost-benefit analyses that include favorable recommendations for further project development, as appropriate. Meas-ures to evaluate include—’’; (ii) by indenting subparagraphs (A) through (F) appropriately; (iii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting be-fore the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, including irrigation efficiency improve-ments (in coordination with programs of the Department of Agriculture), consolidation of diversions or administration, and diversion scheduling or coordination’’; (iv) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) through (F) as subparagraphs (E) through (H), respectively; (v) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) improvements in irrigation system management or delivery facilities within the Yakima River basin when those improve-ments allow for increased irrigation system conveyance and corresponding reduction in diversion from tributaries or flow enhance-ments to tributaries through direct flow sup-plementation or groundwater recharge; ‘‘(D) improvements of irrigation system management or delivery facilities to reduce or eliminate excessively high flows caused by the use of natural streams for conveyance or irrigation water or return water;’’; (vi) in subparagraph (E) (as redesignated by clause (iv)), by striking ‘‘ground water’’ and inserting ‘‘groundwater recharge and’’; (vii) in subparagraph (G) (as redesignated by clause (iv)), by inserting ‘‘or transfer’’ after ‘‘purchase’’; and (viii) in subparagraph (H) (as redesignated by clause (iv)), by inserting ‘‘stream proc-esses and’’ before ‘‘stream habitats’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the Taneum Creek study’’ and inserting ‘‘studies under this sub-section’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘and economic’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, infrastructure, economic, and land use’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) any related studies already underway or undertaken.’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘of each tributary or group of tributaries’’ after ‘‘study’’; (4) in subsection (c)— (A) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘AND NON -
SURFACE STORAGE ’’ after ‘‘ NONSTORAGE ’’; and (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and nonsurface storage’’ after ‘‘nonstorage’’; (5) by striking subsection (d); (6) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (d); and (7) in paragraph (2) of subsection (d) (as so redesignated)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by inserting ‘‘and implementation’’ after ‘‘investigation’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘other’’ before ‘‘Yakima River’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘and other water supply entities’’ after ‘‘owners’’; and (B) by striking the second sentence. (e) C
HANDLER PUMPING PLANT AND POWER -
PLANT -OPERATIONS AT PROSSER DIVERSION  D
AM.—Section 1208(d) of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4562; 114 Stat. 1425) is amended by inserting ‘‘negatively’’ before ‘‘affected’’. (f) I
NTERIM COMPREHENSIVE BASIN OPER-
ATING PLAN.—Section 1210(c) of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4564) is amended by striking ‘‘$100,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$200,000’’. (g) E
NVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE .—Section 1211 of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4564) is amended by striking ‘‘$2,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$5,000,000’’. 
SEC. 6005. AUTHORIZATION OF PHASE III OF YAK-IMA RIVER BASIN WATER ENHANCE-MENT PROJECT. 
Title XII of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4550) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 1213. AUTHORIZATION OF THE INTE-GRATED PLAN AS PHASE III OF YAK-IMA RIVER BASIN WATER ENHANCE-MENT PROJECT. 
‘‘(a) I NTEGRATED PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall im-plement the Integrated Plan as Phase III of the Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project in accordance with this section and applicable laws. ‘‘(2) I
NITIAL DEVELOPMENT PHASE OF THE IN -
TEGRATED PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in co-ordination with the State of Washington and Yakama Nation and subject to feasibility studies, environmental reviews, and the availability of appropriations, shall imple-ment an initial development phase of the In-tegrated Plan, to— ‘‘(i) complete the planning, design, and construction or development of upstream 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.031 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES496 February 2, 2016 
and downstream fish passage facilities, as previously authorized by the Hoover Power Plant Act of 1984 (43 U.S.C. 619 et seq.) at Cle Elum Reservoir and another Yakima Project reservoir identified by the Secretary as con-sistent with the Integrated Plan, subject to the condition that, if the Yakima Project reservoir identified by the Secretary con-tains a hydropower project licensed by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the Secretary shall cooperate with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in a timely manner to ensure that actions taken by the Secretary are consistent with the applicable hydropower project license; ‘‘(ii) negotiate long-term agreements with participating proratable irrigation entities in the Yakima Basin and, acting through the Bureau of Reclamation, coordinate between Bureaus of the Department of the Interior and with the heads of other Federal agencies to negotiate agreements concerning leases, easements, and rights-of-way on Federal land, and other terms and conditions deter-mined to be necessary to allow for the non- Federal financing, construction, operation, and maintenance of— ‘‘(I) new facilities needed to access and de-liver inactive storage in Lake Kachess for the purpose of providing drought relief for ir-rigation (known as the ‘Kachess Drought Re-lief Pumping Plant’); and ‘‘(II) a conveyance system to allow transfer of water between Keechelus Reservoir to Kachess Reservoir for purposes of improving operational flexibility for the benefit of both fish and irrigation (known as the ‘K to K Pipeline’); ‘‘(iii) participate in, provide funding for, and accept non-Federal financing for— ‘‘(I) water conservation projects, not sub-ject to the provisions of the Basin Conserva-tion Program described in section 1203, that are intended to partially implement the In-tegrated Plan by providing 85,000 acre-feet of conserved water to improve tributary and mainstem stream flow; and ‘‘(II) aquifer storage and recovery projects; ‘‘(iv) study, evaluate, and conduct feasi-bility analyses and environmental reviews of fish passage, water supply (including ground-water and surface water storage), conserva-tion, habitat restoration projects, and other alternatives identified as consistent with the purposes of this Act, for the initial and fu-ture phases of the Integrated Plan; ‘‘(v) coordinate with and assist the State of Washington in implementing a robust water market to enhance water management in the Yakima River basin, including— ‘‘(I) assisting in identifying ways to en-courage and increase the use of, and reduce the barriers to, water transfers, leasing, markets, and other voluntary transactions among public and private entities in the Yakima River basin; ‘‘(II) providing technical assistance, in-cluding scientific data and market informa-tion; and ‘‘(III) negotiating agreements that would facilitate voluntary water transfers between entities, including as appropriate, the use of federally managed infrastructure; and ‘‘(vi) enter into cooperative agreements with, or, subject to a minimum non-Federal cost-sharing requirement of 50 percent, make grants to, the Yakama Nation, the State of Washington, Yakima River basin irrigation districts, water districts, conservation dis-tricts, other local governmental entities, nonprofit organizations, and land owners to carry out this title under such terms and conditions as the Secretary may require, in-cluding the following purposes: ‘‘(I) Land and water transfers, leases, and acquisitions from willing participants, so long as the acquiring entity shall hold title and be responsible for any and all required operations, maintenance, and management of that land and water. ‘‘(II) To combine or relocate diversion points, remove fish barriers, or for other ac-tivities that increase flows or improve habi-tat in the Yakima River and its tributaries in furtherance of this title. ‘‘(III) To implement, in partnership with Federal and non-Federal entities, projects to enhance the health and resilience of the wa-tershed. ‘‘(B) C
OMMENCEMENT DATE .—The Secretary shall commence implementation of the ac-tivities included under the initial develop-ment phase pursuant to this paragraph— ‘‘(i) on the date of enactment of this sec-tion; and ‘‘(ii) on completion of applicable feasibility studies, environmental reviews, and cost- benefit analyses that include favorable rec-ommendations for further project develop-ment. ‘‘(3) I
NTERMEDIATE AND FINAL PHASES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in co-ordination with the State of Washington and in consultation with the Yakama Nation, shall develop plans for intermediate and final development phases of the Integrated Plan to achieve the purposes of this Act, in-cluding conducting applicable feasibility studies, environmental reviews, and other relevant studies needed to develop the plans. ‘‘(B) I
NTERMEDIATE PHASE .—The Secretary shall develop an intermediate development phase to implement the Integrated Plan that, subject to authorization and appropria-tion, would commence not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of this sec-tion. ‘‘(C) F
INAL PHASE .—The Secretary shall de-velop a final development phase to imple-ment the Integrated Plan that, subject to authorization and appropriation, would com-mence not later than 20 years after the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(4) C
ONTINGENCIES .—The implementation by the Secretary of projects and activities identified for implementation under the In-tegrated Plan shall be— ‘‘(A) subject to authorization and appro-priation; ‘‘(B) contingent on the completion of appli-cable feasibility studies, environmental re-views, and cost-benefit analyses that include favorable recommendations for further project development; ‘‘(C) implemented on public review and a determination by the Secretary that design, construction, and operation of a proposed project or activity is in the best interest of the public; and ‘‘(D) in compliance with all applicable laws, including the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq). ‘‘(5) P
ROGRESS REPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary, in conjunction with the State of Washington and in consultation with the Yakama Nation, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a progress report on the development and im-plementation of the Integrated Plan. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The progress report under this paragraph shall— ‘‘(i) provide a review and reassessment, if needed, of the objectives of the Integrated Plan, as applied to all elements of the Inte-grated Plan; ‘‘(ii) assess, through performance metrics developed at the initiation of, and measured throughout the implementation of, the Inte-grated Plan, the degree to which the imple-mentation of the initial development phase addresses the objectives and all elements of the Integrated Plan; ‘‘(iii) identify the amount of Federal fund-ing and non-Federal contributions received and expended during the period covered by the report; ‘‘(iv) describe the pace of project develop-ment during the period covered by the re-port; ‘‘(v) identify additional projects and activi-ties proposed for inclusion in any future phase of the Integrated Plan to address the objectives of the Integrated Plan, as applied to all elements of the Integrated Plan; and ‘‘(vi) for water supply projects— ‘‘(I) provide a preliminary discussion of the means by which— ‘‘(aa) water and costs associated with each recommended project would be allocated among authorized uses; and ‘‘(bb) those allocations would be consistent with the objectives of the Integrated Plan; and ‘‘(II) establish a plan for soliciting and for-malizing subscriptions among individuals and entities for participation in any of the recommended water supply projects that will establish the terms for participation, includ-ing fiscal obligations associated with sub-scription. ‘‘(b) FINANCING , CONSTRUCTION , OPERATION , 
ANDMAINTENANCE OF KACHESS DROUGHT RE-
LIEF PUMPING PLANT AND K TOK P IPELINE .— ‘‘(1) A
GREEMENTS .—Long-term agreements negotiated between the Secretary and par-ticipating proratable irrigation entities in the Yakima Basin for the non-Federal fi-nancing, construction, operation, and main-tenance of the Drought Relief Pumping Plant and K to K Pipeline shall include pro-visions regarding— ‘‘(A) responsibilities of the participating proratable irrigation entities for the plan-ning, design, and construction of infrastruc-ture in consultation and coordination with the Secretary; ‘‘(B) property titles and responsibilities of the participating proratable irrigation enti-ties for the maintenance of and liability for all infrastructure constructed under this title; ‘‘(C) operation and integration of the projects by the Secretary in the operation of the Yakima Project; ‘‘(D) costs associated with the design, fi-nancing, construction, operation, mainte-nance, and mitigation of projects, with the costs of Federal oversight and review to be nonreimbursable to the participating prorat-able irrigation entities and the Yakima Project; and ‘‘(E) responsibilities for the pumping and operational costs necessary to provide the total water supply available made inacces-sible due to drought pumping during the pre-ceding 1 or more calendar years, in the event that the Kachess Reservoir fails to refill as a result of pumping drought storage water dur-ing the preceding 1 or more calendar years, which shall remain the responsibility of the participating proratable irrigation entities. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF KACHESS RESERVOIR STORED  
WATER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The additional stored water made available by the construction of facilities to access and deliver inactive stor-age in Kachess Reservoir under subsection (a)(2)(A)(ii)(I) shall— ‘‘(i) be considered to be Yakima Project water; ‘‘(ii) not be part of the total water supply available, as that term is defined in various court rulings; and ‘‘(iii) be used exclusively by the Sec-retary— ‘‘(I) to enhance the water supply in years when the total water supply available is not sufficient to provide 70 percent of proratable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.031 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S497 February 2, 2016 
entitlements in order to make that addi-tional water available up to 70 percent of proratable entitlements to the Kittitas Rec-lamation District, the Roza Irrigation Dis-trict, or other proratable irrigation entities participating in the construction, operation, and maintenance costs of the facilities under this title under such terms and conditions to which the districts may agree, subject to the conditions that— ‘‘(aa) the Bureau of Indian Affairs, the Wapato Irrigation Project, and the Yakama Nation, on an election to participate, may also obtain water from Kachess Reservoir in-active storage to enhance applicable existing irrigation water supply in accordance with such terms and conditions to which the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs and the Yakama Na-tion may agree; and ‘‘(bb) the additional supply made available under this clause shall be available to par-ticipating individuals and entities in propor-tion to the proratable entitlements of the participating individuals and entities, or in such other proportion as the participating entities may agree; and ‘‘(II) to facilitate reservoir operations in the reach of the Yakima River between Keechelus Dam and Easton Dam for the propagation of anadromous fish. ‘‘(B) E
FFECT OF PARAGRAPH .—Nothing in this paragraph affects (as in existence on the date of enactment of this section) any con-tract, law (including regulations) relating to repayment costs, water right, or Yakama Nation treaty right. ‘‘(3) C
OMMENCEMENT .—The Secretary shall not commence entering into agreements pur-suant to subsection (a)(2)(A)(ii) or subsection (b)(1) or implementing any activities pursu-ant to the agreements before the date on which— ‘‘(A) all applicable and required feasibility studies, environmental reviews, and cost- benefit analyses have been completed and in-clude favorable recommendations for further project development, including an analysis of— ‘‘(i) the impacts of the agreements and ac-tivities conducted pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A)(ii) on adjacent communities, includ-ing potential fire hazards, water access for fire districts, community and homeowner wells, future water levels based on projected usage, recreational values, and property val-ues; and ‘‘(ii) specific options and measures for mitigating the impacts, as appropriate; ‘‘(B) the Secretary has made the agree-ments and any applicable project designs, operations plans, and other documents avail-able for public review and comment in the Federal Register for a period of not less than 60 days; and ‘‘(C) the Secretary has made a determina-tion, consistent with applicable law, that the agreements and activities to which the agreements relate— ‘‘(i) are in the public interest; and ‘‘(ii) could be implemented without signifi-cant adverse impacts to the environment. ‘‘(4) E
LECTRICAL POWER ASSOCIATED WITH  
KACHESS DROUGHT RELIEF PUMPING PLANT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Bonneville Power Administration, pursu-ant to the Pacific Northwest Electric Power Planning and Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 839 et seq.), shall provide to the Secretary project power to operate the Kachess Pump-ing Plant constructed under this title if in-active storage in Kachess Reservoir is needed to provide drought relief for irrigation, sub-ject to the requirements of subparagraphs (B) and (C). ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION .—Power may be pro-vided under subparagraph (A) only if— ‘‘(i) there is in effect a drought declaration issued by the State of Washington; ‘‘(ii) there are conditions that have led to 70 percent or less water delivery to prorat-able irrigation districts, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(iii) the Secretary determines that it is appropriate to provide power under that sub-paragraph. ‘‘(C) PERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Power under subparagraph (A) shall be provided until the date on which the Secretary deter-mines that power should no longer be pro-vided under that subparagraph, but for not more than a 1-year period or the period dur-ing which the Secretary determines that drought mitigation measures are necessary in the Yakima River basin. ‘‘(D) R
ATE.—The Administrator of the Bon-neville Power Administration shall provide power under subparagraph (A) at the then- applicable lowest Bonneville Power Adminis-tration rate for public body, cooperative, and Federal agency customers firm obligations, which as of the date of enactment of this sec-tion is the priority firm Tier 1 rate, and shall not include any irrigation discount. ‘‘(E) L
OCAL PROVIDER .—During any period in which power is not being provided under subparagraph (A), the power needed to oper-ate the Kachess Pumping Plant shall be ob-tained by the Secretary from a local pro-vider. ‘‘(F) C
OSTS.—The cost of power for such pumping, station service power, and all costs of transmitting power from the Federal Co-lumbia River Power System to the Yakima Enhancement Project pumping facilities shall be borne by irrigation districts receiv-ing the benefits of that water. ‘‘(G) D
UTIES OF COMMISSIONER .—The Com-missioner of Reclamation shall be respon-sible for arranging transmission for deliv-eries of Federal power over the Bonneville system through applicable tariff and busi-ness practice processes of the Bonneville sys-tem and for arranging transmission for deliv-eries of power obtained from a local pro-vider. ‘‘(c) D
ESIGN AND USE OF GROUNDWATER RE-
CHARGE PROJECTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any water supply that results from an aquifer storage and recovery project shall not be considered to be a part of the total water supply available if— ‘‘(A) the water for the aquifer storage and recovery project would not be available for use, but instead for the development of the project; ‘‘(B) the aquifer storage and recovery project will not otherwise impair any water supply available for any individual or entity entitled to use the total water supply avail-able; and ‘‘(C) the development of the aquifer storage and recovery project will not impair fish or other aquatic life in any localized stream reach. ‘‘(2) P
ROJECT TYPES .—The Secretary may provide technical assistance for, and partici-pate in, any of the following 3 types of groundwater recharge projects (including the incorporation of groundwater recharge projects into Yakima Project operations, as appropriate): ‘‘(A) Aquifer recharge projects designed to redistribute Yakima Project water within a water year for the purposes of supplementing stream flow during the irrigation season, particularly during storage control, subject to the condition that if such a project is de-signed to supplement a mainstem reach, the water supply that results from the project shall be credited to instream flow targets, in lieu of using the total water supply available to meet those targets. ‘‘(B) Aquifer storage and recovery projects that are designed, within a given water year or over multiple water years— ‘‘(i) to supplement or mitigate for munic-ipal uses; ‘‘(ii) to supplement municipal supply in a subsurface aquifer; or ‘‘(iii) to mitigate the effect of groundwater use on instream flow or senior water rights. ‘‘(C) Aquifer storage and recovery projects designed to supplement existing irrigation water supply, or to store water in subsurface aquifers, for use by the Kittitas Reclamation District, the Roza Irrigation District, or any other proratable irrigation entity partici-pating in the repayment of the construction, operation, and maintenance costs of the fa-cilities under this section during years in which the total water supply available is in-sufficient to provide to those proratable irri-gation entities all water to which the enti-ties are entitled, subject to the conditions that— ‘‘(i) the Bureau of Indian Affairs, the Wapato Irrigation Project, and the Yakama Nation, on an election to participate, may also obtain water from aquifer storage to en-hance applicable existing irrigation water supply in accordance with such terms and conditions to which the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs and the Yakama Nation may agree; and ‘‘(ii) nothing in this subparagraph affects (as in existence on the date of enactment of this section) any contract, law (including regulations) relating to repayment costs, water right, or Yakama Nation treaty right. ‘‘(d) FEDERAL COST-SHARE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal cost-share of a project carried out under this section shall be determined in accordance with the applicable laws (including regulations) and policies of the Bureau of Reclamation. ‘‘(2) I
NITIAL PHASE .—The Federal cost-share for the initial development phase of the Inte-grated Plan shall not exceed 50 percent of the total cost of the initial development phase. ‘‘(3) S
TATE AND OTHER CONTRIBUTIONS .—The Secretary may accept as part of the non-Fed-eral cost-share of a project carried out under this section, and expend as if appropriated, any contribution (including in-kind services) by the State of Washington or any other in-dividual or entity that the Secretary deter-mines will enhance the conduct and comple-tion of the project. ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION ON USE OF OTHER FEDERAL  
FUNDS .—Except as otherwise provided in this title, other Federal funds may not be used to provide the non-Federal cost-share of a project carried out under this section. ‘‘(e) S
AVINGS AND CONTINGENCIES .—Nothing in this section shall— ‘‘(1) be a new or supplemental benefit for purposes of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 390aa et seq.); ‘‘(2) affect any contract in existence on the date of enactment of the Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project Phase III Act of 2016 that was executed pursuant to the reclamation laws; ‘‘(3) affect any contract or agreement be-tween the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Bureau of Reclamation; ‘‘(4) affect, waive, abrogate, diminish, de-fine, or interpret the treaty between the Yakama Nation and the United States; or ‘‘(5) constrain the continued authority of the Secretary to provide fish passage in the Yakima Basin in accordance with the Hoover Power Plant Act of 1984 (43 U.S.C. 619 et seq.). 
‘‘SEC. 1214. OPERATIONAL CONTROL OF WATER SUPPLIES. 
‘‘The Secretary shall retain authority and discretion over the management of project supplies to optimize operational use and flexibility to ensure compliance with all ap-plicable Federal and State laws, treaty rights of the Yakama Nation, and legal obli-gations, including those contained in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.031 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES498 February 2, 2016 
Act. That authority and discretion includes the ability of the United States to store, de-liver, conserve, and reuse water supplies de-riving from projects authorized under this title.’’. 
SA 3191. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. S
CHATZ , and Mr. M ARKEY ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING CLIMATE CHANGE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) a global temperature increase of 3.6 de-grees Fahrenheit or greater will lead to sig-nificant disruption to the natural systems of the earth, including— (A) increased droughts; (B) more intense wildfires; (C) rising seas; (D) increased desertification; and (E) acidifying oceans; (2) the impacts referred to in paragraph (1) will result in economic disruption, including significant impacts on the farming, fishing, forestry, recreation, and other sectors of the United States economy; (3) the international community, rep-resenting more than 195 countries, agreed to take steps to avert 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit of global temperature rise; (4) in order to tackle climate change and achieve the goal of averting 3.6 degrees Fahr-enheit of global temperature rise, all coun-tries must meet and build on their pledged efforts and do their fair share to address cli-mate change by transitioning to clean sources of energy; (5) the final rule of the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency enti-tled ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 64662 (October 23, 2015)) (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Clean Power Plan’’), has put the United States on a path to cut carbon emis-sions from the electricity sector by 32 per-cent from 2005 levels by 2030 and transition to a clean energy economy; (6) to adequately address the threat of cli-mate change to the United States economy, the President who takes office in January 2017, will need to fully implement the Clean Power Plan and other elements of the Cli-mate Action Plan of President Obama and develop additional measures to continue progress toward greater reduction in green-house gas emissions and a faster transition to clean energy; and (7) the President who takes office in Janu-ary 2017, should work with Congress to de-velop a comprehensive plan by June 1, 2017, that— (A) builds on the Climate Action Plan of President Obama; and (B) continues— (i) carbon emission reductions by the United States; and (ii) global leadership of the United States in addressing climate change. 
SA 3192. Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. K AINE, Mr. S COTT, Mr. V
ITTER , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. W AR-
NER) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3105. OIL AND GAS. 
(a) D ISPOSITION OF OUTER CONTINENTAL  S
HELF REVENUES TO GULF PRODUCING  S
TATES .—Section 105(f) of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 1331 note; Public Law 109–432) is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the total amount of qualified outer Conti-nental Shelf revenues described in section 102(9)(A)(ii) that are made available under subsection (a)(2) shall not exceed— ‘‘(A) for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2026, $500,000,000; ‘‘(B) for each of fiscal years 2027 through 2031, $999,000,000; and ‘‘(C) for each of fiscal years 2032 through 2055, $500,000,000.’’. (b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF REVENUE TO ALASKA .— Section 9 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1338) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘All rentals,’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), all rentals,’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF REVENUE TO ALAS-
KA.— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) C
OASTAL POLITICAL SUBDIVISION .—The term ‘coastal political subdivision’ means a county-equivalent or municipal subdivision of the State— ‘‘(i) all or part of which lies within the coastal zone of the State (as defined in sec-tion 304 of the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1453)); and ‘‘(ii)(I) the closest coastal point of which is not more than 200 nautical miles from the geographical center of any leased tract in the Alaska outer Continental Shelf region; or ‘‘(II)(aa) the closest point of which is more than 200 nautical miles from the geo-graphical center of a leased tract in the Alaska outer Continental Shelf region; and ‘‘(bb) that is determined by the State to be a significant staging area for oil and gas servicing, supply vessels, operations, sup-pliers, or workers. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED REVENUES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified reve-nues’ means all revenues derived from all rentals, royalties, bonus bids, and other sums due and payable to the United States from energy development in the Alaska outer Continental Shelf region. ‘‘(ii) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘qualified rev-enues’ does not include revenues generated from leases subject to section 8(g). ‘‘(C) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means the State of Alaska. ‘‘(2) F
ISCAL YEARS 2027 –2031.—For each of fis-cal years 2027 through 2031, the Secretary shall deposit— ‘‘(A) 62.5 percent of qualified revenues in the general fund of the Treasury, of which 12.5 percent shall be allocated to the Tribal Resilience Fund established by section 3105(e) of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016; ‘‘(B) 28 percent of qualified revenues in a special account in the Treasury, to be dis-tributed by the Secretary to the State; ‘‘(C) 7.5 percent of qualified revenues in a special account in the Treasury, to be dis-tributed by the Secretary to coastal political subdivisions; and ‘‘(D) 2 percent of qualified revenues in the general account of the Denali Commission. ‘‘(3) ALLOCATION AMONG COASTAL POLITICAL  
SUBDIVISIONS .—Of the amount paid by the Secretary to coastal political subdivisions under paragraph (2)(C)— ‘‘(A) 90 percent shall be allocated in amounts (based on a formula established by the Secretary by regulation) that are in-versely proportional to the respective dis-tances between the point in each coastal po-litical subdivision that is closest to the geo-graphic center of the applicable leased tract and not more than 200 miles from the geo-graphic center of the leased tract; and ‘‘(B) 10 percent shall be divided equally among each coastal political subdivision that— ‘‘(i) is more than 200 nautical miles from the geographic center of a leased tract; and ‘‘(ii) the State of Alaska determines to be a significant staging area for oil and gas servicing, supply vessels, operations, sup-pliers, or workers. ‘‘(4) T
IMING .—The amounts required to be deposited under paragraph (2) for the appli-cable fiscal year shall be made available in accordance with that paragraph during the fiscal year immediately following the appli-cable fiscal year. ‘‘(5) A
DMINISTRATION .—Amounts made available under paragraph (2) shall— ‘‘(A) be made available, without further ap-propriation, in accordance with this sub-section; ‘‘(B) remain available until expended; and ‘‘(C) be in addition to any amounts appro-priated under any other provision of law.’’. (c) D
ISPOSITION OF REVENUES TO ATLANTIC  S
TATES .—Section 9 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1338) (as amended by subsection (b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
ISTRIBUTION OF REVENUE TO ATLANTIC  S
TATES .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
TLANTIC STATE .—The term ‘Atlantic State’ means any of the following States, which are adjacent to the South Atlantic planning area: ‘‘(i) Georgia. ‘‘(ii) North Carolina. ‘‘(iii) South Carolina. ‘‘(iv) Virginia. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED REVENUES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified reve-nues’ means all revenues derived from all rentals, royalties, bonus bids, and other sums due and payable to the United States from energy development in the Atlantic planning region. ‘‘(ii) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘qualified rev-enues’ does not include revenues generated from leases subject to section 8(g). ‘‘(C) S
OUTH ATLANTIC PLANNING AREA .—The term ‘South Atlantic planning area’ means the area of the outer Continental Shelf (as defined in section 2 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331)) that is lo-cated between the northern lateral seaward administrative boundary of the Common-wealth of Virginia and the southernmost lat-eral seaward administrative boundary of the State of Georgia. ‘‘(2) D
EPOSIT .—For each of fiscal years 2027 through 2031, the Secretary shall deposit— ‘‘(A) 62.5 percent of any qualified revenues in the general fund of the Treasury, of which 12.5 percent shall be split equally among, and allocated to, or deposited in, as applicable— ‘‘(i) programs for energy efficiency, renew-able energy, and nuclear at the Department of Energy; ‘‘(ii) the National Park Service Critical Maintenance and Revitalization Conserva-tion Fund established by section 104908 of title 54, United States Code, for use in ac-cordance with subsection (d) of that section; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.031 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S499 February 2, 2016 
‘‘(iii) the Secretary of Transportation to administer and award TIGER discretionary grants; and ‘‘(B) 37.5 percent of any qualified revenues in a special account in the Treasury from which the Secretary shall disburse amounts to the Atlantic States in accordance with paragraph (3). ‘‘(3) A
LLOCATION TO STATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subpara-graphs (B) and (C), effective for fiscal year 2017 and each fiscal year thereafter, the Sec-retary of the Treasury shall allocate the qualified revenues described in paragraph (2)(B) to each Atlantic State in amounts (based on a formula established by the Sec-retary, by regulation) that are inversely pro-portional to the respective distances be-tween— ‘‘(i) the point on the coastline of each At-lantic State that is closest to the geo-graphical center of the applicable leased tract; and ‘‘(ii) the geographical center of that leased tract. ‘‘(B) M
INIMUM ALLOCATION .—The amount allocated to an Atlantic State for each fiscal year under subparagraph (A) shall be not less than 10 percent of the amounts available under paragraph (2)(B). ‘‘(C) S
TATE ALLOCATION .—Of the amounts received by a State under subparagraph (A), the Atlantic State may use, at the discretion of the Governor of the State— ‘‘(i) 10 percent— ‘‘(I) to enhance State land and water con-servation efforts; ‘‘(II) to improve State public transpor-tation projects; ‘‘(III) to establish alternative, renewable, and clean energy production and generation within each State; and ‘‘(IV) to enhance beach nourishment and costal dredging; and ‘‘(ii) 2.5 percent to enhance geological and geophysical education for the energy future of the United States. ‘‘(4) T
IMING .—The amounts required to be deposited under paragraph (2) for the appli-cable fiscal year shall be made available in accordance with that paragraph during the fiscal year immediately following the appli-cable fiscal year.’’. (d) T
RIBAL RESILIENCE PROGRAM .— (1) D
EFINITION OF INDIAN TRIBE .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). (2) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish a program— (A) to improve the resilience of Indian tribes to the effects of a changing climate; (B) to support Native American leaders in building strong, resilient communities; and (C) to ensure the development of modern, cost-effective infrastructure. (3) G
RANTS .—Subject to the availability of appropriations and amounts in the Tribal Resilience Fund established by subsection (e)(1), in carrying out the program described in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall make adaptation grants, in amounts not to exceed $200,000,000 total per fiscal year, to Indian tribes for eligible activities described in paragraph (4). (4) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—An Indian tribe receiving a grant under paragraph (3) may only use grant funds for 1 or more of the fol-lowing eligible activities: (A) Development and delivery of adapta-tion training. (B) Adaptation planning, vulnerability as-sessments, emergency preparedness plan-ning, and monitoring. (C) Capacity building through travel sup-port for training, technical sessions, and co-operative management forums. (D) Travel support for participation in ocean and coastal planning. (E) Development of science-based informa-tion and tools to enable adaptive resource management and the ability to plan for resil-ience. (F) Relocation of villages or other commu-nities experiencing or susceptible to coastal or river erosion. (G) Construction of infrastructure to sup-port emergency evacuations. (H) Restoration or repair of infrastructure damaged by melting permafrost or coastal or river erosion. (I) Installation and management of energy systems that reduce energy costs and green-house gas emissions compared to the energy systems in use before that installation and management. (J) Construction and maintenance of social or cultural infrastructure that the Secretary determines supports resilience. (5) APPLICATIONS .—An Indian tribe desiring an adaptation grant under paragraph (3) shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require, including a description of the eligible activities to be undertaken using the grant. (6) C
APITAL PROJECTS .—Of amounts made available to carry out this program, not less than 90 percent shall be used for the engi-neering, design, and construction or imple-mentation of capital projects. (7) I
NTERAGENCY COOPERATION .—The Sec- retary and the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency shall establish under the White House Council on Native American Affairs an interagency subgroup on tribal resilience— (A) to work with Indian tribes to collect and share data and information, including traditional ecological knowledge, about how the effects of a changing climate are rel-evant to Indian tribes and Alaska Natives; and (B) to identify opportunities for the Fed-eral Government to improve collaboration and assist with adaptation and mitigation ef-forts that promote resilience. (8) T
RIBAL RESILIENCE LIAISON .—The Sec- retary shall establish a tribal resilience liai-son— (A) to coordinate with Indian tribes and relevant Federal agencies; and (B) to help ensure tribal engagement in cli-mate conversations at the Federal level. (e) T
RIBAL RESILIENCE FUND.— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury a fund, to be known as the ‘‘Tribal Resilience Fund’’ (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Fund’’). (2) D
EPOSITS .—The Fund shall consist of the following: (A) Amounts made available through an appropriation Act for deposit in the Fund. (B) Amounts deposited into the Fund under subsection (b)(2)(A) of section 9 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1338) (as added by subsection (b)(2)). (3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the amounts estimated by the Secretary to be deposited in the Fund under paragraph (2), there are authorized to be appropriated an-nually to the Fund out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated such amounts as are necessary to make the in-come of the Fund not more than $200,000,000 for fiscal year 2027 and each fiscal year thereafter. (B) A
VAILABILITY OF DEPOSITS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts deposited in the Fund under this paragraph shall remain available until expended, without fiscal year limitation. (ii) USE.—Amounts deposited in the Fund under this paragraph and made available for obligation or expenditure from the Fund may be obligated or expended only to carry out the Tribal Resilience Program under subsection (d). 
SA 3193. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 46ll. COMMUNITY AND SHARED SOLAR PROJECTS PRIZE. 
Section 1008 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16396) (as amended by section 4601) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(h) C
OMMUNITY AND SHARED SOLAR  P
ROJECTS PRIZE COMPETITION .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .— ‘‘(A) C
OMMUNITY SOLAR .—In this sub-section: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘community solar’ means a jointly owned or third-party owned shared solar photovoltaic system that allocates electricity to multiple businesses or households. ‘‘(ii) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘community solar’ does not include— ‘‘(I) a financing mechanism in which a se-curity holder has only an economic interest and does not use the energy; or ‘‘(II) a collective purchasing program in which community members buy separate photovoltaic systems collectively. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANT .—The term ‘eligi-ble applicant’ means— ‘‘(i) a utility; ‘‘(ii) a private business; ‘‘(iii) a nonprofit organization; or ‘‘(iv) a municipality. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORITY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, as part of the program carried out under this section, the Secretary shall estab-lish and award to eligible applicants com-petitive technology financial awards or rel-evant cash prizes for community solar project designs. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In awarding prizes under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall select in-novative community solar project designs that— ‘‘(i) increase access to solar energy; ‘‘(ii) reduce upfront costs for participants; ‘‘(iii) provide the greatest return on invest-ment; ‘‘(iv) can be replicated in other commu-nities; ‘‘(v) improve economies of scale; ‘‘(vi) create local jobs; and ‘‘(vii) provide local benefits through en-ergy diversification. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATION .—In awarding prizes under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall se-lect innovative community solar project de-signs that consider low- and moderate-in-come populations in the requirements de-scribed in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(4) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection such sums as are necessary.’’. 
SA 3194. Mrs. BOXER (for herself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.033 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES500 February 2, 2016 
MURKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. ALISO CANYON NATURAL GAS LEAK TASK FORCE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) on October 23, 2015, a natural gas leak was discovered at a well within the Aliso Canyon Natural Gas Storage Facility in Los Angeles County in the State of California, and as of January 27, 2016, attempts by the Southern California Gas Company (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Company’’) to stop the leak have not been successful; (2) the leak appears to be caused by dam-age to the well casing at approximately 500 feet underground; (3) the Company has attempted several times to plug the well, but as of January 28, 2016, those efforts have been unsuccessful; (4) many residents in the nearby commu-nity have reported adverse physical symp-toms including dizziness, nausea, and nosebleeds as a result of the natural gas leak, and the continuing emissions from the leak have resulted in the relocation of thou-sands of people away from their homes and livelihoods; (5) local schools have temporarily closed, many businesses have been negatively im-pacted, and regular public services such as mail delivery have also been disrupted; (6) more than 86,500,000 kilograms of meth-ane, a powerful greenhouse gas, have been emitted into the atmosphere, which is— (A) the equivalent of 2,200,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide; or (B) more greenhouse gas than 468,000 cars emit in 1 year; (7) agencies of the State of California issued an emergency order on December 10, 2015, prohibiting injection of natural gas into the Aliso Canyon Storage Facility until fur-ther authorization; and (8) on January 6, 2016, the Governor of the State of California declared a state of emer-gency for Los Angeles County due to the Aliso Canyon natural gas leak. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF TASK FORCE .—Not later than 15 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall lead and establish an Aliso Canyon Task Force (referred to in this section as the ‘‘task force’’). (c) M
EMBERSHIP OF TASKFORCE .—In addi- tion to the Secretary, the task force shall be composed of— (1) 1 representative from the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration; (2) 1 representative from the Department of Health and Human Services; (3) 1 representative from the Environ-mental Protection Agency; (4) 1 representative from the Department of the Interior; (5) 1 representative from the Department of Commerce; and (6) 1 representative from the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) F
INAL REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the task force shall submit a final report that contains the information described in sub-paragraph (B) to— (i) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; (ii) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; (iii) the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; (iv) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; (v) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (vi) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives; (vii) the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; (viii) the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives; (ix) the President; and (x) relevant Federal and State agencies. (B) INFORMATION INCLUDED .—The report submitted under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude, at a minimum— (i) an analysis and conclusion of the cause of the Aliso Canyon natural gas leak; (ii) an analysis of measures taken to stop the natural gas leak, with an immediate focus on other, more effective measures that could be taken; (iii) an assessment of the impact of the natural gas leak on health, safety, the envi-ronment, and the economy of the residents and property surrounding Aliso Canyon; (iv) an analysis of how Federal and State agencies responded to the natural gas leak; (v) in order to lessen the negative impacts of natural gas leaks, recommendations on how to improve— (I) the response to a future leak; and (II) coordination between all appropriate Federal, State, and local agencies in the re-sponse to the Aliso Canyon natural gas leak and future natural gas leaks; (vi) an analysis of the potential for a simi-lar natural gas leak to occur at other under-ground natural gas storage facilities in the United States; (vii) recommendations on how to prevent any future natural gas leaks; (viii) recommendations on whether to con-tinue operations at Aliso Canyon and other facilities in close proximity to residential populations based on an assessment of the risk of a future natural gas leak; (ix) a recommendation on information that is not currently collected but that would be in the public interest to collect and dis-tribute to agencies and institutions for the continued study and monitoring of natural gas infrastructure in the United States; (x) an analysis of the impact of the Aliso Canyon natural gas leak on wholesale and retail electricity prices; and (xi) an analysis of the impact of the Aliso Canyon natural gas leak on the reliability of the bulk-power system. (2) P
UBLICATION .—The final report under paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public in an electronically accessible format. (3) If, before the final report is submitted under paragraph (1) the task force finds methods to solve the natural gas leak at Aliso Canyon; better protect the affected communities; or finds methods to help pre-vent other leaks, they must immediately issue such findings to the same entities that are to receive the final report. (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary. 
SA 3195. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 44lll. KLAMATH PROJECT WATER AND POWER. 
(a) A DDRESSING WATER MANAGEMENT AND  P
OWER COSTS FOR IRRIGATION .—The Klamath Basin Water Supply Enhancement Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–498; 114 Stat. 2221) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating sections 4 through 6 as sections 5 through 7, respectively; and (2) by inserting after section 3 the fol-lowing: ‘‘SEC. 4. POWER AND WATER MANAGEMENT. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED POWER USE .—The term ‘cov-ered power use’ means a use of power to de-velop or manage water for irrigation, wild-life purposes, or drainage on land that is— ‘‘(A) associated with the Klamath Project, including land within a unit of the National Wildlife Refuge System that receives water due to the operation of Klamath Project fa-cilities; or ‘‘(B) irrigated by the class of users covered by the agreement dated April 30, 1956, be-tween the California Oregon Power Company and Klamath Basin Water Users Protective Association and within the Off Project Area (as defined in the Upper Basin Comprehen-sive Agreement entered into on April 18, 2014), only if each applicable owner and hold-er of a possessory interest of the land is a party to that agreement (or a successor agreement that the Secretary determines provides a comparable benefit to the United States). ‘‘(2) K
LAMATH PROJECT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘Klamath Project’ means the Bureau of Reclamation project in the States of California and Or-egon. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘Klamath Project’ includes any dams, canals, and other works and interests for water diver-sion, storage, delivery, and drainage, flood control, and similar functions that are part of the project described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) P
OWER COST BENCHMARK .—The term ‘power cost benchmark’ means the average net delivered cost of power for irrigation and drainage at Reclamation projects in the area surrounding the Klamath Project that are similarly situated to the Klamath Project, including Reclamation projects that— ‘‘(A) are located in the Pacific Northwest; and ‘‘(B) receive project-use power. ‘‘(b) W
ATER , ENVIRONMENTAL , AND POWER  A
CTIVITIES .—The Secretary may carry out any activities, including entering into an agreement or contract or otherwise making financial assistance available— ‘‘(1) to plan, implement, and administer programs to align water supplies and demand for irrigation water users associated with the Klamath Project, with a primary empha-sis on programs developed or endorsed by local entities comprised of representatives of those water users; ‘‘(2) to plan and implement activities and projects that— ‘‘(A) avoid or mitigate environmental ef-fects of irrigation activities; or ‘‘(B) restore habitats in the Klamath Basin watershed, including restoring tribal fishery resources held in trust; and ‘‘(3) to limit the net delivered cost of power for covered power uses. ‘‘(c) R
EDUCING POWER COSTS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, the Sec-retary, in consultation with interested irri-gation interests, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report that— ‘‘(A) identifies the power cost benchmark; and ‘‘(B) recommends actions that, in the judg-ment of the Secretary, are necessary and ap-propriate to ensure that the net delivered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.050 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S501 February 2, 2016 
power cost for covered power use is equal to or less than the power cost benchmark, in-cluding a description of— ‘‘(i) actions to immediately reduce power costs and to have the net delivered power cost for covered power use be equal to or less than the power cost benchmark in the near term, while longer-term actions are being implemented; ‘‘(ii) actions that prioritize water and power conservation and efficiency measures and, to the extent actions involving the de-velopment or acquisition of power genera-tion are included, renewable energy tech-nologies (including hydropower); ‘‘(iii) the potential costs and timeline for the actions recommended under this sub-paragraph; ‘‘(iv) provisions for modifying the actions and timeline to adapt to new information or circumstances; and ‘‘(v) a description of public input regarding the proposed actions, including input from water users that have covered power use and the degree to which those water users concur with the recommendations. ‘‘(2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of submission of the re-port under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall implement the recommendations described in the report, subject to availability of ap-propriations, on the fastest practicable timeline. ‘‘(3) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—The Secretary shall submit to each Committee described in para-graph (1) annual reports describing progress achieved in meeting the requirements of this subsection. ‘‘(d) T
REATMENT OF POWER PURCHASES .— Any purchase of power by the Secretary under this section shall be considered to be an authorized sale for purposes of section 5(b)(3) of the Pacific Northwest Electric Power Planning and Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 839c(b)(3)). ‘‘(e) G
OALS .—The goals of activities under subsections (b) and (c) shall include, as appli-cable— ‘‘(1) the short-term and long-term reduc-tion and resolution of conflicts relating to water in the Klamath Basin watershed; and ‘‘(2) compatibility and utility for resolving other natural resource conflicts, particularly through collaboratively developed agree-ments. ‘‘(f) P
UMPING PLANT D.—The Secretary may enter into 1 or more agreements with the Tulelake Irrigation District to reimburse the Tulelake Irrigation District for not more than 69 percent of the cost incurred by the Tulelake Irrigation District for the oper-ation and maintenance of Pumping Plant D.’’. (b) C
ONVEYANCE OF NON-PROJECT WATER ; R
EPLACEMENT OF C CANAL .— (1) D
EFINITION OF KLAMATH PROJECT .—In this subsection: (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Klamath Project’’ means the Bureau of Reclamation project in the States of California and Or-egon, as authorized under the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093). (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘Klamath Project’’ includes any dams, canals, and other works and interests for water diver-sion, storage, delivery, and drainage, flood control, and similar functions that are part of the project described in subparagraph (A). (2) C
ONVEYANCE OF NON -PROJECT WATER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An entity operating under a contract entered into with the United States for the operation and mainte-nance of Klamath Project works or facilities, and an entity operating any work or facility not owned by the United States that receives Klamath Project water, may use any of the Klamath Project works or facilities to con-vey non-Klamath Project water for any au-thorized purpose of the Klamath Project, subject to subparagraphs (B) and (C). (B) PERMITS ; MEASUREMENT .—An addition, conveyance, and use of water pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the re-quirements that— (i) the applicable entity shall secure all permits required under State or local laws; and (ii) all water delivered into, or taken out of, a Klamath Project facility pursuant to that subparagraph shall be measured. (C) E
FFECT .—A use of Klamath Project water under this paragraph shall not— (i) adversely affect the delivery of water to any water user or land served by the Klam-ath Project; or (ii) result in any additional cost to the United States. (3) R
EPLACEMENT OF C CANAL FLUME .—The replacement of the C Canal flume within the Klamath Project shall be considered to be, and shall receive the treatment authorized for, emergency extraordinary operation and maintenance work in accordance with Fed-eral reclamation law (the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), and Acts supple-mental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.)). 
SA 3196. Mr. KIRK submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. FEDERAL DISASTER FUNDING FOR RE-COVERY FROM LARGE-SCALE CYBER INCIDENTS. 
Section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or explo-sion’’ and inserting ‘‘explosion, or cyber inci-dent’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term ‘critical infrastructure’ has the meaning given the term in section 1016(e) of Public Law 107–56 (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e)). ‘‘(14) C
YBER INCIDENT .—The term ‘cyber in-cident’ means actions taken against critical infrastructure through the use of computer networks that result in a significant adverse effect on the provision of essential services (as described in section 427(a)(1)), which— ‘‘(A) lasts for a period of more than 24- hours; and ‘‘(B) affects the provision of essential serv-ices in more than 1 State.’’. 
SA 3197. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. M
IKULSKI , and Ms. H IRONO ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 157, strike line 24 and insert the following: tion. 
‘‘SEC. 225. CRITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUC-TURE AT GREATEST RISK. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; ‘‘(B) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(C) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and ‘‘(D) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) CRITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE .— The term ‘critical electric infrastructure’ means a system or asset of the bulk-power system, whether physical or virtual, the in-capacity or destruction of which would nega-tively affect national security, economic se-curity, public health or safety, or any com-bination of those matters. ‘‘(3) C
OVERED ENTITY .—The term ‘covered entity’ means an entity identified pursuant to section 9(a) of Executive Order 13636 of February 12, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 11742), relat-ing to identification of critical infrastruc-ture where a cybersecurity incident could reasonably result in catastrophic regional or national effects on public health or safety, economic security, or national security, that owns or operates critical electric infrastruc-ture. ‘‘(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Energy. ‘‘(b) M
ITIGATION STRATEGY REQUIRED FOR  C
RITICAL ELECTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE AT  G
REATEST RISK.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mission, in consultation with the Secretary and each covered entity, shall identify and propose prioritized, risk-based actions to mitigate cyber risk for each covered entity such that, to the greatest extent practicable, a cyber security incident affecting that cov-ered entity would be less likely to result in catastrophic regional or national effects on public health or safety, economic security, or national security, given current and pro-jected cyber risks. ‘‘(c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Commission has taken the actions required under sub-section (b), the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report describing— ‘‘(1) the current and projected cyber risks considered by the Commission; and ‘‘(2) a summary of the type of actions pro-posed by the Commission.’’. 
SA 3198. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. K
IRK) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 10ll. INCREASING WATER EFFICIENCY IN FEDERAL BUILDINGS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) ANSI-
ACCREDITED PLUMBING CODE .—The term ‘‘ANSI-accredited plumbing code’’ means a construction code for a plumbing system of a building that meets applicable codes established by the American National Standards Institute. (2) ANSI-
AUDITED DESIGNATOR .—The term ‘‘ANSI-audited designator’’ means an accred-ited developer that is recognized by the American National Standards Institute. (3) G
REEN PLUMBERS USA TRAINING PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘Green Plumbers USA training program’’ means the training and certification program teaching sustain-ability and water-savings practices that is established by the Green Plumbers organiza-tion. (4) H
ELMETS TO HARDHATS PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Helmets to Hardhats program’’ means 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.032 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES502 February 2, 2016 
the national, nonprofit program that con-nects National Guard, Reserve, retired, and transitioning active-duty military service members with skilled training and quality career opportunities in the construction in-dustry. (5) P
LUMBING EFFICIENCY RESEARCH COALI -
TION.—The term ‘‘Plumbing Efficiency Re-search Coalition’’ means the industry coali-tion comprised of plumbing manufacturers, code developers, plumbing engineers, and water efficiency experts established to ad-vance plumbing research initiatives that support the development of water efficiency and sustainable plumbing products, systems, and practices. (b) W
ATER EFFICIENCY STANDARDS .—The Secretary shall work with ANSI-audited des-ignators to promote the implementation and use in the construction of Federal building of plumbing products, systems, and practices that meet standards and codes that achieve the highest level of water efficiency and con-servation practicable consistent with con-struction budgets and the goals of Executive Order 13514 (42 U.S.C. 4321 note; relating to Federal leadership in environmental, energy, and economic performance), including— (1) the most recent version of the ANSI-ac-credited plumbing code; and (2) if no ANSI-accredited plumbing code ex-ists, alternative plumbing standards and codes established by the Secretary. (c) T
RAINING PROGRAMS .—The Secretary shall work with nationally recognized plumbing training programs that meet appli-cable plumbing licensing requirements to provide competency training for individuals who install and repair plumbing systems in Federal and other buildings, including— (1) the Helmets to Hardhats training pro-gram; and (2) the Green Plumbers USA training pro-gram. (d) W
ATER EFFICIENCY RESEARCH .—The Secretary shall promote plumbing research that increases water efficiency and conserva-tion in plumbing products, systems, and practices used in Federal and other buildings and reduces the unintended consequences of reduced flows in the building drains and water supply systems of the United States, which may include working with the Andrew W. Breidenbach Environmental Research Center and the Plumbing Efficiency Re-search Coalition— (1) to provide and exchange experts to con-duct water efficiency and conservation plumbing-related studies; (2) to assist in creating public awareness of reports of the Plumbing Efficiency Research Coalition; and (3) to provide financial assistance if appli-cable and available. 
SA 3199. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 10ll. 
(a) U SE OF FUNDS .—Section 544 of the En-ergy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17154) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘An eligible entity’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—An eligible entity’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) P
RIORITY .—An eligible entity receiv-ing a grant under this subtitle shall prioritize projects that use LED lighting, solar electricity generating, or energy effi-ciency building technologies at buildings and facilities within the jurisdiction of the eligi-ble entity.’’. (b) REVIEW AND EVALUATION .—Section 547 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17157) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) P
ROCUREMENT IMPROVEMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary, in con-sultation with eligible entities, shall revise the grant and procurement practices of the Department of Energy to ensure the most ef-fective allocation and use of the funds made available under section 548.’’. (c) F
UNDING .—Section 548(a) of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17158(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2008 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2020’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-graphs (A) through (C) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; and ‘‘(B) $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2020.’’. 
SA 3200. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-self, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. S CHATZ , and Mr. S
ANDERS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING ACTIVITIES OF CERTAIN COMPA-NIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING TO-
BACCO COMPANIES .—It is the sense of the Sen-ate that— (1) according to peer-reviewed scientific re-search and Federal courts, tobacco compa-nies have long known about the harmful health effects of their products; and (2) contrary to the scientific findings of the tobacco companies and of others about the danger tobacco poses to human health, to-bacco companies— (A) used a sophisticated and deceitful cam-paign that included funding think tanks to deny, counter, and obstruct peer-reviewed science; and (B) used that misinformation campaign to mislead the public and cast doubt in order to protect their financial interest. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING LEAD- 
RELATED MANUFACTURERS .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) according to peer-reviewed scientific re-search and State courts, the harmful effects of lead in paint and other products were known to the paint industry, gasoline manu-facturers, and lead producers throughout the 20th century; and (2) contrary to the scientific findings of those companies and of others about the dan-ger lead poses to human health, those com-panies— (A) used a sophisticated and deceitful cam-paign that included funding think tanks to deny, counter, and obstruct peer-reviewed re-search; and (B) used that misinformation campaign to mislead the public and cast doubt in order to protect their financial interest. (c) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING FOS-
SILFUELCOMPANIES .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) according to peer-reviewed scientific re-search and investigative reporting, fossil fuel companies have long known about the harmful climate effects of their products; and (2) contrary to the scientific findings of the fossil fuel companies and of others about the danger fossil fuels pose to the climate, fossil fuel companies— (A) used a sophisticated and deceitful cam-paign that included funding think tanks to deny, counter, and obstruct peer-reviewed re-search; and (B) used that misinformation campaign to mislead the public and cast doubt in order to protect their financial interest?. (d) SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING CER-
TAIN CORPORATIONS .—It is the sense of the Senate that the Senate— (1) disapproves of activities by certain cor-porations and organizations funded by those corporations to deliberately undermine peer- reviewed scientific research about the dan-gers of their products and cast doubt on science in order to protect their financial in-terests; and (2) urges fossil fuel companies to cooperate with active or future investigations into their climate-change related activities and what the companies knew and when they knew it. 
SA 3201. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 6001. INTERAGENCY TRANSFER OF LAND ALONG GEORGE WASHINGTON ME-MORIAL PARKWAY. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section: (1) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (2) R
ESEARCH CENTER .—The term ‘‘Re-search Center’’ means the Federal Highway Administration’s Turner-Fairbank Highway Research Center. (3) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map titled ‘‘George Washington Memorial Park-way—Claude Moore Farm Proposed Bound-ary Adjustment’’, numbered 850 l130815, and dated December 2015. (b) A
DMINISTRATIVE JURISDICTION TRANS -
FER.— (1) T
RANSFER OF JURISDICTION .—The Sec- retary and the Secretary of Transportation, as appropriate, are authorized to exchange administrative jurisdiction of— (A) approximately 0.342 acres of Federal land under the jurisdiction of the Depart-ment of the Interior within the boundary of the George Washington Memorial Parkway, generally depicted as ‘‘B’’ on the Map; and (B) the approximately 0.479 acres of Fed-eral land within the boundary of the Re-search Center land under the jurisdiction of the Department of Transportation adjacent to the boundary of the George Washington Memorial Parkway, generally depicted as ‘‘A’’ on the Map. (2) U
SE RESTRICTION .—The Secretary shall restrict the use of 0.139 acres of Federal land within the boundary of the George Wash-ington Memorial Parkway immediately adja-cent to part of the north perimeter fence of the Research Center, generally depicted as ‘‘C’’ on the Map, by prohibiting the storage, construction, or installation of any item that may obstruct the view from the Re-search Center into the George Washington Memorial Parkway. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.032 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S503 February 2, 2016 
(3) R EIMBURSEMENT OR CONSIDERATION .— The transfers of administrative jurisdiction under this section shall occur without reim-bursement or consideration. (4) C
OMPLIANCE WITH AGREEMENT .— (A) A
GREEMENT .—The National Park Serv-ice and the Federal Highway Administration shall comply with all terms and conditions of the Agreement entered into by the parties on September 11, 2002, regarding the transfer of administrative jurisdiction, management, and maintenance of the lands discussed in that Agreement. (B) A
CCESS TO RESTRICTED LAND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clauses (ii) and (iii), the Secretary shall allow the Research Center to access the land described in para-graph (1)(B) for purposes of maintenance in accordance with National Park Service standards, including grass mowing, weed control, tree maintenance, fence mainte-nance, and maintenance of the visual appear-ance of the land. (ii) P
RUNING AND REMOVAL OF TRESS .—No tree on the land described in paragraph (1)(B) that is 6 inches or more in diameter shall be pruned or removed without the advance writ-ten permission of the Secretary. (iii) P
ESTICIDES .—The use of pesticides on the land described in paragraph (1)(B) shall be approved in writing by the Secretary prior to application of the pesticides. (c) M
ANAGEMENT OF TRANSFERRED LANDS .— (1) I
NTERIOR LAND .—The Federal land transferred to the Secretary under this sec-tion shall be included in the boundaries of the George Washington Memorial Parkway and shall be administered by the National Park Service as part of the parkway subject to applicable laws and regulations. (2) T
RANSPORTATION LAND .—The Federal land transferred to the Secretary of Trans-portation under this section shall be in-cluded in the boundary of the Research Cen-ter and shall be removed from the boundary of parkway. (3) R
ESTRICTED -USE LAND .—The Federal land the Secretary has designated for re-stricted use under subsection (b)(2) shall be maintained by the Research Center. (d) M
AP ON FILE.—The Map shall be avail-able for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the National Park Service, Depart-ment of Interior. 
SA 3202. Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: Subtitle F—Housing 
SEC. 1501. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle, the following definitions shall apply: (1) C
OVERED LOAN .—The term ‘‘covered loan’’ means a loan secured by a home that is insured by the Federal Housing Adminis-tration under title II of the National Hous-ing Act (12 U.S.C. 1707 et seq.). (2) H
OMEOWNER .—The term ‘‘homeowner’’ means the mortgagor under a covered loan. (3) M
ORTGAGEE .—The term ‘‘mortgagee’’ means an original lender under a covered loan or the holder of a covered loan at the time at which that mortgage transaction is consummated. 
SEC. 1502. ENHANCED ENERGY EFFICIENCY UN-DERWRITING CRITERIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment shall, in consultation with the advi-sory group established in section 1505(c), de-velop and issue guidelines for the Federal Housing Administration to implement en-hanced loan eligibility requirements, for use when testing the ability of a loan applicant to repay a covered loan, that account for the expected energy cost savings for a loan appli-cant at a subject property, in the manner set forth in subsections (b) and (c). (b) REQUIREMENTS TO ACCOUNT FOR ENERGY  C
OSTSAVINGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The enhanced loan eligi-bility requirements under subsection (a) shall require that, for all covered loans for which an energy efficiency report is volun-tarily provided to the mortgagee by the homeowner, the Federal Housing Adminis-tration and the mortgagee shall take into consideration the estimated energy cost sav-ings expected for the owner of the subject property in determining whether the loan applicant has sufficient income to service the mortgage debt plus other regular ex-penses. (2) U
SE AS OFFSET .—To the extent that the Federal Housing Administration uses a test such as a debt-to-income test that includes certain regular expenses, such as hazard in-surance and property taxes— (A) the expected energy cost savings shall be included as an offset to these expenses; and (B) the Federal Housing Administration may not use the offset described in subpara-graph (A) to qualify a loan applicant for in-surance under title II of the National Hous-ing Act (12 U.S.C. 1707 et seq.) with respect to a loan that would not otherwise meet the re-quirements for such insurance. (3) T
YPES OF ENERGY COSTS .—Energy costs to be assessed under this subsection shall in-clude the cost of electricity, natural gas, oil, and any other fuel regularly used to supply energy to the subject property. (c) D
ETERMINATION OF ESTIMATED ENERGY  C
OSTSAVINGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The guidelines to be issued under subsection (a) shall include in-structions for the Federal Housing Adminis-tration to calculate estimated energy cost savings using— (A) the energy efficiency report; (B) an estimate of baseline average energy costs; and (C) additional sources of information as de-termined by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. (2) R
EPORT REQUIREMENTS .—For the pur-poses of paragraph (1), an energy efficiency report shall— (A) estimate the expected energy cost sav-ings specific to the subject property, based on specific information about the property; (B) be prepared in accordance with the guidelines to be issued under subsection (a); and (C) be prepared— (i) in accordance with the Residential En-ergy Service Network’s Home Energy Rating System (commonly known as ‘‘HERS’’) by an individual certified by the Residential En-ergy Service Network, unless the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development finds that the use of HERS does not further the purposes of this subtitle; (ii) in accordance with the Alaska Housing Finance Corporation energy rating system by an individual certified by the Alaska Housing Finance Corporation as an author-ized Energy Rater; or (iii) by other methods approved by the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development, in consultation with the Secretary and the advisory group established in section 1505(c), for use under this subtitle, which shall in-clude a third-party quality assurance proce-dure. (3) USE BY APPRAISER .—If an energy effi-ciency report is used under subsection (b), the energy efficiency report shall be pro-vided to the appraiser to estimate the energy efficiency of the subject property and for po-tential adjustments for energy efficiency. (d) P
RICING OF LOANS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal Housing Ad-ministration may price covered loans origi-nated under the enhanced loan eligibility re-quirements required under this section in ac-cordance with the estimated risk of the loans. (2) I
MPOSITION OF CERTAIN MATERIAL COSTS , 
IMPEDIMENTS , OR PENALTIES .—In the absence of a publicly disclosed analysis that dem-onstrates significant additional default risk or prepayment risk associated with the loans, the Federal Housing Administration shall not impose material costs, impedi-ments, or penalties on covered loans merely because the loan uses an energy efficiency report or the enhanced loan eligibility re-quirements required under this section. (e) L
IMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal Housing Ad-ministration may price covered loans origi-nated under the enhanced loan eligibility re-quirements required under this section in ac-cordance with the estimated risk of those loans. (2) P
ROHIBITED ACTIONS .—The Federal Housing Administration shall not— (A) modify existing underwriting criteria or adopt new underwriting criteria that in-tentionally negate or reduce the impact of the requirements or resulting benefits that are set forth or otherwise derived from the enhanced loan eligibility requirements re-quired under this section; or (B) impose greater buy back requirements, credit overlays, or insurance requirements, including private mortgage insurance, on covered loans merely because the loan uses an energy efficiency report or the enhanced loan eligibility requirements required under this section. (f) A
PPLICABILITY AND IMPLEMENTATION  D
ATE.—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and before Decem-ber 31, 2019, the enhanced loan eligibility re-quirements required under this section shall be implemented by the Federal Housing Ad-ministration to— (1) apply to any covered loan for the sale, or refinancing of any loan for the sale, of any home; (2) be available on any residential real property (including individual units of con-dominiums and cooperatives) that qualifies for a covered loan; and (3) provide prospective mortgagees with sufficient guidance and applicable tools to implement the required underwriting meth-ods. 
SEC. 1503. ENHANCED ENERGY EFFICIENCY UN-DERWRITING VALUATION GUIDE-LINES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment shall— (1) in consultation with the Federal Finan-cial Institutions Examination Council and the advisory group established in section 1505(c), develop and issue guidelines for the Federal Housing Administration to deter-mine the maximum permitted loan amount based on the value of the property for all covered loans made on properties with an en-ergy efficiency report that meets the re-quirements of section 1502(c)(2); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.034 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES504 February 2, 2016 
(2) in consultation with the Secretary, issue guidelines for the Federal Housing Ad-ministration to determine the estimated en-ergy savings under subsection (c) for prop-erties with an energy efficiency report. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The enhanced energy efficiency underwriting valuation guidelines required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a requirement that if an energy effi-ciency report that meets the requirements of section 1502(c)(2) is voluntarily provided to the mortgagee, such report shall be used by the mortgagee or the Federal Housing Ad-ministration to determine the estimated en-ergy savings of the subject property; and (2) a requirement that the estimated en-ergy savings of the subject property be added to the appraised value of the subject prop-erty by a mortgagee or the Federal Housing Administration for the purpose of deter-mining the loan-to-value ratio of the subject property, unless the appraisal includes the value of the overall energy efficiency of the subject property, using methods to be estab-lished under the guidelines issued under sub-section (a). (c) D
ETERMINATION OF ESTIMATED ENERGY  S
AVINGS .— (1) A
MOUNT OF ENERGY SAVINGS .—The amount of estimated energy savings shall be determined by calculating the difference be-tween the estimated energy costs for the av-erage comparable houses, as determined in guidelines to be issued under subsection (a), and the estimated energy costs for the sub-ject property based upon the energy effi-ciency report. (2) D
URATION OF ENERGY SAVINGS .—The du- ration of the estimated energy savings shall be based upon the estimated life of the appli-cable equipment, consistent with the rating system used to produce the energy efficiency report. (3) P
RESENT VALUE OF ENERGY SAVINGS .— The present value of the future savings shall be discounted using the average interest rate on conventional 30-year mortgages, in the manner directed by guidelines issued under subsection (a). (d) E
NSURING CONSIDERATION OF ENERGY  E
FFICIENT FEATURES .—Section 1110 of the Fi-nancial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 3339) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) that State certified and licensed ap-praisers have timely access, whenever prac-ticable, to information from the property owner and the lender that may be relevant in developing an opinion of value regarding the energy-saving improvements or features of a property, such as— ‘‘(A) labels or ratings of buildings; ‘‘(B) installed appliances, measures, sys-tems or technologies; ‘‘(C) blueprints; ‘‘(D) construction costs; ‘‘(E) financial or other incentives regard-ing energy-efficient components and systems installed in a property; ‘‘(F) utility bills; ‘‘(G) energy consumption and benchmarking data; and ‘‘(H) third-party verifications or represen-tations of energy and water efficiency per-formance of a property, observing all finan-cial privacy requirements adhered to by cer-tified and licensed appraisers, including sec-tion 501 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6801). Unless a property owner consents to a lend-er, an appraiser, in carrying out the require-ments of paragraph (4), shall not have access to the commercial or financial information of the owner that is privileged or confiden-tial.’’. (e) TRANSACTIONS REQUIRING STATE CER-
TIFIED APPRAISERS .—Section 1113 of the Fi-nancial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 3342) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, or any real prop-erty on which the appraiser makes adjust-ments using an energy efficiency report’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting after be-fore the period at the end the following: ‘‘, or an appraisal on which the appraiser makes adjustments using an energy efficiency re-port’’. (f) P
ROTECTIONS .— (1) A
UTHORITY TO IMPOSE LIMITATIONS .—The guidelines to be issued under subsection (a) shall include such limitations and conditions as determined by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to be necessary to protect against meaningful under or over valuation of energy cost savings or duplica-tive counting of energy efficiency features or energy cost savings in the valuation of any subject property that is used to determine a loan amount. (2) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—At the end of the 7-year period following the implementa-tion of enhanced eligibility and underwriting valuation requirements under this subtitle, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment may modify or apply additional excep-tions to the approach described in subsection (b), where the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development finds that the unadjusted appraisal will reflect an accurate market value of the efficiency of the subject property or that a modified approach will better reflect an accurate market value. (g) A
PPLICABILITY AND IMPLEMENTATION  D
ATE.—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and before Decem-ber 31, 2019, the Federal Housing Administra-tion shall implement the guidelines required under this section, which shall— (1) apply to any covered loan for the sale, or refinancing of any loan for the sale, of any home; and (2) be available on any residential real property, including individual units of con-dominiums and cooperatives, that qualifies for a covered loan. 
SEC. 1504. MONITORING. 
Not later than 1 year after the date on which the enhanced eligibility and under-writing valuation requirements are imple-mented under this subtitle, and every year thereafter, the Federal Housing Administra-tion shall issue and make available to the public a report that— (1) enumerates the number of covered loans of the Federal Housing Administration for which there was an energy efficiency report, and that used energy efficiency appraisal guidelines and enhanced loan eligibility re-quirements; (2) includes the default rates and rates of foreclosures for each category of loans; and (3) describes the risk premium, if any, that the Federal Housing Administration has priced into covered loans for which there was an energy efficiency report. 
SEC. 1505. RULEMAKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall prescribe regu-lations to carry out this subtitle, in con-sultation with the Secretary and the advi-sory group established in subsection (c), which may contain such classifications, dif-ferentiations, or other provisions, and may provide for such proper implementation and appropriate treatment of different types of transactions, as the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development determines are nec-essary or proper to effectuate the purposes of this subtitle, to prevent circumvention or evasion thereof, or to facilitate compliance therewith. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subtitle shall be construed to authorize the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment to require any homeowner or other party to provide energy efficiency reports, energy efficiency labels, or other disclosures to the Federal Housing Administration or to a mortgagee. (c) A
DVISORY GROUP .—To assist in carrying out this subtitle, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall establish an advisory group, consisting of individuals rep-resenting the interests of— (1) mortgage lenders; (2) appraisers; (3) energy raters and residential energy consumption experts; (4) energy efficiency organizations; (5) real estate agents; (6) home builders and remodelers; (7) consumer advocates; (8) State energy officials; and (9) others as determined by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. 
SEC. 1506. ADDITIONAL STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment shall reconvene the advisory group es-tablished in section 1505(c), in addition to water and locational efficiency experts, to advise the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development on the implementation of the enhanced energy efficiency underwriting cri-teria established in sections 1502 and 1503. (b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The advisory group established in section 1505(c) shall pro-vide recommendations to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development on any re-visions or additions to the enhanced energy efficiency underwriting criteria deemed nec-essary by the group, which may include al-ternate methods to better account for home energy costs and additional factors to ac-count for substantial and regular costs of homeownership such as location-based trans-portation costs and water costs. The Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development shall forward any legislative recommenda-tions from the advisory group to Congress for its consideration. 
SA 3203. Mr. COONS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 44ll. STUDY OF WAIVERS OF CERTAIN COST-SHARING REQUIREMENTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (1) complete a study on the ability of, and any actions before the date of enactment of this Act by, the Secretary to waive the cost- sharing requirement under section 988 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16352); and (2) based on the results of the study under paragraph (1), make recommendations to Congress for the issuance of, and factors that should be considered with respect to, waivers of the cost-sharing requirement by the Sec-retary. 
SA 3204. Mr. CARPER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.034 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S505 February 2, 2016 
amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: TITLE ll—PREVENTING RADIOLOGICAL TERRORISM ACT 
SEC. l001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Preventing Radiological Terrorism Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. l002. STRATEGY FOR SECURING HIGH AC-TIVITY RADIOLOGICAL SOURCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator for Nuclear Security shall— (1) in coordination with the Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the Secretary of Homeland Security, develop a strategy to enhance the security of all risk- significant radiological materials as soon as possible; and (2) not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report describing the strategy required by para-graph (1). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a)(2) shall include the following: (1) A description of activities of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration, on-going as of the date of the enactment of this Act— (A) to secure risk-significant radiological materials; and (B) to secure radiological materials and prevent the illicit trafficking of such mate-rials as part of the Global Nuclear Detection Architecture. (2) A list of any gaps in the legal authority of United States Government agencies need-ed to secure all risk-significant radiological materials. (3) An estimate of the cost of securing all risk-significant radiological materials. (4) A list, in the classified annex author-ized by subsection (c), of all locations where risk-significant radiological material is kept under conditions that fail to meet the en-hanced physical security standards promul-gated by the Office of Global Material Secu-rity of the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration. (c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form and shall include a classified annex. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources, the Committee on Environment and Public Works, and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. (2) R
ISK-SIGNIFICANT RADIOLOGICAL MATE -
RIAL.—The term ‘‘risk-significant radio-logical material’’ means category 1 and cat-egory 2 radioactive materials, as determined by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, lo-cated within the United States. (3) S
ECURE .—The terms ‘‘secure’’ and ‘‘se-curity’’, with respect to risk-significant radi-ological materials, refer to all activities to prevent terrorists from acquiring such sources, including enhanced physical secu-rity and tracking measures, removal and dis-posal of such sources that are not used, re-placement of such sources with nonradio-logical technologies where feasible, and de-tection of illicit trafficking of such sources. SEC. l003. PREVENTING TERRORIST ACCESS TO DOMESTIC RADIOLOGICAL SOURCES. 
(a) C OMMERCIAL LICENSES .—Section 103 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2133) is amended— (1) in subsection d., in the third sentence, by inserting ‘‘under a circumstance de-scribed in subsection g., or’’ after ‘‘within the United States’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘g. In addition to the limitations described in subsection d. and the limitations provided at the discretion of the Commission, the Commission shall not grant a license to any individual who is— ‘‘(1) listed in the terrorist screening data-base maintained by the Federal Government Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or ‘‘(2) convicted of any offense under any Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— ‘‘(A) engaging in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; ‘‘(B) providing material support or re-sources for terrorism; or ‘‘(C) the making of a terrorist threat or terroristic threat. ‘‘h. The Commission shall suspend imme-diately any license granted under this sec-tion if the Commission discovers that the li-censee is providing unescorted access to any employee who is— ‘‘(1) listed in the terrorist screening data-base maintained by the Federal Government Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or ‘‘(2) convicted of any offense under any Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— ‘‘(A) engaging in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; ‘‘(B) providing material support or re-sources for terrorism; or ‘‘(C) the making of a terrorist threat or terroristic threat. ‘‘i. The Commission may lift the suspen-sion of a license made pursuant to subsection h. if— ‘‘(1) the licensee has revoked unescorted access privileges to the employee; ‘‘(2) the licensee has alerted the appro-priate Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment offices of the provision and revocation of unescorted access to the employee; and ‘‘(3) the Commission has conducted a re-view of the security of the licensee and de-termined that reinstatement of the licensee would not be inimical to the national secu-rity interests of the United States.’’. (b) M
EDICAL THERAPY AND RESEARCH AND  D
EVELOPMENT .—Section 104 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2134) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection d., in the third sentence, by inserting ‘‘under a circumstance de-scribed in subsection e., or’’ after ‘‘within the United States’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘e. In addition to the limitations described in subsection d. and the limitations provided at the discretion of the Commission, the Commission shall not grant a license to any individual who is— ‘‘(1) listed in the terrorist screening data-base maintained by the Federal Government Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or ‘‘(2) convicted of any offense under any Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— ‘‘(A) engaging in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; ‘‘(B) providing material support or re-sources for terrorism; or ‘‘(C) the making of a terrorist threat or terroristic threat. ‘‘f. The Commission shall suspend imme-diately any license granted under this sec-tion if the Commission discovers that the li-censee is providing unescorted access to any employee who is— ‘‘(1) listed in the terrorist screening data-base maintained by the Federal Government Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or ‘‘(2) convicted of any offense under any Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— ‘‘(A) engaging in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; ‘‘(B) providing material support or re-sources for terrorism; or ‘‘(C) the making of a terrorist threat or terroristic threat. ‘‘g. The Commission may lift the suspen-sion of a license made pursuant to subsection f. if— ‘‘(1) the licensee has revoked unescorted access privileges to the employee; ‘‘(2) the licensee has alerted the appro-priate Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment offices of the provision and revocation of unescorted access to the employee; and ‘‘(3) the Commission has conducted a re-view of the security of the licensee and de-termined that reinstatement of the licensee would not be inimical to the national secu-rity interests of the United States.’’. (c) COOPERATION WITHSTATES .—Section 274 b. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2021(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (3) as subparagraphs (A) through (C), respec-tively, and indenting appropriately; (2) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘b. Ex-cept as’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘b. A
UTHORIZATION TO ENTER INTOAGREE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), except as’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall not enter into an agreement with the Gov-ernor of a State under paragraph (1) unless the Governor agrees that the State— ‘‘(i) shall not grant a license to any indi-vidual who is— ‘‘(I) listed in the terrorist screening data-base maintained by the Federal Government Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or ‘‘(II) convicted of any offense under any Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— ‘‘(aa) engaging in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; ‘‘(bb) providing material support or re-sources for terrorism; or ‘‘(cc) the making of a terrorist threat or terroristic threat; and ‘‘(ii) shall suspend the license of a licensee if the Commission or the State discovers that the licensee is providing unescorted ac-cess to any employee who is— ‘‘(I) listed in the terrorist screening data-base maintained by the Federal Government Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or ‘‘(II) convicted of any offense under any Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— ‘‘(aa) engaging in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; ‘‘(bb) providing material support or re-sources for terrorism; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.044 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES506 February 2, 2016 
‘‘(cc) the making of a terrorist threat or terroristic threat. ‘‘(B) E
XISTING AGREEMENTS .—With respect to a State with an agreement in effect as of the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Commission shall terminate the agreement pursuant to subsection j. unless the Gov-ernor of the State agrees that the State shall not grant a license to any individual who is— ‘‘(i) listed in the terrorist screening data-base maintained by the Federal Government Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or ‘‘(ii) convicted of any offense under any Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— ‘‘(I) engaging in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; ‘‘(II) providing material support or re-sources for terrorism; or ‘‘(III) the making of a terrorist threat or terroristic threat. ‘‘(C) S
USPENSION OF EXISTING AGREE -
MENTS .—With respect to a State with an agreement in effect as of the date of enact-ment of this paragraph, the Governor of the State shall suspend immediately any license granted by the State if the Commission or the State discovers that the licensee is pro-viding unescorted access to any employee who is— ‘‘(i) listed in the terrorist screening data-base maintained by the Federal Government Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or ‘‘(ii) convicted of any offense under any Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— ‘‘(I) engaging in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; ‘‘(II) providing material support or re-sources for terrorism; or ‘‘(III) the making of a terrorist threat or terroristic threat. ‘‘(D) L
IFTING OF SUSPENSION .—The Gov-ernor of the State may lift the suspension of a license made pursuant to subparagraph (A)(ii) or subparagraph (C) if— ‘‘(i) the licensee has revoked unescorted access privileges to the employee; ‘‘(ii) the licensee has alerted the appro-priate Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment offices of the provision and revocation of unescorted access to the employee; and ‘‘(iii) the Commission has conducted a re-view of the security of the licensee and de-termined that reinstatement of the licensee would not be inimical to the national secu-rity interests of the United States. ‘‘(E) T
ERMINATION .—If the Governor of a State does not suspend a license under sub-paragraph (A)(ii) or subparagraph (C), the Commission shall suspend the agreement with the Governor of the State until the Governor of the State suspends the license.’’. 
SEC. l004. OUTREACH TO STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES ON RADIOLOGICAL THREATS. 
Section 201(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(26)(A) Not later than every 2 years, the Secretary shall submit a written certifi-cation to Congress that field staff of the De-partment have briefed State and local law enforcement representatives about radio-logical security threats. ‘‘(B) A briefing conducted under subpara-graph (A) shall include information on— ‘‘(i) the presence and current security sta-tus of all risk-significant radiological mate-rials housed within the jurisdiction of the law enforcement agency being briefed; ‘‘(ii) the threat that risk-significant radio-logical materials could pose to their commu-nities and to the national security of the United States if these sources were lost, sto-len or subject to sabotage by criminal or ter-rorist actors; and ‘‘(iii) guidelines and best pest practices for mitigating the impact of emergencies involv-ing risk-significant radiological materials. ‘‘(C) The National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration, the Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, and Federal law enforcement agen-cies shall provide information to the Depart-ment in order for the Department to submit the written certification described in sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(D) A written certification described in subparagraph (A) shall include a report on the activity of the field staff of the Depart-ment to brief State and local law enforce-ment representatives, including, as provided to field staff of the Department by State and local law enforcement agencies— ‘‘(i) an aggregation of incidents regarding radiological material; and ‘‘(ii) information on current activities un-dertaken to address the vulnerabilities of these risk-significant radiological materials. ‘‘(E) In this paragraph, the term ‘risk-sig-nificant radiological material’ means cat-egory 1 and category 2 radioactive materials, as determined by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, located within the United States.’’. SA 3205. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 196, between lines 7 and 8, insert the following: (d) G
EOMATIC DATA.—If a Federal or State department or agency considering an aspect of an application for Federal authorization requires the applicant to submit environ-mental data, the department or agency shall consider any such data gathered by geomatic techniques, including tools and techniques used in land surveying, remote sensing, car-tography, geographic information systems, global navigation satellite systems, photo-grammetry, geophysics, geography, or other remote means. 
SA 3206. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 44lll. AUTHORITY TO MAKE ENTIRE AC-TIVE CAPACITY OF FONTENELLE RESERVOIR AVAILABLE FOR USE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the In-terior, in cooperation with the State of Wyo-ming, may amend the Definite Plan Report for the Seedskadee Project authorized under the first section of the Act of April 11, 1956 (commonly known as the ‘‘Colorado River Storage Project Act’’) (43 U.S.C. 620), to pro-vide for the study, design, planning, and con-struction activities that will enable the use of all active storage capacity (as may be de-fined or limited by legal, hydrologic, struc-tural, engineering, economic, and environ-mental considerations) of Fontenelle Dam and Reservoir, including the placement of sufficient riprap on the upstream face of Fontenelle Dam to allow the active storage capacity of Fontenelle Reservoir to be used for those purposes for which the Seedskadee Project was authorized. (b) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior may enter into any contract, grant, co-operative agreement, or other agreement that is necessary to carry out subsection (a). (2) S
TATE OF WYOMING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the In-terior shall enter into a cooperative agree-ment with the State of Wyoming to work in cooperation and collaboratively with the State of Wyoming for planning, design, re-lated preconstruction activities, and con-struction of any modification of the Fontenelle Dam under subsection (a). (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The cooperative agreement under subparagraph (A) shall, at a minimum, specify the responsibilities of the Secretary of the Interior and the State of Wyoming with respect to— (i) completing the planning and final de-sign of the modification of the Fontenelle Dam under subsection (a); (ii) any environmental and cultural re-source compliance activities required for the modification of the Fontenelle Dam under subsection (a) including compliance with— (I) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (II) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and (III) subdivision 2 of division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code; and (iii) the construction of the modification of the Fontenelle Dam under subsection (a). (c) F
UNDING BY STATE OF WYOMING .—Pursu- ant to the Act of March 4, 1921 (41 Stat. 1404, chapter 161; 43 U.S.C. 395), and as a condition of providing any additional storage under subsection (a), the State of Wyoming shall provide to the Secretary of the Interior funds for any work carried out under sub-section (a). (d) O
THER CONTRACTING AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior may enter into contracts with the State of Wyoming, on such terms and conditions as the Secretary of the Interior and the State of Wyoming may agree, for division of any additional active capacity made available under subsection (a). (2) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Unless other-wise agreed to by the Secretary of the Inte-rior and the State of Wyoming, a contract entered into under paragraph (1) shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Bu-reau of Reclamation Contract No. 14–06–400– 2474 and Bureau of Reclamation Contract No. 14–06–400–6193. (e) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .—Unless expressly provided in this section, nothing in this sec-tion modifies, conflicts with, preempts, or otherwise affects— (1) the Act of December 31, 1928 (43 U.S.C. 617 et seq.) (commonly known as the ‘‘Boul-der Canyon Project Act’’); (2) the Colorado River Compact of 1922, as approved by the Presidential Proclamation of June 25, 1929 (46 Stat. 3000); (3) the Act of July 19, 1940 (43 U.S.C. 618 et seq.) (commonly known as the ‘‘Boulder Can-yon Project Adjustment Act’’); (4) the Treaty between the United States of America and Mexico relating to the utiliza-tion of waters of the Colorado and Tijuana Rivers and of the Rio Grande, and supple-mentary protocol signed November 14, 1944, signed at Washington February 3, 1944 (59 Stat. 1219); (5) the Upper Colorado River Basin Com-pact as consented to by the Act of April 6, 1949 (63 Stat. 31); (6) the Act of April 11, 1956 (commonly known as the ‘‘Colorado River Storage Project Act’’) (43 U.S.C. 620 et seq.); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.044 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S507 February 2, 2016 
(7) the Colorado River Basin Project Act (Public Law 90–537; 82 Stat. 885); or (8) any State of Wyoming or other State water law. 
SA 3207. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. GROUND-LEVEL OZONE STANDARDS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including regulations), in implementing the final rule entitled ‘‘National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 65292 (October 26, 2015)), the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency— (1) shall not implement or enforce a na-tional primary or secondary ambient air quality standard for ozone that is lower than the standard established under section 50.15 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on January 1, 2015), until at least 85 percent of the counties that were nonattain-ment areas under that standard as of Janu-ary 30, 2015, achieve full compliance with that standard; and (2) shall only consider all or part of a coun-ty to be a nonattainment area under the standard on the basis of direct air quality monitoring. 
SA 3208. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. INDEPENDENT RELIABILITY ANAL-YSIS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LECTRIC RELIABILITY ORGANIZATION .— The term ‘‘Electric Reliability Organiza-tion’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 215(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o(a)). (2) F
INAL RULE .—The term ‘‘final rule’’ means the final rule of the Administrator en-titled ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guide-lines for Existing Stationary Sources: Elec-tric Utility Generating Units’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 64662 (October 23, 2015)). (b) R
ELIABILITY ANALYSIS REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the final rule shall not go into effect until the date on which the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the Electric Reliability Organization jointly conduct an independent reliability analysis of the final rule to evaluate anticipated ef-fects of implementation and enforcement of the final rule on— (A) electric reliability and resource ade-quacy; (B) the electricity generation portfolio of the United States; (C) the operation of wholesale electricity markets; and (D) energy delivery and infrastructure, in-cluding electric transmission facilities and natural gas pipelines. (2) A
NALYSES FROM OTHER ENTITIES .—The Electric Reliability Organization, regional entities, regional transmission organiza-tions, independent system operators, and other reliability coordinators and planning authorities shall timely conduct analyses and provide such information as may be rea-sonably requested by the Commission. (3) AVAILABILITY .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission shall submit to Congress and make publicly available— (A) the reliability analysis described in paragraph (1); and (B) any relevant special assessment or sea-sonal or long-term reliability assessment completed by the Electric Reliability Orga-nization. 
SA 3209. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REPEAL OF CREDIT FOR ELEC-TRICITY PRODUCED FROM CERTAIN RENEWABLE RESOURCES. 
(a) R EPEAL OF CREDIT .— (1) R
EPEAL OF CERTAIN QUALIFIED ENERGY  
RESOURCES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 45 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (i) in subsection (c)— (I) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-graphs (B) through (I), and (II) by striking paragraphs (2) through (10), and (ii) in subsection (d), by striking para-graphs (2) through (11). (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this paragraph shall apply to elec-tricity, and refined coal, produced and sold after December 31, 2026. (2) R
EPEAL OF CREDIT FOR WIND FACILITIES  
AND ELIMINATION OF SECTION 45 OF THE INTER -
NAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking section 45 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such subpart). (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) Section 38 of such Code is amended— (I) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph (8), and (II) in subsection (c)(4)(B), by striking clause (iii). (ii) Section 45J of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(f) R
EFERENCES TO SECTION 45.—Any ref-erence in this section to any provision of sec-tion 45 shall be treated as a reference to such provision as in effect immediately before its repeal.’’. (iii) Section 45K(g)(2) of such Code is amended by striking subparagraph (E). (iv) Section 48 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(e) R
EFERENCES TO SECTION 45.—Any ref-erence in this section to any provision of sec-tion 45 shall be treated as a reference to such provision as in effect immediately before its repeal.’’. (v) Section 54(d)(2)(A) of such Code is amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect imme-diately before its repeal)’’ after ‘‘section 45(d)’’. (vi) Section 54C(d)(1) of such Code is amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect imme-diately before its repeal)’’ after ‘‘section 45(d)’’. (vii) Section 54D(f)(1)(A)(iv) of such Code is amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect imme-diately before its repeal)’’ after ‘‘section 45(d)’’. (viii) Section 55(c)(1) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘45(e)(11)(C),’’. (C) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this paragraph shall take effect on January 1, 2032. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING FUR-
THER EXTENSION .—It is the sense of the Con-gress that the credit under section 45 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 should be al-lowed to expire and should not be extended beyond the expiration dates specified in such section as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 3210. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 426, after line 23, add the fol-lowing: (e) C
ERTAIN LAND ACQUISITION REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 200306 of title 54, United States Code (as amended by subsection (d)), is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) N
ON-ROAD DEFERRED MAINTENANCE  B
ACKLOG .—If the non-road deferred mainte-nance backlog on Federal land is greater than $1,000,000,000, acquisitions of land under this section may not exceed the level of de-ferred maintenance backlog funding. ‘‘(f) M
AINTENANCE NEEDS .—In making an acquisition of land under this section, funds appropriated for the acquisition shall in-clude any funds necessary to address mainte-nance needs at the time of acquisition on the acquired land. ‘‘(g) C
ONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL OF CERTAIN  L
AND ACQUISITIONS .—For any acquisition of land under this section for which the cost of the land is greater than $50,000 per acre— ‘‘(1) before acquiring the land, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report that describes the land proposed to be acquired; and ‘‘(2) no acquisition may be made unless the proposed acquisition is— ‘‘(A) reported to Congress in accordance with paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) approved by the enactment of a bill or joint resolution.’’. 
SA 3211. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. WAIVER OF JONES ACT REQUIRE-MENTS FOR OIL AND GASOLINE TANKERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 12112 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘A coast-wise’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (b), a coastwise’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) W
AIVER FOR OIL, GASOLINE , ANDLIQUE-
FIED NATURAL GASTANKERS .—The require-ments of subsection (a) shall not apply to an oil, gasoline, or liquefied natural gas tanker vessel or barge and a coastwise endorsement may be issued for any such tanker vessel or barge that otherwise qualifies under the laws 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.044 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES508 February 2, 2016 
of the United States to engage in the coast-wise trade.’’. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the United States Coast Guard shall issue regulations to implement the amendments made by subsection (a). Such regulations shall require that an oil, gasoline, or liquefied natural gas tanker ves-sel or barge permitted to engaged in the coastwise trade pursuant to subsection (b) of section 12112 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), meets all ap-propriate safety and security requirements. 
SA 3212. Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. B ENNET , and Mr. R ISCH) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 244, between lines 13 and 14, insert the following: Subpart B—Development of Geothermal, Solar, and Wind Energy on Public Land 
SEC. 3011A. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subpart: (1) C
OVERED LAND .—The term ‘‘covered land’’ means land that is— (A) public land administered by the Sec-retary; and (B) not excluded from the development of geothermal, solar, or wind energy under— (i) a land use plan established under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); or (ii) other Federal law. (2) E
XCLUSION AREA .—The term ‘‘exclusion area’’ means covered land that is identified by the Bureau of Land Management as not suitable for development of renewable en-ergy projects. (3) P
RIORITY AREA .—The term ‘‘priority area’’ means covered land identified by the land use planning process of the Bureau of Land Management as being a preferred loca-tion for a renewable energy project. (4) P
UBLIC LAND .—The term ‘‘public land’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘public lands’’ in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702). (5) R
ENEWABLE ENERGY PROJECT .—The term ‘‘renewable energy project’’ means a project carried out on covered land that uses wind, solar, or geothermal energy to generate en-ergy. (6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (7) V
ARIANCE AREA .—The term ‘‘variance area’’ means covered land that is— (A) not an exclusion area; and (B) not a priority area. 
SEC. 3011B. LAND USE PLANNING; SUPPLEMENTS TO PROGRAMMATIC ENVIRON-MENTAL IMPACT STATEMENTS. 
(a) P RIORITY AREAS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Energy, shall establish priority areas on covered land for geothermal, solar, and wind energy projects. (2) D
EADLINE .— (A) G
EOTHERMAL ENERGY .—For geothermal energy, the Secretary shall establish priority areas as soon as practicable, but not later than 5 years, after the date of enactment of this Act. (B) S
OLAR ENERGY .—For solar energy, the solar energy zones established by the 2012 western solar plan of the Bureau of Land Management shall be considered to be pri-ority areas for solar energy projects. (C) WIND ENERGY .—For wind energy, the Secretary shall establish priority areas as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 years, after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) V
ARIANCE AREAS .—To the maximum ex-tent practicable, variance areas shall be con-sidered for renewable energy project develop-ment, consistent with the principles of mul-tiple use as defined in the Federal Land Pol-icy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (c) R
EVIEW AND MODIFICATION .—Not less frequently than once every 10 years, the Sec-retary shall— (1) review the adequacy of land allocations for geothermal, solar, and wind energy pri-ority and variance areas for the purpose of encouraging new renewable energy develop-ment opportunities; and (2) based on the review carried out under paragraph (1), add, modify, or eliminate pri-ority, variance, and exclusion areas. (d) C
OMPLIANCE WITH THE NATIONAL ENVI-
RONMENTAL POLICY ACT.—For purposes of this section, compliance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) shall be accomplished— (1) for geothermal energy, by supplementing the October 2008 final pro-grammatic environmental impact statement for geothermal leasing in the western United States; (2) for solar energy, by supplementing the July 2012 final programmatic environmental impact statement for solar energy projects; and (3) for wind energy, by supplementing the July 2005 final programmatic environmental impact statement for wind energy projects. (e) N
OEFFECT ON PROCESSING APPLICA -
TIONS .—A requirement to prepare a supple-ment to a programmatic environmental im-pact statement under this section shall not result in any delay in processing an applica-tion for a renewable energy project. (f) C
OORDINATION .—In developing a supple-ment required by this section, the Secretary shall coordinate, on an ongoing basis, with appropriate State, tribal, and local govern-ments, transmission infrastructure owners and operators, developers, and other appro-priate entities to ensure that priority areas identified by the Secretary are— (1) economically viable (including having access to transmission); (2) likely to avoid or minimize conflict with habitat for animals and plants, recre-ation, and other uses of covered land; and (3) consistent with section 202 of the Fed-eral Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712), including subsection (c)(9) of that section. (g) R
EMOVAL FROM CLASSIFICATION .—In carrying out subsections (a), (c), and (d), if the Secretary determines an area previously suited for development should be removed from priority or variance classification, not later than 90 days after the date of the deter-mination, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a report on the determination. 
SEC. 3011C. ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW ON COV-ERED LAND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines that a proposed renewable energy project has been sufficiently analyzed by a programmatic environmental impact state-ment conducted under section 3011B(d), the Secretary shall not require any additional review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (b) A
DDITIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW .— If the Secretary determines that additional environmental review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) is necessary for a proposed re-newable energy project, the Secretary shall rely on the analysis in the programmatic en-vironmental impact statement conducted under section 3011B(d), to the maximum ex-tent practicable when analyzing the poten-tial impacts of the project. SEC. 3011D. PROGRAM TO IMPROVE RENEWABLE ENERGY PROJECT PERMIT COORDI-NATION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish a program to improve Federal per-mit coordination with respect to renewable energy projects on covered land. (b) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall enter into a memorandum of understanding for purposes of this section, including to specifically expedite the envi-ronmental analysis of applications for projects proposed in a variance area, with— (A) the Secretary of Agriculture; and (B) the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works. (2) S
TATE PARTICIPATION .—The Secretary may request the Governor of any interested State to be a signatory to the memorandum of understanding under paragraph (1). (c) D
ESIGNATION OF QUALIFIED STAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the memorandum of understanding under subsection (b) is exe-cuted, all Federal signatories, as appro-priate, shall identify for each of the Bureau of Land Management Renewable Energy Co-ordination Offices an employee who has ex-pertise in the regulatory issues relating to the office in which the employee is em-ployed, including, as applicable, particular expertise in— (A) consultation regarding, and prepara-tion of, biological opinions under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536); (B) permits under section 404 of Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344); (C) regulatory matters under the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.); (D) planning under section 14 of the Na-tional Forest Management Act of 1976 (16 U.S.C. 472a); (E) the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); (F) the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.); and (G) the preparation of analyses under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (2) D
UTIES .—Each employee assigned under paragraph (1) shall— (A) be responsible for addressing all issues relating to the jurisdiction of the home of-fice or agency of the employee; and (B) participate as part of the team of per-sonnel working on proposed energy projects, planning, monitoring, inspection, enforce-ment, and environmental analyses. (d) A
DDITIONAL PERSONNEL .—The Secretary may assign additional personnel for the re-newable energy coordination offices as are necessary to ensure the effective implemen-tation of any programs administered by those offices, including inspection and en-forcement relating to renewable energy project development on covered land, in ac-cordance with the multiple use mandate of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (e) R
ENEWABLE ENERGY COORDINATION OF-
FICES .—In implementing the program estab-lished under this section, the Secretary may establish additional renewable energy co-ordination offices or temporarily assign the qualified staff described in subsection (c) to a State, district, or field office of the Bureau of Land Management to expedite the permit-ting of renewable energy projects, as the Secretary determines to be necessary. (f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than February 1 of the first fiscal year beginning after the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.042 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S509 February 2, 2016 
date of enactment of this Act, and each Feb-ruary 1 thereafter, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report describing the progress made pursuant to the program under this subpart during the preceding year. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—Each report under this subsection shall include— (A) projections for renewable energy pro-duction and capacity installations; and (B) a description of any problems relating to leasing, permitting, siting, or production. On page 244, line 14, strike ‘‘ Subpart B’’ and insert ‘‘Subpart C’’. 
SA 3213. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title II, insert the following: 
SEC. 23ll. REPORT ON USING SMART TECH-NOLOGIES TO ADVANCE ENERGY EF-FICIENCY AND GRID MODERNIZA-TION. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committees on Energy and Nat-ural Resource and Finance of the Senate and the Committees on Natural Resources and Financial Services of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that includes rec-ommendations of the Secretary regarding measures (including measures to be enacted by Congress) that could be carried out throughout the United States to use smart technologies to advance energy efficiency and grid modernization in the 21st century energy economy, unless a similar report and recommendations are included in a separate analysis prepared and submitted to Congress by not later than 1 year after that date of en-actment, such as the Quadrennial Energy Review under section 801 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7321) (as amended by section 4402(a)). 
SA 3214. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 44lll. ENERGY EMERGENCY RESPONSE EFFORTS OF THE DEPARTMENT. 
(a) C ONGRESSIONAL DECLARATION OF PUR-
POSE.—Section 102 of the Department of En-ergy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7112) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(20) To facilitate the development and im-plementation of a strategy for responding to energy infrastructure and supply emer-gencies through— ‘‘(A) continuously monitoring and pub-lishing information on the energy delivery and supply infrastructure of the United States, including electricity, liquid fuels, natural gas, and coal; ‘‘(B) managing Federal strategic energy re-serves; ‘‘(C) advising national leadership during emergencies on ways to respond to and mini-mize energy disruptions; and ‘‘(D) working with Federal agencies and State and local governments— ‘‘(i) to enhance energy emergency pre-paredness; and ‘‘(ii) to respond to and mitigate energy emergencies.’’. (b) UNDER SECRETARY FOR SCIENCE AND EN-
ERGY .—Section 202(b)(4) of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7132(b)(4)) (as amended by section 4404(a)(3)) is amend-ed, in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘and applied energy’’ before ‘‘programs of the’’. (c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF ASSISTANT SECRE -
TARIES .—Section 203(a) of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7133(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) Emergency response functions, in-cluding assistance in the prevention of, or in the response to, an emergency disruption of energy supply, transmission, and distribu-tion.’’. 
SA 3215. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 44ll. EXEMPTION FROM COST-SHARING REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 988 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16352) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) E
XEMPTION .—The Secretary may ex-empt from the requirements of subsection (b) a small business concern (as defined in sec-tion 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)) that is eligible to receive an award under the SBIR program (as defined in sec-tion 9(e) of that Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e))) of the Department.’’. 
SA 3216. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. V
ITTER , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 3602 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3602. ENERGY WORKFORCE PILOT GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) G RANTS FOR JOBTRAINING AND EDU-
CATION PROGRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Education, and the Secretary of Transportation, shall establish a pilot program to award grants on a com-petitive basis to eligible entities for job training and education programs that lead to an industry-recognized credential. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION GRANTS .—The Sec-retary may award grants, to nonprofit orga-nizations with a track record of at least 10 years of expertise in working with commu-nity colleges on developing workforce devel-opment programs, to provide assistance to the Secretary in implementing the require-ments of this section, including developing the grant program described in paragraph (1). (b) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive a grant under subsection (a)(1), an entity shall be a public organization or a consortium of public organizations that— (1) includes an advisory board with propor-tional participation, as determined by the Secretary, of relevant organizations, includ-ing representatives from— (A) relevant energy industry organizations, including public and private employers; (B) labor organizations; (C) postsecondary education organizations; and (D) workforce development boards; (2) demonstrates experience in imple-menting and operating job training and edu-cation programs; (3) demonstrates the ability to recruit indi-viduals who plan to work in the energy in-dustries, and support those individuals in the successful completion of relevant job train-ing and education programs; and (4) provides students who complete the pro-posed job training and education program with an industry-recognized credential. (c) APPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity desir-ing a grant under subsection (1)(1) shall sub-mit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require, including a description of the proposed pro-gram leading to the industry-recognized cre-dential. (d) P
RIORITY .—In selecting eligible entities to receive grants under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall prioritize an applicant that— (1) provides the job training and education program through— (A) a community college or institution of higher education that includes basic science and math education in the curriculum of the community college or institution of higher education; or (B) an apprenticeship program registered with the Department of Labor or a State; (2) works with the Secretary of Defense or a veterans organization to transition mem-bers of the Armed Forces and veterans to ca-reers in the energy sector; (3) works with an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)); (4) applies as a State or regional consor-tium, providing the job training and edu-cation program through a community col-lege or institution of higher education de-scribed in paragraph (1), to leverage best practices already available in the State or region in which the community college or in-stitution of higher education is located; (5) is a consortium that includes a State- supported entity; (6) includes an apprenticeship program reg-istered with the Department of Labor or a State as part of the job training and edu-cation program; (7) provides support services and career coaching; (8) provides introductory energy workforce development activities; (9) works with minority-serving institu-tions to provide job training to increase the number of skilled minorities and women in the energy sector; (10) provides job training for displaced and unemployed workers in the energy sector; (11) establishes a community college or 2- year technical college-based ‘‘Center of Ex-cellence’’ for an energy and maritime work-force technical training program, such as a program of a community college located in a coastal area; (12) is located in close proximity to marine or port facilities in the Gulf of Mexico, At-lantic Ocean, Pacific Ocean, or Great Lakes; or (13) has established associations with— (A) port authorities or other established seaport or inland port facilities; and (B) appropriate Federal agencies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.042 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES510 February 2, 2016 
(e) A DDITIONAL CONSIDERATION .—In making grants under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall consider regional diversity. (f) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATIONS .—An eligi- ble entity may not submit, either individ-ually or as part of a joint application, more than 1 application for a grant under sub-section (a)(1) during any 1 fiscal year. (g) L
IMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF GRANT .— The amount of an individual grant under subsection (a)(1) for any 1 year shall not ex-ceed $1,000,000. (h) C
OSTSHARING .— (1) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of a job training and education pro-gram carried out using a grant under sub-section (a)(1) shall be not greater than 65 percent. (2) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not less than 50 percent of the non-Federal share of the cost of a job training and education program carried out using a grant under subsection (a)(1) shall be provided in cash. (B) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 50 percent of the non-Federal contribution of the cost of a job training and education program car-ried out using a grant under subsection (a)(1) shall be in kind, fairly evaluated, including plant, equipment, or services. (i) R
EDUCTION OF DUPLICATION .—Prior to submitting an application for a grant under subsection (a)(1), each applicant shall con-sult with the appropriate Federal agencies and coordinate the proposed activities of the applicant with existing State and local pro-grams. (j) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary shall provide technical assistance and capac-ity building to national and State energy partnerships, including the entities de-scribed in subsection (b)(1), to leverage the existing (as of the date of the provision) job training and education programs of the De-partment. (k) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress and make publicly available on the website of the Department an annual re-port on the program established under this section, including a description of— (1) the entities receiving grants under sub-section (a)(1); (2) the activities carried out using the grants; (3) best practices used to leverage the in-vestment of the Federal Government; (4) the rate of employment for participants after completing a job training and edu-cation program carried out using such a grant; and (5) an assessment of the results achieved by the program established under this sec-tion. (l) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020. 
SA 3217. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. SMALL BUSINESS ENERGY EFFICIENCY. 
Section 501(d)(3) of the Small Business In-vestment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 695(d)(3)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (K), by striking ‘‘pro-ducers, or’’ and inserting ‘‘producers,’’; (2) in subparagraph (L), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (L) the following: ‘‘(M) enhanced ability for small business concerns to achieve savings through energy efficiency.’’. SA 3218. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. B
OOZMAN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C AR-
PER, and Mr. I SAKSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 3703 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3703. ELIGIBLE PROJECTS. 
Section 1703(b)(1) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16513(b)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(excluding the burning, to gen-erate electricity, of commonly recycled paper that has been segregated from solid waste to generate electricity or commonly recycled paper that is collected as part of a collection system that commingles the paper with other solid waste at any point from col-lection through the materials recovery proc-ess)’’ after ‘‘systems’’. 
SA 3219. Mr. CASEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 370, strike lines 14 and 15 and in-sert the following: proper voltage and frequency; (vii) ensure the availability of a financial day-ahead transmission market that will be aligned with the existing financial monthly transmission market; and (viii) provide an enhanced opportunity 
SA 3220. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 325, strike line 9 and all that follows through page 327, line 5 and in-sert the following: (1) D
EFINITION OF RECYCLED CARBON  
FIBER .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘recy-cled carbon fiber’’ includes— (A) carbon fiber composite recycling; and (B) carbon fiber recovery or reuse of carbon fiber composites and the components of car-bon fiber composites. (2) S
TUDY .—The Secretary shall conduct a study on— (A) the technology of recycled carbon fiber, carbon fiber recovery, and production waste carbon fiber; and (B) the potential lifecycle energy savings and economic impact of recycled carbon fiber and carbon fiber recovery. (3) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In con- ducting the study under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall consider— (A) the quantity of recycled carbon fiber, recovered carbon fiber, or production waste carbon fiber that would make the use of re-cycled carbon fiber, carbon fiber recovery, or production waste carbon fiber economically viable; (B) any existing or potential barriers to carbon fiber recovery, recycling carbon fiber, or using recovered or recycled carbon fiber; (C) any financial incentives that may be necessary for the development of carbon fiber recovery, recycled carbon fiber, or pro-duction waste carbon fiber; (D) the potential lifecycle savings in en-ergy from carbon fiber recovery or producing recycled carbon fiber, as compared to pro-ducing new carbon fiber; (E) the best and highest uses for recovered carbon fiber and recycled carbon fiber; (F) the potential reduction in carbon diox-ide emissions from carbon fiber recovery and producing recycled carbon fiber, as compared to producing new carbon fiber; (G) any economic benefits gained from using recovered carbon fiber and recycled carbon fiber or production waste carbon fiber; (H) workforce training and skills needed to address labor demands in the development of recovered carbon fiber and recycled carbon fiber or production waste carbon fiber; and (I) how the Department can leverage exist-ing efforts in the industry on the use of pro-duction waste carbon fiber. (4) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report de-scribing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (2). (b) R
ECYCLED CARBON FIBER DEMONSTRA -
TION PROJECT .—On completion of the study required under subsection (a)(2), the Sec-retary shall consult with the 
SA 3221. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. WATERSENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part B of title III of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act is amended by adding after section 324A (42 U.S.C. 6294a) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 324B. WATERSENSE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF WATER SENSE PRO-
GRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established within the Environmental Protection Agen-cy a voluntary WaterSense program to iden-tify and promote water-efficient products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services that, through voluntary label-ing of, or other forms of communications re-garding, products, buildings, landscapes, fa-cilities, processes, and services while meet-ing strict performance criteria, sensibly— ‘‘(A) reduce water use; ‘‘(B) reduce the strain on public and com-munity water systems and wastewater and stormwater infrastructure; ‘‘(C) conserve energy used to pump, heat, transport, and treat water; and ‘‘(D) preserve water resources for future generations. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (referred to in this section as the ‘Administrator’) shall, consistent with this section, identify water-efficient products, buildings, land-scapes, facilities, processes, and services, in-cluding categories such as— ‘‘(A) irrigation technologies and services; ‘‘(B) point-of-use water treatment devices; ‘‘(C) plumbing products; ‘‘(D) reuse and recycling technologies; ‘‘(E) landscaping and gardening products, including moisture control or water enhanc-ing technologies; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.039 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S511 February 2, 2016 
‘‘(F) xeriscaping and other landscape con-versions that reduce water use; ‘‘(G) whole house humidifiers; and ‘‘(H) water-efficient buildings or facilities. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The Administrator, coordi-nating as appropriate with the Secretary, shall— ‘‘(1) establish— ‘‘(A) a WaterSense label to be used for items meeting the certification criteria es-tablished in accordance with this section; and ‘‘(B) the procedure, including the methods and means, and criteria by which an item may be certified to display the WaterSense label; ‘‘(2) enhance public awareness regarding the WaterSense label through outreach, edu-cation, and other means; ‘‘(3) preserve the integrity of the WaterSense label by— ‘‘(A) establishing and maintaining feasible performance criteria so that products, build-ings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services labeled with the WaterSense label perform as well or better than less water-ef-ficient counterparts; ‘‘(B) overseeing WaterSense certifications made by third parties; ‘‘(C) as determined appropriate by the Ad-ministrator, using testing protocols, from the appropriate, applicable, and relevant consensus standards, for the purpose of de-termining standards compliance; and ‘‘(D) auditing the use of the WaterSense label in the marketplace and preventing cases of misuse; and ‘‘(4) not more often than 6 years after adoption or major revision of any WaterSense specification, review and, if ap-propriate, revise the specification to achieve additional water savings; ‘‘(5) in revising a WaterSense specifica-tion— ‘‘(A) provide reasonable notice to inter-ested parties and the public of any changes, including effective dates, and an explanation of the changes; ‘‘(B) solicit comments from interested par-ties and the public prior to any changes; ‘‘(C) as appropriate, respond to comments submitted by interested parties and the pub-lic; and ‘‘(D) provide an appropriate transition time prior to the applicable effective date of any changes, taking into account the timing necessary for the manufacture, marketing, training, and distribution of the specific water-efficient product, building, landscape, process, or service category being addressed; and ‘‘(6) not later than December 31, 2018, con-sider for review and revision any WaterSense specification adopted before January 1, 2012. ‘‘(c) T
RANSPARENCY .—The Administrator shall, to the maximum extent practicable and not less than annually, regularly esti-mate and make available to the public the production and relative market shares and savings of water, energy, and capital costs of water, wastewater, and stormwater attrib-utable to the use of WaterSense-labeled products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services. ‘‘(d) D
ISTINCTION OF AUTHORITIES .—In set- ting or maintaining specifications for En-ergy Star pursuant to section 324A, and WaterSense under this section, the Secretary and Administrator shall coordinate to pre-vent duplicative or conflicting requirements among the respective programs. ‘‘(e) N
OWARRANTY .—A WaterSense label shall not create an express or implied war-ranty.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. prec. 6201) is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 324A the following: ‘‘Sec. 324B. WaterSense.’’. SA 3222. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 220l. MARKET-DRIVEN REINSTATEMENT OF OIL EXPORT BAN. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
VERAGE NATIONAL PRICE OF GASOLINE .— The term ‘‘average national price of gaso-line’’ means the average of retail regular gasoline prices in the United States, as cal-culated (on a weekday basis) by, and pub-lished on the Internet website of, the Energy Information Administration. (2) G
ASOLINE INDEX PRICE .—The term ‘‘gas-oline index price’’ means the average of re-tail regular gasoline prices in the United States, as calculated (on a monthly basis) by, and published on the Internet website of, the Energy Information Administration, dur-ing the 60-month period preceding the date of the calculation. (b) R
EINSTATEMENT OF OILEXPORT BAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Effective on the date on which the event described in paragraph (2) occurs, subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) of sec-tion 101 of division O of the Consolidated Ap-propriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113), are repealed, and the provisions of law amended or repealed by those subsections are restored or revived as if those sub-sections had not been enacted. (2) E
VENT DESCRIBED .—The event referred to in paragraph (1) is the date on which the average national price of gasoline has been 50 percent greater than the gasoline index price for 30 consecutive days. (c) P
RESIDENTIAL AUTHORITY .—Notwith- standing subsection (b), the President may affirmatively allow the export of crude oil from the United States to continue for a pe-riod of not more than 1 year after the date of the reinstatement described in subsection (b), if the President— (1) declares a national emergency and for-mally notices the declaration of a national emergency in the Federal Register; or (2) finds and reports to Congress that a ban on the export of crude oil pursuant to this section has caused undue economic hardship. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section takes effect on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of the Consolidated Ap-propriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113). 
SA 3223. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS RE-PORT. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Energy Information Administration shall prepare and publish a report on the in-fluence of the provisions of this Act on greenhouse gas emissions. SA 3224. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 42ll. CLEAN ENERGY TECHNOLOGY INNO-VATION REGIONAL PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to accelerate the pace of innovation in clean energy technologies through the for-mation of regional clean energy innovation partnerships that are responsive to the en-ergy resources, customer needs, and innova-tion capabilities of various regions of the country. (b) D
EFINITION OF CLEAN ENERGY TECH-
NOLOGY .—In this section, the term ‘‘clean en-ergy technology’’ means any process or prod-uct, or system of products and processes, that— (1) can be applied at any stage of the en-ergy cycle, from production to consumption, the application of which will result in the re-duction of net greenhouse gas emissions; and (2) can result in the reduction of 1 or more of— (A) demand for water resources; (B) waste; (C) emissions of air pollutants other than greenhouse gas emissions; or (D) concentrations of contaminants in wastewater discharges. (c) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PRO-
GRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out a program of research, development, demonstration, and commercial application of clean energy technologies through re-gional clean energy innovation partnerships established under subsection (e). (2) D
ELEGATION AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-retary may delegate the responsibilities of the Secretary under this subsection, on the condition that— (A) sufficient high-level management over-sight is maintained; and (B) the partnerships are implemented as a cross-cutting initiative not subject to any single technology program. (d) C
LEAN ENERGY INNOVATION REGIONS .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall by rulemaking establish up to 10 clean en-ergy regions in the United States based on the analysis and application of the criteria described in paragraph (2). (2) C
RITERIA .—The criteria referred to in paragraph (1) include— (A)(i) geographic continuity; or (ii) in the case of Alaska, Hawaii, and the territories and possessions of the United States, geographic similarities; and (B) the presence of major energy innova-tion resources, including research univer-sities, National Laboratories (as defined in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801)), and other research institu-tions. (3) S
TATES .—The Secretary shall place a State in only 1 region under this subsection. (e) C
LEAN ENERGY INNOVATION REGIONAL  P
ARTNERSHIPS .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may, through an open, competitive process, select for designation as a clean energy innovation regional partnership not more than 1 eligible partnership, consisting of 2 or more eligible entities, for each region established under subsection (d). (2) E
LIGIBILITY .—Entities eligible to be part of a partnership include— (A) institutions of higher education; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.036 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES512 February 2, 2016 
(B) National Laboratories; (C) other research institutions; (D) units of State or local government; (E) tribal governments; (F) regional organizations; (G) economic development organizations; and (H) non-governmental entities and corpora-tions. (3) R
EQUIREMENT FOR PARTNERSHIPS .—To be eligible to be selected as a clean energy inno-vation regional partnership under paragraph (1), a partnership shall be an organization de-scribed in section 501(c) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of that Code. (4) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .—An eligible part-nership desiring selection as a clean energy innovation regional partnership under para-graph (1) shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may require, including, at a min-imum— (A) a description of all entities comprising the proposed partnership; (B) identification of appropriate informa-tion on the qualifications of the key manage-ment personnel of the proposed partnership; (C) a full description of the governance structure and management processes of the partnership, including conflict of interest policy; (D) a description of the policies and proce-dures for managing new intellectual prop-erty created by the partnership; (E) a description of how the applicant would carry out the activities of the clean energy innovation regional partnership, as described in this subsection; and (F) a recommendation for the clean energy innovation regional partnership program of the scope of work for initial year activities and future program focus. (5) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary shall establish criteria for the selection of clean energy innovation regional partner-ships, including— (A) strength of the governance structure, including representation of the regional en-ergy economy; (B) expertise and experience of key re-search management personnel; (C) demonstrated knowledge of regional energy markets and technologies; (D) capability for regional energy analysis and planning; (E) capability to conduct assessments of innovative clean energy technologies; (F) commitments of co-funding from non- Federal sources; (G) capability for attracting matching funds from both non-Federal and non-govern-mental sources for follow-on investment in widespread application of successful projects; and (H) capability and experience in managing technology transfer programs. (6) F
UNCTIONS .—A clean energy innovation regional partnership selected under this sub-section shall be responsible for— (A) developing an annual clean energy re-gional innovation plan; (B) establishing open, transparent proc-esses for soliciting project applications con-sistent with the plan; (C) selecting projects for financial assist-ance; (D) awarding financial assistance, includ-ing grants, cost-sharing, prizes, revolving funds and loans, or other forms of credit en-hancement; (E) incentivizing collaborative research, development, demonstration, and deploy-ment programs within the designated region of the partnership; (F) facilitating the use of National Labora-tory resources and other Federal research fa-cilities; (G) collaborating with other funding enti-ties to provide financial assistance for re-gional clean energy innovation projects con-sistent with the annual plan developed under subparagraph (A); (H) arranging for sharing of prototyping and production facilities for clean energy technologies; (I) promoting training opportunities in clean energy technologies; (J) providing information sharing and con-ducting technology transfer activities, in-cluding assistance to clean energy tech-nology start-up ventures; (K) coordinating with other regional clean energy innovation partnerships on projects relevant to more than 1 region; and (L) performing such other duties and pro-viding such reports as the Secretary may re-quire. (7) LIMITATIONS .—A clean energy innova-tion regional partnership selected under this subsection shall not— (A) perform in-house research, develop-ment, demonstration, or deployment activi-ties; or (B) use Federal funding for the construc-tion or rehabilitation of buildings or facili-ties. (8) C
ONFLICT OF INTEREST .— (A) P
ROCEDURES .—The Secretary shall es-tablish procedures— (i) to ensure that each board member, offi-cer, or employee of the clean energy innova-tion regional partnership selected under this subsection who is in a decision making ca-pacity to exercise any of the functions de-scribed in paragraph (6) shall disclose to the Secretary any financial interests in, or fi-nancial relationships with, applicants for, or recipients of, awards under this section, in-cluding any financial interests in, or finan-cial relationships with, applicants for, or re-cipients of, awards under this section of the spouse or minor child of the board member, officer, or employee; and (ii) to require any board member, officer, or employee with a financial relationship or interest disclosed under clause (i) to recuse himself or herself from any oversight func-tions under paragraph (6) with respect to that applicant or recipient. (B) F
AILURE TO COMPLY .—The Secretary may disqualify an application or revoke an award under this section if a board member, officer, or employee has failed to comply with procedures required under subparagraph (A). (f) F
UNDING AGREEMENT .— (1) M
ULTIYEAR AGREEMENT .—The Secretary may enter into a funding agreement for up to 5 years, with options for renewal, with each clean energy innovation regional part-nership selected under this subsection. (2) F
UNDING INSTRUMENT .—The Secretary may fund agreements under paragraph (1) through grants, cooperative agreements, or other transactions under section 646 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7256), as determined appropriate by the Secretary. (3) F
UNDING LIMITATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each funding agreement entered into under paragraph (1) shall be subject to the funding levels and allocations established by the Secretary under sub-section (j). (B) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION .—No funds shall be provided under an agreement entered into under paragraph (1) for the cost of— (i) facilities occupied by the clean energy innovation regional partnership; or (ii) any in-house research project activities as described in subsection (e)(7)(A). (g) A
NNUAL PLAN.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Each clean energy innova-tion regional partnership shall carry out a program pursuant to an annual plan pre-pared by the partnership and approved by the Secretary. (2) P
LAN CONTENT .—The annual plan shall— (A) describe the ongoing and prospective activities of the partnership; and (B) meet the requirements established by the Secretary under paragraph (3). (3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall es-tablish requirements for the content of each annual plan, which shall include— (A) a proposed portfolio of clean energy programs and projects, including both indi-vidual technologies and system approaches, reflecting regional characteristics and prior-ities, with priority given to clean energy technologies that meet the most characteris-tics described in subsection (e)(5); (B) a description of the process, including a list of any solicitations, for making awards to carry out research development, dem-onstration, or commercial application ac-tivities, including— (i) the topics of those activities; (ii) a description of who would be eligible to apply; (iii) selection criteria to be used; and (iv) the duration of awards; (C) a description of the status of ongoing projects, including the progress in meeting project milestones; (D) a description of the policies and proce-dures for managing the dissemination of new intellectual property developed under the annual plan; (E) a description of technology transfer and commercialization activities that may follow from successful projects; and (F) a description of all other activities planned to carry out the functions described subsection (e)(6). (4) P
LAN DEVELOPMENT .— (A) S
OLICITATION RECOMMENDATIONS .—Be- fore drafting an annual plan under this sub-section, each clean energy innovation re-gional partnership shall establish a process to solicit specific written recommendations from stakeholders within the region. (B) C
ONSULTATION .—Each clean energy in-novation regional partnership shall consult regularly with the Secretary in the prepara-tion of the annual plan. (5) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall pub-lish in the Federal Register, and provide op-portunity for comment for, each annual plan submitted under this subsection. (6) P
LAN APPROVAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-view and approve or disapprove, in whole or in part, each annual plan submitted under this subsection. (B) A
UTOMATIC APPROVAL .—If the Secretary does not approve or disapprove an annual plan by the date that is 60 days after the date of submission of the annual plan, the annual shall be deemed approved. (7) P
LAN IMPLEMENTATION .— (A) A
WARDS .—On approval of the annual plan by the Secretary, each clean energy in-novation regional partnership shall make awards to research performers to carry out research, development, demonstration, and commercial application activities under the program under this section. (B) C
ONFLICT OF INTEREST .—An entity that is a member of the clean energy innovation regional partnership may receive an award under subparagraph (A) on the condition that the conflict of interest procedures de-scribed in subsection (e)(8)(A) are followed. (C) O
VERSIGHT .—The clean energy innova-tion regional partnership shall oversee the implementation of awards under this sub-section, consistent with the annual plan of the clean energy innovation regional part-nership, including through— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.035 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S513 February 2, 2016 
(i) disbursing funds; and (ii) monitoring activities carried by the re-cipient of an award for compliance with the terms and conditions of the award. (h) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— (1) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary may allow each clean energy innovation regional partnership to allocate a portion, not to ex-ceed 10 percent in any 1 fiscal year, of the funding received under subsection (f), to be used to implement the annual plan of the clean energy innovation regional partner-ship. (2) A
DVANCE .—The Secretary may advance funds to a clean energy innovation regional partnership on or after the date of selection of the clean energy innovation regional part-nership under subsection (e)(1), which shall be deducted from amounts to be provided in the funding agreement entered into under subsection (f). (i) A
UDIT.—The Secretary shall audit each clean energy innovation regional partnership on a periodic basis, as appropriate, to deter-mine the extent to which funds provided to each clean energy innovation regional part-nership, and funds provided under awards made under subsection (g)(7)(A) have been expended in a manner consistent with the purposes and requirements of this section. (j) F
UNDING .— (1) F
UND ESTABLISHMENT .—There is estab-lished in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund to be known as the ‘‘Clean Energy Innovation Regional Partnership Fund’’ (re-ferred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Fund’’). (2) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of the Treasury may transfer to the Fund, from the General Fund of the Treasury— (A) for fiscal 2017, $110,000,000; (B) for fiscal 2018, $500,000,000; (C) for fiscal 2019, $800,000,000; (D) for fiscal 2020, $1,350,000,000; and (E) for fiscal 2021, $1,750,000,000. (3) A
VAILABILITY .— (A) P
ERIOD .—Amounts transferred to the Fund under paragraph (2) shall remain avail-able until expended. (B) O
BLIGATION AUTHORITY .—Amounts in the Fund shall be available to the Secretary for obligation under this section only in amounts provided in annual appropriations Acts. (4) A
LLOCATION .—The Secretary shall allo-cate the funding available for obligation under paragraph (3) for each fiscal year among approved annual plans for clean en-ergy innovation regional partnerships based on a formula that takes into account certain criteria that include— (A) regional energy consumption expendi-tures; (B) regional energy production levels; (C) regional Population; and (D) such other region-specific factors that the Secretary may specify. (5) S
TUDY ; REPORT .— (A) S
TUDY .—The Secretary shall conduct a study of the feasibility of establishing 1 or more funding sources that can provide a dedicated, stable source of financing for clean energy innovation regional partner-ship. (B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report that contains findings and recommendations based on the study conducted under subpara-graph (A). 
SA 3225. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. VOLUNTARY VEGETATION MANAGE-MENT OUTSIDE RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize an owner or operator of an electric transmission or distribution facility to man-age vegetation selectively within 150 feet of the exterior boundary of the right-of-way near structures for selective thinning and fuel reduction. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Management of vege-tation under this section shall— (1) be limited to wildfire prevention, such as hazardous fuel buildup near structures and hazard trees; (2) be at the expense of the right-of-way holder; and (3) not include commercial timber har-vesting, logging, prescribed burning, or clear cutting. (c) S
TATUS OF REMOVED VEGETATION .—Any vegetation removed pursuant to this section shall be the property of the United States and not available for sale by the owner or op-erator. (d) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—An owner or operator of an electric transmission or dis-tribution facility shall not be held liable for wildfire, damage, loss, or injury, including the cost of fire suppression, resulting from activities carried out pursuant to subsection (a), except in the case of harm resulting from the gross negligence or criminal misconduct of the owner or operator. 
SA 3226. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 44ll. BLACK HILLS NATIONAL CEMETERY BOUNDARY MODIFICATION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
EMETERY .—The term ‘‘Cemetery’’ means the Black Hills National Cemetery in Sturgis, South Dakota. (2) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means the approximately 200 acres of Bureau of Land Management land adjacent to the Cemetery, generally depicted as ‘‘Pro-posed National Cemetery Expansion’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Expansion of Black Hills National Cemetery-South Dakota’’ and dated September 28, 2015. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (b) T
RANSFER AND WITHDRAWAL OF BUREAU  
OFLAND MANAGEMENT LAND FOR CEMETERY  U
SE.— (1) T
RANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC -
TION.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to valid existing rights, administrative jurisdiction over the Federal land is transferred from the Sec-retary to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for use as a national cemetery in accordance with chapter 24 of title 38, United States Code. (B) L
EGAL DESCRIPTIONS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Reg-ister a notice containing a legal description of the Federal land. (ii) E
FFECT .—A legal description published under clause (i) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this section, ex-cept that the Secretary may correct any clerical and typographical errors in the legal description. (iii) AVAILABILITY .—Copies of the legal de-scription published under clause (i) shall be available for public inspection in the appro-priate offices of— (I) the Bureau of Land Management; and (II) the National Cemetery Administration. (iv) C
OSTS.—The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall reimburse the Secretary for the costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this subparagraph, including the costs of any surveys and other reasonable costs. (2) W
ITHDRAWAL .—Subject to valid existing rights, for any period during which the Fed-eral land is under the administrative juris-diction of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, the Federal land— (A) is withdrawn from all forms of appro-priation under the public land laws, includ-ing the mining laws, the mineral leasing laws, and the geothermal leasing laws; and (B) shall be treated as property as defined under section 102(9) of title 40, United States Code. (3) B
OUNDARY MODIFICATION .—The boundary of the Cemetery is modified to include the Federal land. (4) M
ODIFICATION OF PUBLIC LAND ORDER .— Public Land Order 2112, dated June 6, 1960 (25 Fed. Reg. 5243), is modified to exclude the Federal land. (c) S
UBSEQUENT TRANSFER OF ADMINISTRA -
TIVE JURISDICTION .— (1) N
OTICE .—On a determination by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs that all or a portion of the Federal land is not being used for purposes of the Cemetery, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall notify the Sec-retary of the determination. (2) T
RANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC -
TION.—Subject to paragraphs (3) and (4), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall transfer to the Secretary administrative jurisdiction over the Federal land subject to a notice under paragraph (1). (3) D
ECONTAMINATON .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall be responsible for the costs of any decontamination of the Federal land subject to a notice under paragraph (1) that the Secretary determines to be nec-essary for the Federal land to be restored to public land status. (4) R
ESTORATION TO PUBLIC LAND STATUS .— The Federal land subject to a notice under paragraph (1) shall only be restored to public land status on— (A) acceptance by the Secretary of the Federal land subject to the notice; and (B) a determination by the Secretary that the Federal land subject to the notice is suit-able for— (i) restoration to public land status; and (ii) the operation of 1 or more of the public land laws with respect to the Federal land. (5) O
RDER .—If the Secretary accepts the Federal land under paragraph (4)(A) and makes a determination of suitability under paragraph (4)(B), the Secretary may— (A) open the accepted Federal land to oper-ation of 1 or more of the public land laws; and (B) issue an order to carry out the opening authorized under subparagraph (A). 
SA 3227. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 44ll. WILD HORSES IN AND AROUND THE CURRITUCK NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE. 
(a) A GREEMENT REQUIRED .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.035 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES514 February 2, 2016 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall enter into an agreement with the Corolla Wild Horse Fund (a nonprofit corporation established under the laws of the State of North Caro-lina), the County of Currituck, North Caro-lina, and the State of North Carolina to pro-vide for management of free-roaming wild horses in and around the Currituck National Wildlife Refuge. (2) T
ERMS .—The agreement shall— (A) allow a herd of not fewer than 110 and not more than 130 free-roaming wild horses in and around the refuge, with a target popu-lation of between 120 and 130 free-roaming wild horses; (B) provide for cost-effective management of the horses while ensuring that natural re-sources within the refuge are not adversely impacted; (C) provide for introduction of a small number of free-roaming wild horses from the herd at Cape Lookout National Seashore as is necessary to maintain the genetic viabil-ity of the herd in and around the Currituck National Wildlife Refuge; and (D) specify that the Corolla Wild Horse Fund shall pay the costs associated with— (i) coordinating a periodic census and in-specting the health of the horses; (ii) maintaining records of the horses liv-ing in the wild and in confinement; (iii) coordinating the removal and place-ment of horses and monitoring of any horses removed from the Currituck County Outer Banks; and (iv) administering a viable population con-trol plan for the horses, including auctions, adoptions, contraceptive fertility methods, and other viable options. (b) C
ONDITIONS FOR EXCLUDING WILD H
ORSES FROM REFUGE .—The Secretary shall not exclude free-roaming wild horses from any portion of the Currituck National Wild-life Refuge unless— (1) the Secretary finds that the presence of free-roaming wild horses on a portion of that refuge threatens the survival of an endan-gered species for which that land is des-ignated as critical habitat under the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); (2) the finding is based on a credible peer- reviewed scientific assessment; and (3) the Secretary provides a period of pub-lic notice and comment on that finding. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR INTRODUCTION OF  H
ORSES FROM CAPELOOKOUT NATIONAL SEA-
SHORE .—During the effective period of the memorandum of understanding between the National Park Service and the Foundation for Shackleford Horses, Inc. (a non-profit corporation organized under the laws of and doing business in the State of North Caro-lina) signed in 2007, no horse may be removed from Cape Lookout National Seashore for in-troduction at Currituck National Wildlife Refuge except— (1) with the approval of the Foundation; and (2) consistent with the terms of the memo-randum (or any successor agreement) and the Management Plan for the Shackleford Banks Horse Herd signed in January 2006 (or any successor management plan). (d) N
OLIABILITY CREATED .—Nothing in this section creates liability for the United States for any damage caused by the free- roaming wild horses to any person or prop-erty located inside or outside the boundaries of the Currituck National Wildlife Refuge. 
SA 3228. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. MURKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At end, add the following: TITLE VI—NATURAL RESOURCES Subtitle A—Land Conveyances and Related Matters 
SEC. 6001. ARAPAHO NATIONAL FOREST BOUND-ARY ADJUSTMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The boundary of the Arapaho National Forest in the State of Col-orado is adjusted to incorporate the approxi-mately 92.95 acres of land generally depicted as ‘‘The Wedge’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Arap-aho National Forest Boundary Adjustment’’ and dated November 6, 2013, and described as lots three, four, eight, and nine of section 13, Township 4 North, Range 76 West, Sixth Principal Meridian, Colorado. A lot described in this subsection may be included in the boundary adjustment only after the Sec-retary of Agriculture obtains written per-mission for such action from the lot owner or owners. (b) B
OWEN GULCH PROTECTION AREA.—The Secretary of Agriculture shall include all Federal land within the boundary described in subsection (a) in the Bowen Gulch Protec-tion Area established under section 6 of the Colorado Wilderness Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 539j). (c) L
AND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND.— For purposes of section 200306(a)(2)(B)(i) of title 54, United States Code, the boundaries of the Arapaho National Forest, as modified under subsection (a), shall be considered to be the boundaries of the Arapaho National Forest as in existence on January 1, 1965. (d) P
UBLIC MOTORIZED USE.—Nothing in this section opens privately owned lands within the boundary described in subsection (a) to public motorized use. (e) A
CCESS TO NON-FEDERAL LANDS .—Not- withstanding the provisions of section 6(f) of the Colorado Wilderness Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 539j(f)) regarding motorized travel, the owners of any non-Federal lands within the boundary described in subsection (a) who historically have accessed their lands through lands now or hereafter owned by the United States within the boundary described in subsection (a) shall have the continued right of motorized access to their lands across the existing roadway. 
SEC. 6002. LAND CONVEYANCE, ELKHORN RANCH AND WHITE RIVER NATIONAL FOR-EST, COLORADO. 
(a) L AND CONVEYANCE REQUIRED .—Con- sistent with the purpose of the Act of March 3, 1909 (43 U.S.C. 772), all right, title, and in-terest of the United States (subject to sub-section (b)) in and to a parcel of land con-sisting of approximately 148 acres as gen-erally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Elk-horn Ranch Land Parcel–White River Na-tional Forest’’ and dated March 2015 shall be conveyed by patent to the Gordman-Leverich Partnership, a Colorado Limited Liability Partnership (in this section referred to as ‘‘GLP’’). (b) E
XISTING RIGHTS .—The conveyance under subsection (a)— (1) is subject to the valid existing rights of the lessee of Federal oil and gas lease COC– 75070 and any other valid existing rights; and (2) shall reserve to the United States the right to collect rent and royalty payments on the lease referred to in paragraph (1) for the duration of the lease. (c) E
XISTING BOUNDARIES .—The conveyance under subsection (a) does not modify the ex-terior boundary of the White River National Forest or the boundaries of Sections 18 and 19 of Township 7 South, Range 93 West, Sixth Principal Meridian, Colorado, as such bound-aries are in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (d) TIME FOR CONVEYANCE ; PAYMENT OF  C
OSTS.—The conveyance directed under sub-section (a) shall be completed not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. The conveyance shall be without consideration, except that all costs incurred by the Secretary of the Interior relating to any survey, platting, legal description, or other activities carried out to prepare and issue the patent shall be paid by GLP to the Secretary prior to the land conveyance. 
SEC. 6003. LAND EXCHANGE IN CRAGS, COLO-RADO. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to authorize, direct, expedite, and fa-cilitate the land exchange set forth herein; and (2) to promote enhanced public outdoor recreational and natural resource conserva-tion opportunities in the Pike National For-est near Pikes Peak, Colorado, via acquisi-tion of the non-Federal land and trail ease-ment. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) BHI.—The term ‘‘BHI’’ means Broadmoor Hotel, Inc., a Colorado corpora-tion. (2) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to approximately 83 acres of land within the Pike National For-est, El Paso County, Colorado, together with a non-exclusive perpetual access easement to BHI to and from such land on Forest Service Road 371, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Crags Land Exchange– Federal Parcel–Emerald Valley Ranch’’, dated March 2015. (3) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘non- Federal land’’ means the land and trail ease-ment to be conveyed to the Secretary by BHI in the exchange and is— (A) approximately 320 acres of land within the Pike National Forest, Teller County, Colorado, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Crags Land Exchange– Non-Federal Parcel–Crags Property’’, dated March 2015; and (B) a permanent trail easement for the Barr Trail in El Paso County, Colorado, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Pro-posed Crags Land Exchange–Barr Trail Ease-ment to United States’’, dated March 2015, and which shall be considered as a voluntary donation to the United States by BHI for all purposes of law. (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture, unless otherwise specified. (c) L
ANDEXCHANGE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If BHI offers to convey to the Secretary all right, title, and interest of BHI in and to the non-Federal land, the Sec-retary shall accept the offer and simulta-neously convey to BHI the Federal land. (2) L
AND TITLE .—Title to the non-Federal land conveyed and donated to the Secretary under this section shall be acceptable to the Secretary and shall conform to the title ap-proval standards of the Attorney General of the United States applicable to land acquisi-tions by the Federal Government. (3) P
ERPETUAL ACCESS EASEMENT TO BHI .— The nonexclusive perpetual access easement to be granted to BHI as shown on the map re-ferred to in subsection (b)(2) shall allow— (A) BHI to fully maintain, at BHI’s ex-pense, and use Forest Service Road 371 from its junction with Forest Service Road 368 in accordance with historic use and mainte-nance patterns by BHI; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.038 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S515 February 2, 2016 
(B) full and continued public and adminis-trative access and use of FSR 371 in accord-ance with the existing Forest Service travel management plan, or as such plan may be re-vised by the Secretary. (4) R
OUTE AND CONDITION OF ROAD .—BHI and the Secretary may mutually agree to im-prove, relocate, reconstruct, or otherwise alter the route and condition of all or por-tions of such road as the Secretary, in close consultation with BHI, may determine advis-able. (5) E
XCHANGE COSTS .—BHI shall pay for all land survey, appraisal, and other costs to the Secretary as may be necessary to process and consummate the exchange directed by this section, including reimbursement to the Secretary, if the Secretary so requests, for staff time spent in such processing and con-summation. (d) E
QUAL VALUE EXCHANGE AND APPRAIS -
ALS.— (1) A
PPRAISALS .—The values of the lands to be exchanged under this section shall be de-termined by the Secretary through apprais-als performed in accordance with— (A) the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisitions; (B) the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice; (C) appraisal instructions issued by the Secretary; and (D) shall be performed by an appraiser mu-tually agreed to by the Secretary and BHI. (2) E
QUAL VALUE EXCHANGE .—The values of the Federal and non-Federal land parcels ex-changed shall be equal, or if they are not equal, shall be equalized as follows: (A) S
URPLUS OF FEDERAL LAND VALUE .—If the final appraised value of the Federal land exceeds the final appraised value of the non- Federal land parcel identified in subsection (b)(3)(A), BHI shall make a cash equalization payment to the United States as necessary to achieve equal value, including, if nec-essary, an amount in excess of that author-ized pursuant to section 206(b) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of l976 (43 U.S.C. 1716(b)). (B) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Any cash equalization moneys received by the Secretary under sub-paragraph (A) shall be— (i) deposited in the fund established under Public Law 90–171 (commonly known as the ‘‘Sisk Act’’; 16 U.S.C. 484a); and (ii) made available to the Secretary for the acquisition of land or interests in land in Re-gion 2 of the Forest Service. (C) S
URPLUS OF NON -FEDERAL LAND  
VALUE .—If the final appraised value of the non-Federal land parcel identified in sub-section (b)(3)(A) exceeds the final appraised value of the Federal land, the United States shall not make a cash equalization payment to BHI, and surplus value of the non-Federal land shall be considered a donation by BHI to the United States for all purposes of law. (3) A
PPRAISAL EXCLUSIONS .— (A) S
PECIAL USE PERMIT .—The appraised value of the Federal land parcel shall not re-flect any increase or diminution in value due to the special use permit existing on the date of the enactment of this Act to BHI on the parcel and improvements thereunder. (B) B
ARR TRAIL EASEMENT .—The Barr Trail easement donation identified in subsection (b)(3)(B) shall not be appraised for purposes of this section. (e) M
ISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS .— (1) W
ITHDRAWAL PROVISIONS .— (A) W
ITHDRAWAL .—Lands acquired by the Secretary under this section shall, without further action by the Secretary, be perma-nently withdrawn from all forms of appro-priation and disposal under the public land laws (including the mining and mineral leas-ing laws) and the Geothermal Steam Act of 1930 (30 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). (B) WITHDRAWAL REVOCATION .—Any public land order that withdraws the Federal land from appropriation or disposal under a public land law shall be revoked to the extent nec-essary to permit disposal of the Federal land parcel to BHI. (C) W
ITHDRAWAL OF FEDERAL LAND .—All Federal land authorized to be exchanged under this section, if not already withdrawn or segregated from appropriation or disposal under the public lands laws upon enactment of this Act, is hereby so withdrawn, subject to valid existing rights, until the date of conveyance of the Federal land to BHI. (2) P
OSTEXCHANGE LAND MANAGEMENT .— Land acquired by the Secretary under this section shall become part of the Pike-San Isabel National Forest and be managed in ac-cordance with the laws, rules, and regula-tions applicable to the National Forest Sys-tem. (3) E
XCHANGE TIMETABLE .—It is the intent of Congress that the land exchange directed by this section be consummated no later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (4) M
APS, ESTIMATES , AND DESCRIPTIONS .— (A) M
INOR ERRORS .—The Secretary and BHI may by mutual agreement make minor boundary adjustments to the Federal and non-Federal lands involved in the exchange, and may correct any minor errors in any map, acreage estimate, or description of any land to be exchanged. (B) C
ONFLICT .—If there is a conflict be-tween a map, an acreage estimate, or a de-scription of land under this section, the map shall control unless the Secretary and BHI mutually agree otherwise. (C) A
VAILABILITY .—Upon enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file and make avail-able for public inspection in the head-quarters of the Pike-San Isabel National Forest a copy of all maps referred to in this section. 
SEC. 6004. CERRO DEL YUTA AND RI ´O SAN ANTO- NIO WILDERNESS AREAS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
AP.—The term ‘‘map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Rı´o Grande del Norte National Monument Proposed Wilderness Areas’’ and dated July 28, 2015. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (3) W
ILDERNESS AREA .—The term ‘‘wilder-ness area’’ means a wilderness area des-ignated by subsection (b)(1). (b) D
ESIGNATION OF CERRO DELYUTA AND  R
I´OSANANTONIO WILDERNESS AREAS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the following areas in the Rı´o Grande del Norte National Monument are designated as wil-derness and as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System: (A) C
ERRO DEL YUTA WILDERNESS .—Certain land administered by the Bureau of Land Management in Taos County, New Mexico, comprising approximately 13,420 acres as generally depicted on the map, which shall be known as the ‘‘Cerro del Yuta Wilder-ness’’. (B) R
I´O SAN ANTONIO WILDERNESS .—Certain land administered by the Bureau of Land Management in Rı´o Arriba County, New Mexico, comprising approximately 8,120 acres, as generally depicted on the map, which shall be known as the ‘‘Rı´o San Anto- nio Wilderness’’. (2) M
ANAGEMENT OF WILDERNESS AREAS .— Subject to valid existing rights, the wilder-ness areas shall be administered in accord-ance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.) and this section, except that with re-spect to the wilderness areas designated by this subsection— (A) any reference to the effective date of the Wilderness Act shall be considered to be a reference to the date of enactment of this Act; and (B) any reference in the Wilderness Act to the Secretary of Agriculture shall be consid-ered to be a reference to the Secretary. (3) INCORPORATION OF ACQUIRED LAND AND  
INTERESTS IN LAND .—Any land or interest in land within the boundary of the wilderness areas that is acquired by the United States shall— (A) become part of the wilderness area in which the land is located; and (B) be managed in accordance with— (i) the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.); (ii) this section; and (iii) any other applicable laws. (4) G
RAZING .—Grazing of livestock in the wilderness areas, where established before the date of enactment of this Act, shall be administered in accordance with— (A) section 4(d)(4) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(d)(4)); and (B) the guidelines set forth in appendix A of the Report of the Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs to accompany H.R. 2570 of the 101st Congress (H. Rept. 101–405). (5) B
UFFER ZONES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section creates a protective perimeter or buffer zone around the wilderness areas. (B) A
CTIVITIES OUTSIDE WILDERNESS  
AREAS .—The fact that an activity or use on land outside a wilderness area can be seen or heard within the wilderness area shall not preclude the activity or use outside the boundary of the wilderness area. (6) R
ELEASE OF WILDERNESS STUDY AREAS .— Congress finds that, for purposes of section 603(c) of the Federal Land Policy and Man-agement Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1782(c)), the public land within the San Antonio Wilder-ness Study Area not designated as wilderness by this subsection— (A) has been adequately studied for wilder-ness designation; (B) is no longer subject to section 603(c) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1782(c)); and (C) shall be managed in accordance with this section. (7) M
APS AND LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file the map and legal de-scriptions of the wilderness areas with— (i) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. (B) F
ORCE OF LAW .—The map and legal de-scriptions filed under subparagraph (A) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this section, except that the Secretary may correct errors in the legal description and map. (C) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The map and legal descriptions filed under subparagraph (A) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Bureau of Land Management. (8) N
ATIONAL LANDSCAPE CONSERVATION SYS -
TEM.—The wilderness areas shall be adminis-tered as components of the National Land-scape Conservation System. (9) F
ISH AND WILDLIFE .—Nothing in this section affects the jurisdiction of the State of New Mexico with respect to fish and wild-life located on public land in the State. (10) W
ITHDRAWALS .—Subject to valid exist-ing rights, any Federal land within the wil-derness areas designated by paragraph (1), including any land or interest in land that is acquired by the United States after the date of enactment of this Act, is withdrawn from— (A) entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.037 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES516 February 2, 2016 
(B) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and (C) operation of the mineral leasing, min-eral materials, and geothermal leasing laws. (11) T
REATY RIGHTS .—Nothing in this sec-tion enlarges, diminishes, or otherwise modi-fies any treaty rights. 
SEC. 6005. CLARIFICATION RELATING TO A CER-TAIN LAND DESCRIPTION UNDER THE NORTHERN ARIZONA LAND EX-CHANGE AND VERDE RIVER BASIN PARTNERSHIP ACT OF 2005. 
Section 104(a)(5) of the Northern Arizona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Part-nership Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–110; 119 Stat. 2356) is amended by inserting before the period at the end ‘‘, which, notwithstanding section 102(a)(4)(B), includes the N
1⁄2, NE1⁄4, SW
1⁄4, SW1⁄4, the N1⁄2, N1⁄2, SE1⁄4, SW1⁄4, and the N
1⁄2, N1⁄2, SW1⁄4, SE1⁄4, sec. 34, T. 22 N., R. 2 E., Gila and Salt River Meridian, Coconino County, comprising approximately 25 acres’’. 
SEC. 6006. COOPER SPUR LAND EXCHANGE CLAR-IFICATION AMENDMENTS. 
Section 1206(a) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1018) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘120 acres’’ and inserting ‘‘107 acres’’; and (B) in subparagraph (E)(ii), by inserting ‘‘improvements,’’ after ‘‘buildings,’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary and Mt. Hood Mead-ows shall select’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, the Secretary and Mt. Hood Meadows shall jointly select’’; (ii) in clause (ii), in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘An appraisal under clause (i) shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided under clause (iii), an appraisal under clause (i) shall assign a separate value to each tax lot to allow for the equalization of values and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) F
INAL APPRAISED VALUE .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), after the final appraised value of the Federal land and the non-Federal land are deter-mined and approved by the Secretary, the Secretary shall not be required to reappraise or update the final appraised value for a pe-riod of up to 3 years, beginning on the date of the approval by the Secretary of the final appraised value. ‘‘(II) E
XCEPTION .—Subclause (I) shall not apply if the condition of either the Federal land or the non-Federal land referred to in subclause (I) is significantly and substan-tially altered by fire, windstorm, or other events. ‘‘(iv) P
UBLIC REVIEW .—Before completing the land exchange under this Act, the Sec-retary shall make available for public review the complete appraisals of the land to be ex-changed.’’; (B) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘16 months after the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘1 year after the date of the enactment of the Energy Policy Mod-ernization Act of 2016’’; and (C) by striking subparagraph (G) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(G) R
EQUIRED CONVEYANCE CONDITIONS .— Prior to the exchange of the Federal and non-Federal land— ‘‘(i) the Secretary and Mt. Hood Meadows may mutually agree for the Secretary to re-serve a conservation easement to protect the identified wetland in accordance with appli-cable law, subject to the requirements that— ‘‘(I) the conservation easement shall be consistent with the terms of the September 30, 2015, mediation between the Secretary and Mt. Hood Meadows; and ‘‘(II) in order to take effect, the conserva-tion easement shall be finalized not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary shall reserve a 24-foot- wide nonexclusive trail easement at the ex-isting trail locations on the Federal land that retains for the United States existing rights to construct, reconstruct, maintain, and permit nonmotorized use by the public of existing trails subject to the right of the owner of the Federal land— ‘‘(I) to cross the trails with roads, utilities, and infrastructure facilities; and ‘‘(II) to improve or relocate the trails to accommodate development of the Federal land. ‘‘(H) EQUALIZATION OF VALUES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (A), in addition to or in lieu of monetary compensation, a lesser area of Federal land or non-Federal land may be conveyed if necessary to equalize appraised values of the exchange properties, without limitation, consistent with the requirements of this Act and subject to the approval of the Secretary and Mt. Hood Meadows. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN COMPENSATION  
OR CONVEYANCES AS DONATION .—If, after pay-ment of compensation or adjustment of land area subject to exchange under this Act, the amount by which the appraised value of the land and other property conveyed by Mt. Hood Meadows under subparagraph (A) ex-ceeds the appraised value of the land con-veyed by the Secretary under subparagraph (A) shall be considered a donation by Mt. Hood Meadows to the United States.’’. 
SEC. 6007. EXPEDITED ACCESS TO CERTAIN FED-ERAL LAND. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LIGIBLE .—The term ‘‘eligible’’, with re-spect to an organization or individual, means that the organization or individual, respec-tively, is— (A) acting in a not-for-profit capacity; and (B) composed entirely of members who, at the time of the good Samaritan search-and- recovery mission, have attained the age of majority under the law of the State where the mission takes place. (2) G
OOD SAMARITAN SEARCH -AND-RECOVERY  
MISSION .—The term ‘‘good Samaritan search- and-recovery mission’’ means a search con-ducted by an eligible organization or indi-vidual for 1 or more missing individuals be-lieved to be deceased at the time that the search is initiated. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture, as applicable. (b) P
ROCESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each Secretary shall de-velop and implement a process to expedite access to Federal land under the administra-tive jurisdiction of the Secretary for eligible organizations and individuals to request ac-cess to Federal land to conduct good Samari-tan search-and-recovery missions. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The process developed and implemented under this subsection shall in-clude provisions to clarify that— (A) an eligible organization or individual granted access under this section— (i) shall be acting for private purposes; and (ii) shall not be considered to be a Federal volunteer; (B) an eligible organization or individual conducting a good Samaritan search-and-re-covery mission under this section shall not be considered to be a volunteer under section 102301(c) of title 54, United States Code; (C) chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Federal Tort Claims Act’’), shall not apply to an eligible organization or individual carrying out a pri-vately requested good Samaritan search-and- recovery mission under this section; and (D) chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Federal Employ-ees Compensation Act’’), shall not apply to an eligible organization or individual con-ducting a good Samaritan search-and-recov-ery mission under this section, and the con-duct of the good Samaritan search-and-re-covery mission shall not constitute civilian employment. (c) RELEASE OF FEDERAL GOVERNMENT  F
ROMLIABILITY .—The Secretary shall not re-quire an eligible organization or individual to have liability insurance as a condition of accessing Federal land under this section, if the eligible organization or individual— (1) acknowledges and consents, in writing, to the provisions described in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of subsection (b)(2); and (2) signs a waiver releasing the Federal Government from all liability relating to the access granted under this section and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the United States from any claims or lawsuits arising from any conduct by the eligible organiza-tion or individual on Federal land. (d) A
PPROVAL AND DENIAL OF REQUESTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall notify an eligible organization or individual of the approval or denial of a request by the eligi-ble organization or individual to carry out a good Samaritan search-and-recovery mission under this section by not later than 48 hours after the request is made. (2) D
ENIALS .—If the Secretary denies a re-quest from an eligible organization or indi-vidual to carry out a good Samaritan search- and-recovery mission under this section, the Secretary shall notify the eligible organiza-tion or individual of— (A) the reason for the denial of the request; and (B) any actions that the eligible organiza-tion or individual can take to meet the re-quirements for the request to be approved. (e) P
ARTNERSHIPS .—Each Secretary shall develop search-and-recovery-focused partner-ships with search-and-recovery organiza-tions— (1) to coordinate good Samaritan search- and-recovery missions on Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of the Sec-retary; and (2) to expedite and accelerate good Samari-tan search-and-recovery mission efforts for missing individuals on Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of the Sec-retary. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secre-taries shall submit to Congress a joint report describing— (1) plans to develop partnerships described in subsection (e)(1); and (2) efforts carried out to expedite and ac-celerate good Samaritan search-and-recov-ery mission efforts for missing individuals on Federal land under the administrative juris-diction of each Secretary pursuant to sub-section (e)(2). 
SEC. 6008. BLACK HILLS NATIONAL CEMETERY BOUNDARY EXPANSION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) BLM 
LAND .—The term ‘‘BLM land’’ means the approximately 191.24 acres of Bu-reau of Land Management land within Meade County, South Dakota, which is more par-ticularly described as follows: (A) In sec. 23, T. 5 N, R. 5 E., Black Hills Meridian— (i) the land in the SW
1⁄4SW1⁄4located south of the tread of the Centennial Trail; (ii) the land in the SE
1⁄4SW1⁄4located south of the tread of the Centennial Trail and southwest of the southwesterly railroad 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.037 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S517 February 2, 2016 
right-of-way boundary described and author-ized under MTM–14260; and (iii) the land in the SW
1⁄4SE1⁄4located southwest of the southwesterly railroad right-of-way boundary. (B) In sec. 26, T. 5 N, R. 5 E., Black Hills Meridian— (i) lots 5, 11, and 12; and (ii) in lot 10, the land located southwest of the southwesterly railroad right-of-way boundary described and authorized under MTM–14260 and NW
1⁄4NW1⁄4. (2) C
EMETERY .—The term ‘‘Cemetery’’ means the Black Hills National Cemetery in Sturgis, South Dakota. (b) T
RANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Administrative jurisdic-tion over the BLM land is transferred from the Secretary of the Interior to the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Cemetery. (2) B
OUNDARY MODIFICATION .—On the trans-fer of the BLM land under paragraph (1), the boundary of the Cemetery is modified to in-clude the BLM land. (3) M
ODIFICATION OF PUBLIC LAND ORDER .— On the transfer of the BLM land under para-graph (1), Public Land Order 2112, dated June 6, 1960 (25 Fed. Reg. 5243), is modified to ex-clude the BLM land. Subtitle B—National Park Management, Studies, and Related Matters 
SEC. 6101. REFUND OF FUNDS USED BY STATES TO OPERATE NATIONAL PARKS DUR-ING SHUTDOWN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Na-tional Park Service shall refund to each State all funds of the State that were used to reopen and temporarily operate a unit of the National Park System during the period in October 2013 in which there was a lapse in appropriations for the unit. (b) F
UNDING .—Funds of the National Park Service that are appropriated after the date of enactment of this Act shall be used to carry out this section. 
SEC. 6102. LOWER FARMINGTON AND SALMON BROOK RECREATIONAL RIVERS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—Section 3(a) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1274(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(213) L
OWER FARMINGTON RIVER AND SALM -
ON BROOK , CONNECTICUT .—Segments of the main stem and its tributary, Salmon Brook, totaling approximately 62 miles, to be ad-ministered by the Secretary of the Interior as follows: ‘‘(A) The approximately 27.2-mile segment of the Farmington River beginning 0.2 miles below the tailrace of the Lower Collinsville Dam and extending to the site of the Spoonville Dam in Bloomfield and East Granby as a recreational river. ‘‘(B) The approximately 8.1-mile segment of the Farmington River extending from 0.5 miles below the Rainbow Dam to the con-fluence with the Connecticut River in Wind-sor as a recreational river. ‘‘(C) The approximately 2.4-mile segment of the main stem of Salmon Brook extending from the confluence of the East and West Branches to the confluence with the Farm-ington River as a recreational river. ‘‘(D) The approximately 12.6-mile segment of the West Branch of Salmon Brook extend-ing from its headwaters in Hartland, Con-necticut to its confluence with the East Branch of Salmon Brook as a recreational river. ‘‘(E) The approximately 11.4-mile segment of the East Branch of Salmon Brook extend-ing from the Massachusetts-Connecticut State line to the confluence with the West Branch of Salmon Brook as a recreational river.’’. (b) MANAGEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The river segments des-ignated by subsection (a) shall be managed in accordance with the management plan and such amendments to the management plan as the Secretary determines are con-sistent with this section. The management plan shall be deemed to satisfy the require-ments for a comprehensive management plan pursuant to section 3(d) of the Wild and Sce-nic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1274(d)). (2) C
OMMITTEE .—The Secretary shall co-ordinate the management responsibilities of the Secretary under this section with the Lower Farmington River and Salmon Brook Wild and Scenic Committee, as specified in the management plan. (3) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In order to provide for the long-term protection, preservation, and enhancement of the river segment des-ignated by subsection (a), the Secretary is authorized to enter into cooperative agree-ments pursuant to sections 10(e) and 11(b)(1) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act with— (i) the State of Connecticut; (ii) the towns of Avon, Bloomfield, Bur-lington, East Granby, Farmington, Granby, Hartland, Simsbury, and Windsor in Con-necticut; and (iii) appropriate local planning and envi-ronmental organizations. (B) C
ONSISTENCY .—All cooperative agree-ments provided for under this section shall be consistent with the management plan and may include provisions for financial or other assistance from the United States. (4) L
AND MANAGEMENT .— (A) Z
ONING ORDINANCES .—For the purposes of the segments designated in subsection (a), the zoning ordinances adopted by the towns in Avon, Bloomfield, Burlington, East Gran-by, Farmington, Granby, Hartland, Simsbury, and Windsor in Connecticut, in-cluding provisions for conservation of floodplains, wetlands and watercourses asso-ciated with the segments, shall be deemed to satisfy the standards and requirements of section 6(c) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1277(c)). (B) A
CQUISITION OF LAND .—The provisions of section 6(c) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1277(c)) that prohibit Federal acquisition of lands by condemnation shall apply to the segments designated in sub-section (a). The authority of the Secretary to acquire lands for the purposes of the seg-ments designated in subsection (a) shall be limited to acquisition by donation or acqui-sition with the consent of the owner of the lands, and shall be subject to the additional criteria set forth in the management plan. (5) R
AINBOW DAM .—The designation made by subsection (a) shall not be construed to— (A) prohibit, pre-empt, or abridge the po-tential future licensing of the Rainbow Dam and Reservoir (including any and all aspects of its facilities, operations and transmission lines) by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission as a federally licensed hydro-electric generation project under the Federal Power Act, provided that the Commission may, in the discretion of the Commission and consistent with this section, establish such reasonable terms and conditions in a hydropower license for Rainbow Dam as are necessary to reduce impacts identified by the Secretary as invading or unreasonably diminishing the scenic, recreational, and fish and wildlife values of the segments des-ignated by subsection (a); or (B) affect the operation of, or impose any flow or release requirements on, the unli-censed hydroelectric facility at Rainbow Dam and Reservoir. (6) R
ELATION TO NATIONAL PARK SYSTEM .— Notwithstanding section 10(c) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1281(c)), the Lower Farmington River shall not be admin-istered as part of the National Park System or be subject to regulations which govern the National Park System. (c) FARMINGTON RIVER, CONNECTICUT , DES-
IGNATION REVISION .—Section 3(a)(156) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1274(a)) is amended in the first sentence— (1) by striking ‘‘14-mile’’ and inserting ‘‘15.1-mile’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘to the downstream end of the New Hartford-Canton, Connecticut town line’’ and inserting ‘‘to the confluence with the Nepaug River’’. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section: (1) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘man-agement plan’’ means the management plan prepared by the Salmon Brook Wild and Sce-nic Study Committee entitled the ‘‘Lower Farmington River and Salmon Brook Man-agement Plan’’ and dated June 2011. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 6103. SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY OF PRESI-DENT STREET STATION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (2) S
TUDY AREA .—The term ‘‘study area’’ means the President Street Station, a rail-road terminal in Baltimore, Maryland, the history of which is tied to the growth of the railroad industry in the 19th century, the Civil War, the Underground Railroad, and the immigrant influx of the early 20th cen-tury. (b) S
PECIAL RESOURCE STUDY .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Secretary shall conduct a special resource study of the study area. (2) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— (A) evaluate the national significance of the study area; (B) determine the suitability and feasi-bility of designating the study area as a unit of the National Park System; (C) consider other alternatives for preser-vation, protection, and interpretation of the study area by the Federal Government, State or local government entities, or pri-vate and nonprofit organizations; (D) consult with interested Federal agen-cies, State or local governmental entities, private and nonprofit organizations, or any other interested individuals; and (E) identify cost estimates for any Federal acquisition, development, interpretation, op-eration, and maintenance associated with the alternatives. (3) A
PPLICABLE LAW .—The study required under paragraph (1) shall be conducted in ac-cordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code. (4) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are first made avail-able for the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that describes— (A) the results of the study; and (B) any conclusions and recommendations of the Secretary. 
SEC. 6104. SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY OF THURGOOD MARSHALL’S ELEMEN-TARY SCHOOL. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (2) S
TUDY AREA .—The term ‘‘study area’’ means— (A) P.S. 103, the public school located in West Baltimore, Maryland, which Thurgood Marshall attended as a youth; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.037 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES518 February 2, 2016 
(B) any other resources in the neighbor-hood surrounding P.S. 103 that relate to the early life of Thurgood Marshall. (b) S
PECIAL RESOURCE STUDY .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Secretary shall conduct a special resource study of the study area. (2) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— (A) evaluate the national significance of the study area; (B) determine the suitability and feasi-bility of designating the study area as a unit of the National Park System; (C) consider other alternatives for preser-vation, protection, and interpretation of the study area by the Federal Government, State or local government entities, or pri-vate and nonprofit organizations; (D) consult with interested Federal agen-cies, State or local governmental entities, private and nonprofit organizations, or any other interested individuals; and (E) identify cost estimates for any Federal acquisition, development, interpretation, op-eration, and maintenance associated with the alternatives. (3) A
PPLICABLE LAW .—The study required under paragraph (1) shall be conducted in ac-cordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code. (4) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are first made avail-able to carry out the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that describes— (A) the results of the study; and (B) any conclusions and recommendations of the Secretary. 
SEC. 6105. SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY OF JAMES K. POLK PRESIDENTIAL HOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the In-terior (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct a special re-source study of the site of the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Tennessee, and adjacent property (referred to in this section as the ‘‘site’’). (b) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary shall conduct the study under subsection (a) in accordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code. (c) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) evaluate the national significance of the site; (2) determine the suitability and feasi-bility of designating the site as a unit of the National Park System; (3) include cost estimates for any nec-essary acquisition, development, operation, and maintenance of the site; (4) consult with interested Federal, State, or local governmental entities, private and nonprofit organizations, or other interested individuals; and (5) identify alternatives for the manage-ment, administration, and protection of the site. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are made available to carry out the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that describes— (1) the findings and conclusions of the study; and (2) any recommendations of the Secretary. 
SEC. 6106. NORTH COUNTRY NATIONAL SCENIC TRAIL ROUTE ADJUSTMENT. 
(a) R OUTE ADJUSTMENT .—Section 5(a)(8) of the National Trails System Act (16 U.S.C. 1244(a)(8)) is amended in the first sentence— (1) by striking ‘‘thirty two hundred miles, extending from eastern New York State’’ and inserting ‘‘4,600 miles, extending from the Appalachian Trail in Vermont’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Proposed North Country Trail’’ and all that follows through ‘‘June 1975.’’ and inserting ‘‘‘North Country Na-tional Scenic Trail, Authorized Route’ dated February 2014, and numbered 649/116870.’’. (b) NOCONDEMNATION .—Section 5(a)(8) of the National Trails System Act (16 U.S.C. 1244(a)(8)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘No land or interest in land outside of the exterior boundary of any Fed-erally administered area may be acquired by the Federal Government for the trail by con-demnation.’’. 
SEC. 6107. DESIGNATION OF JAY S. HAMMOND WILDERNESS AREA. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The approximately 2,600,000 acres of National Wilderness Preser-vation System land located within the Lake Clark National Park and Preserve designated by section 201(e)(7)(a) of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 410hh(e)(7)(a)) shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Jay S. Hammond Wilderness Area’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the wilderness area referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Jay S. Hammond Wilderness Area’’. 
SEC. 6108. ADVISORY COUNCIL ON HISTORIC PRESERVATION. 
Section 304101(a) of title 54, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (8), (9), (10), and (11) as paragraphs (9), (10), (11), and (12), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) The General Chairman of the National Association of Tribal Historic Preservation Officers.’’. 
SEC. 6109. ESTABLISHMENT OF A VISITOR SERV-ICES FACILITY ON THE ARLINGTON RIDGE TRACT. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ARLINGTON RIDGE T
RACT .—In this section, the term ‘‘Arlington Ridge tract’’ means the parcel of Federal land located in Arlington County, Virginia, known as the ‘‘Nevius Tract’’ and transferred to the Department of the Interior in 1953, that is bounded generally by— (1) Arlington Boulevard (United States Route 50) to the north; (2) Jefferson Davis Highway (Virginia Route 110) to the east; (3) Marshall Drive to the south; and (4) North Meade Street to the west. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF VISITOR SERVICES  F
ACILITY .—Notwithstanding section 2863(g) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2002 (Public Law 107–107; 115 Stat. 1332), the Secretary of the Interior may construct a structure for visitor serv-ices to include a public restroom facility on the Arlington Ridge tract in the area of the United States Marine Corps War Memorial. Subtitle C—Sportsmen’s Access and Land Management Issues PART I—NATIONAL POLICY 
SEC. 6201. CONGRESSIONAL DECLARATION OF NATIONAL POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Congress declares that it is the policy of the United States that Fed-eral departments and agencies, in accord-ance with the missions of the departments and agencies, Executive Orders 12962 and 13443 (60 Fed. Reg. 30769 (June 7, 1995); 72 Fed. Reg. 46537 (August 16, 2007)), and applicable law, shall— (1) facilitate the expansion and enhance-ment of hunting, fishing, and recreational shooting opportunities on Federal land, in consultation with the Wildlife and Hunting Heritage Conservation Council, the Sport Fishing and Boating Partnership Council, State and tribal fish and wildlife agencies, and the public; (2) conserve and enhance aquatic systems and the management of game species and the habitat of those species on Federal land, in-cluding through hunting and fishing, in a manner that respects— (A) State management authority over wildlife resources; and (B) private property rights; and (3) consider hunting, fishing, and rec-reational shooting opportunities as part of all Federal plans for land, resource, and trav-el management. (b) EXCLUSION .—In this subtitle, the term ‘‘fishing’’ does not include commercial fish-ing in which fish are harvested, either in whole or in part, that are intended to enter commerce through sale. PART II—SPORTSMEN’S ACCESS TO FEDERAL LAND 
SEC. 6211. DEFINITIONS. 
In this part: (1) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means— (A) any land in the National Forest Sys-tem (as defined in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Plan-ning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a))) that is ad-ministered by the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Serv-ice; and (B) public lands (as defined in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702)), the surface of which is administered by the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the Bureau of Land Management. (2) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-retary concerned’’ means— (A) the Secretary of Agriculture, with re-spect to land described in paragraph (1)(A); and (B) the Secretary of the Interior, with re-spect to land described in paragraph (1)(B). 
SEC. 6212. FEDERAL LAND OPEN TO HUNTING, FISHING, AND RECREATIONAL SHOOTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), Federal land shall be open to hunting, fish-ing, and recreational shooting, in accordance with applicable law, unless the Secretary concerned closes an area in accordance with section 6213. (b) E
FFECT OF PART.—Nothing in this part opens to hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting any land that is not open to those activities as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6213. CLOSURE OF FEDERAL LAND TO HUNT-ING, FISHING, AND RECREATIONAL SHOOTING. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2) and in accordance with section 302(b) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1732(b)), the Secretary con-cerned may designate any area on Federal land in which, and establish any period dur-ing which, for reasons of public safety, ad-ministration, or compliance with applicable laws, no hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting shall be permitted. (2) R
EQUIREMENT .—In making a designation under paragraph (1), the Secretary concerned shall designate the smallest area for the least amount of time that is required for public safety, administration, or compliance with applicable laws. (b) C
LOSURE PROCEDURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except in an emergency, before permanently or temporarily closing any Federal land to hunting, fishing, or rec-reational shooting, the Secretary concerned shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.037 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S519 February 2, 2016 
(A) consult with State fish and wildlife agencies; and (B) provide public notice and opportunity for comment under paragraph (2). (2) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Public notice and com-ment shall include— (i) a notice of intent— (I) published in advance of the public com-ment period for the closure— (aa) in the Federal Register; (bb) on the website of the applicable Fed-eral agency; (cc) on the website of the Federal land unit, if available; and (dd) in at least 1 local newspaper; (II) made available in advance of the public comment period to local offices, chapters, and affiliate organizations in the vicinity of the closure that are signatories to the memorandum of understanding entitled ‘‘Federal Lands Hunting, Fishing, and Shoot-ing Sports Roundtable Memorandum of Un-derstanding’’; and (III) that describes— (aa) the proposed closure; and (bb) the justification for the proposed clo-sure, including an explanation of the reasons and necessity for the decision to close the area to hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting; and (ii) an opportunity for public comment for a period of— (I) not less than 60 days for a permanent closure; or (II) not less than 30 days for a temporary closure. (B) F
INAL DECISION .—In a final decision to permanently or temporarily close an area to hunting, fishing, or recreation shooting, the Secretary concerned shall— (i) respond in a reasoned manner to the comments received; (ii) explain how the Secretary concerned resolved any significant issues raised by the comments; and (iii) show how the resolution led to the clo-sure. (c) T
EMPORARY CLOSURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A temporary closure under this section may not exceed a period of 180 days. (2) R
ENEWAL .—Except in an emergency, a temporary closure for the same area of land closed to the same activities— (A) may not be renewed more than 3 times after the first temporary closure; and (B) must be subject to a separate notice and comment procedure in accordance with subsection (b)(2). (3) E
FFECT OF TEMPORARY CLOSURE .—Any Federal land that is temporarily closed to hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting under this section shall not become perma-nently closed to that activity without a sep-arate public notice and opportunity to com-ment in accordance with subsection (b)(2). (d) R
EPORTING .—On an annual basis, the Secretaries concerned shall— (1) publish on a public website a list of all areas of Federal land temporarily or perma-nently subject to a closure under this sec-tion; and (2) submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Re-sources and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives a report that identifies— (A) a list of each area of Federal land tem-porarily or permanently subject to a closure; (B) the acreage of each closure; and (C) a survey of— (i) the aggregate areas and acreage closed under this section in each State; and (ii) the percentage of Federal land in each State closed under this section with respect to hunting, fishing, and recreational shoot-ing. (e) APPLICATION .—This section shall not apply if the closure is— (1) less than 14 days in duration; and (2) covered by a special use permit. 
SEC. 6214. SHOOTING RANGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary concerned may, in accordance with this section and other ap-plicable law, lease or permit the use of Fed-eral land for a shooting range. (b) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary concerned shall not lease or permit the use of Federal land for a shooting range, within— (1) a component of the National Landscape Conservation System; (2) a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System; (3) any area that is— (A) designated as a wilderness study area; (B) administratively classified as— (i) wilderness-eligible; or (ii) wilderness-suitable; or (C) a primitive or semiprimitive area; (4) a national monument, national volcanic monument, or national scenic area; or (5) a component of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System (including areas des-ignated for study for potential addition to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers Sys-tem). 
SEC. 6215. FEDERAL ACTION TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF EQUAL ACCESS TO JUS-
TICE PROVISIONS .— (1) A
GENCY PROCEEDINGS .—Section 504 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘, United States Code’’; (B) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (i); and (C) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(e)(1) Not later than March 31 of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enact-ment of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, and every fiscal year thereafter, the Chairman of the Administrative Con-ference of the United States, after consulta-tion with the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration, shall submit to Congress and make publicly avail-able online a report on the amount of fees and other expenses awarded during the pre-ceding fiscal year under this section. ‘‘(2) Each report under paragraph (1) shall describe the number, nature, and amount of the awards, the claims involved in the con-troversy, and any other relevant information that may aid Congress in evaluating the scope and impact of such awards. ‘‘(3)(A) Each report under paragraph (1) shall account for all payments of fees and other expenses awarded under this section that are made pursuant to a settlement agreement, regardless of whether the settle-ment agreement is sealed or otherwise sub-ject to a nondisclosure provision. ‘‘(B) The disclosure of fees and other ex-penses required under subparagraph (A) shall not affect any other information that is sub-ject to a nondisclosure provision in a settle-ment agreement. ‘‘(f) As soon as practicable, and in any event not later than the date on which the first report under subsection (e)(1) is re-quired to be submitted, the Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States shall create and maintain online a searchable database containing, with respect to each award of fees and other expenses under this section made on or after the date of enactment of the Energy Policy Mod-ernization Act of 2016, the following informa-tion: ‘‘(1) The case name and number of the ad-versary adjudication, if available, hyperlinked to the case, if available. ‘‘(2) The name of the agency involved in the adversary adjudication. ‘‘(3) A description of the claims in the ad-versary adjudication. ‘‘(4) The name of each party to whom the award was made as such party is identified in the order or other court document making the award. ‘‘(5) The amount of the award. ‘‘(6) The basis for the finding that the posi-tion of the agency concerned was not sub-stantially justified. ‘‘(g) The online searchable database de-scribed in subsection (f) may not reveal any information the disclosure of which is pro-hibited by law or a court order. ‘‘(h) The head of each agency shall provide to the Chairman of the Administrative Con-ference of the United States in a timely manner all information requested by the Chairman to comply with the requirements of subsections (e), (f), and (g).’’. (2) COURT CASES .—Section 2412(d) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) Not later than March 31 of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enact-ment of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, and every fiscal year thereafter, the Chairman of the Administrative Con-ference of the United States shall submit to Congress and make publicly available online a report on the amount of fees and other ex-penses awarded during the preceding fiscal year pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(B) Each report under subparagraph (A) shall describe the number, nature, and amount of the awards, the claims involved in the controversy, and any other relevant in-formation that may aid Congress in evalu-ating the scope and impact of such awards. ‘‘(C)(i) Each report under subparagraph (A) shall account for all payments of fees and other expenses awarded under this sub-section that are made pursuant to a settle-ment agreement, regardless of whether the settlement agreement is sealed or otherwise subject to a nondisclosure provision. ‘‘(ii) The disclosure of fees and other ex-penses required under clause (i) shall not af-fect any other information that is subject to a nondisclosure provision in a settlement agreement. ‘‘(D) The Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States shall include and clearly identify in each annual report under subparagraph (A), for each case in which an award of fees and other expenses is included in the report— ‘‘(i) any amounts paid under section 1304 of title 31 for a judgment in the case; ‘‘(ii) the amount of the award of fees and other expenses; and ‘‘(iii) the statute under which the plaintiff filed suit. ‘‘(6) As soon as practicable, and in any event not later than the date on which the first report under paragraph (5)(A) is re-quired to be submitted, the Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States shall create and maintain online a searchable database containing, with respect to each award of fees and other expenses under this subsection made on or after the date of enactment of the Energy Policy Mod-ernization Act of 2016, the following informa-tion: ‘‘(A) The case name and number, hyperlinked to the case, if available. ‘‘(B) The name of the agency involved in the case. ‘‘(C) The name of each party to whom the award was made as such party is identified in the order or other court document making the award. ‘‘(D) A description of the claims in the case. ‘‘(E) The amount of the award. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.037 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES520 February 2, 2016 
‘‘(F) The basis for the finding that the po-sition of the agency concerned was not sub-stantially justified. ‘‘(7) The online searchable database de-scribed in paragraph (6) may not reveal any information the disclosure of which is pro-hibited by law or a court order. ‘‘(8) The head of each agency (including the Attorney General of the United States) shall provide to the Chairman of the Administra-tive Conference of the United States in a timely manner all information requested by the Chairman to comply with the require-ments of paragraphs (5), (6), and (7).’’. (3) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 2412 of title 28, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (d)(3), by striking ‘‘United States Code,’’; and (B) in subsection (e)— (i) by striking ‘‘of section 2412 of title 28, United States Code,’’ and inserting ‘‘of this section’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘of such title’’ and insert-ing ‘‘of this title’’. (b) J
UDGMENT FUND TRANSPARENCY .—Sec- tion 1304 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) Beginning not later than the date that is 60 days after the date of enactment of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, and unless the disclosure of such information is otherwise prohibited by law or a court order, the Secretary of the Treasury shall make available to the public on a website, as soon as practicable, but not later than 30 days after the date on which a payment under this section is tendered, the following informa-tion with regard to that payment: ‘‘(1) The name of the specific agency or en-tity whose actions gave rise to the claim or judgment. ‘‘(2) The name of the plaintiff or claimant. ‘‘(3) The name of counsel for the plaintiff or claimant. ‘‘(4) The amount paid representing prin-cipal liability, and any amounts paid rep-resenting any ancillary liability, including attorney fees, costs, and interest. ‘‘(5) A brief description of the facts that gave rise to the claim. ‘‘(6) The name of the agency that sub-mitted the claim.’’. PART III—FILMING ON FEDERAL LAND MANAGEMENT AGENCY LAND 
SEC. 6221. COMMERCIAL FILMING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1 of Public Law 106–206 (16 U.S.C. 460l–6d) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (a) through (f) as subsections (b) through (g), re-spectively; (2) by inserting before subsection (b) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(a) D
EFINITION OF SECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of the Inte-rior or the Secretary of Agriculture, as ap-plicable, with respect to land under the re-spective jurisdiction of the Secretary.’’; (3) in subsection (b) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture (hereafter individually referred to as the ‘Secretary’ with respect to land (except land in a System unit as defined in section 100102 of title 54, United States Code) under their respective jurisdictions)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, ex-cept in the case of film crews of 3 or fewer in-dividuals’’ before the period at the end; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) F
EE SCHEDULE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the En-ergy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, to en-hance consistency in the management of Federal land, the Secretaries shall publish a single joint land use fee schedule for com-mercial filming and still photography.’’; (4) in subsection (c) (as so redesignated), in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)’’; (5) in subsection (d) (as so redesignated), in the heading, by inserting ‘‘Commercial’’ be-fore ‘‘Still’’; (6) in paragraph (1) of subsection (f) (as so redesignated), by inserting ‘‘in accordance with the Federal Lands Recreation Enhance-ment Act (16 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.),’’ after ‘‘without further appropriation,’’; (7) in subsection (g) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The Secretary shall not consider subject matter or content as a criterion for issuing or denying a permit under this Act.’’; and (8) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) E
XEMPTION FROMCOMMERCIAL FILMING  
ORSTILL PHOTOGRAPHY PERMITS AND FEES.— The Secretary shall not require persons hold-ing commercial use authorizations or special recreation permits to obtain an additional permit or pay a fee for commercial filming or still photography under this Act if the filming or photography conducted is— ‘‘(1) incidental to the permitted activity that is the subject of the commercial use au-thorization or special recreation permit; and ‘‘(2) the holder of the commercial use au-thorization or special recreation permit is an individual or small business concern (within the meaning of section 3 of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 632)). ‘‘(i) E
XCEPTION FROM CERTAIN FEES.—Com- mercial filming or commercial still photog-raphy shall be exempt from fees under this Act, but not from recovery of costs under subsection (c), if the activity— ‘‘(1) is conducted by an entity that is a small business concern (within the meaning of section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)); ‘‘(2) is conducted by a crew of not more than 3 individuals; and ‘‘(3) uses only a camera and tripod. ‘‘(j) A
PPLICABILITY TO NEWSGATHERING AC-
TIVITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—News gathering shall not be considered a commercial activity. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUDED ACTIVITIES .—In this sub-section, the term ‘news gathering’ includes, at a minimum, the gathering, recording, and filming of news and information related to news in any medium.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 1009 of title 54, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by striking section 100905; and (2) in the table of sections for chapter 1009 of title 54, United States Code, by striking the item relating to section 100905. PART IV—BOWS, WILDLIFE MANAGEMENT, AND ACCESS OPPORTUNITIES FOR RECREATION, HUNTING, AND FISHING 
SEC. 6231. BOWS IN PARKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1049 of title 54, United States Code (as amended by section 5001(a)), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 104909. Bows in parks ‘‘(a) D
EFINITION OF NOTREADY FOR IMME-
DIATE USE.—The term ‘not ready for imme-diate use’ means— ‘‘(1) a bow or crossbow, the arrows of which are secured or stowed in a quiver or other arrow transport case; and ‘‘(2) with respect to a crossbow, uncocked. ‘‘(b) V
EHICULAR TRANSPORTATION AUTHOR -
IZED.—The Director shall not promulgate or enforce any regulation that prohibits an in-dividual from transporting bows and cross-bows that are not ready for immediate use across any System unit in the vehicle of the individual if— ‘‘(1) the individual is not otherwise prohib-ited by law from possessing the bows and crossbows; ‘‘(2) the bows or crossbows that are not ready for immediate use remain inside the vehicle of the individual throughout the pe-riod during which the bows or crossbows are transported across System land; and ‘‘(3) the possession of the bows and cross-bows is in compliance with the law of the State in which the System unit is located.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 1049 of title 54, United States Code (as amended by section 5001(b)), is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 104908 the following: ‘‘104909. Bows in parks.’’. 
SEC. 6232. WILDLIFE MANAGEMENT IN PARKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1049 of title 54, United States Code (as amended by section 6231(a)), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 104910. WILDLIFE MANAGEMENT IN PARKS. 
‘‘(a) U SE OF QUALIFIED VOLUNTEERS .—If the Secretary determines it is necessary to re-duce the size of a wildlife population on Sys-tem land in accordance with applicable law (including regulations), the Secretary may use qualified volunteers to assist in carrying out wildlife management on System land. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR QUALIFIED VOLUN -
TEERS .—Qualified volunteers providing as-sistance under subsection (a) shall be subject to— ‘‘(1) any training requirements or quali-fications established by the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) any other terms and conditions that the Secretary may require.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 1049 of title 54 (as amended by section 6231(b)), United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 104909 the following: ‘‘104910. Wildlife management in parks.’’. 
SEC. 6233. IDENTIFYING OPPORTUNITIES FOR RECREATION, HUNTING, AND FISH-ING ON FEDERAL LAND. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means— (A) the Secretary of the Interior, with re-spect to land administered by— (i) the Director of the National Park Serv-ice; (ii) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; and (iii) the Director of the Bureau of Land Management; and (B) the Secretary of Agriculture, with re-spect to land administered by the Chief of the Forest Service. (2) S
TATE OR REGIONAL OFFICE .—The term ‘‘State or regional office’’ means— (A) a State office of the Bureau of Land Management; or (B) a regional office of— (i) the National Park Service; (ii) the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; or (iii) the Forest Service. (3) T
RAVEL MANAGEMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘travel management plan’’ means a plan for the management of travel— (A) with respect to land under the jurisdic-tion of the National Park Service, on park roads and designated routes under section 4.10 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations); (B) with respect to land under the jurisdic-tion of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, on the land under a comprehensive conservation plan prepared under section 4(e) of the National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 668dd(e)); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.037 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S521 February 2, 2016 
(C) with respect to land under the jurisdic-tion of the Forest Service, on National For-est System land under part 212 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations); and (D) with respect to land under the jurisdic-tion of the Bureau of Land Management, under a resource management plan devel-oped under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (b) P
RIORITY LISTSREQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, an-nually during the 10-year period beginning on the date on which the first priority list is completed, and every 5 years after the end of the 10-year period, the Secretary shall pre-pare a priority list, to be made publicly available on the website of the applicable Federal agency referred to in subsection (a)(1), which shall identify the location and acreage of land within the jurisdiction of each State or regional office on which the public is allowed, under Federal or State law, to hunt, fish, or use the land for other recreational purposes but— (A) to which there is no public access or egress; or (B) to which public access or egress to the legal boundaries of the land is significantly restricted (as determined by the Secretary). (2) M
INIMUM SIZE .—Any land identified under paragraph (1) shall consist of contig-uous acreage of at least 640 acres. (3) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In preparing the pri-ority list required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider with respect to the land— (A) whether access is absent or merely re-stricted, including the extent of the restric-tion; (B) the likelihood of resolving the absence of or restriction to public access; (C) the potential for recreational use; (D) any information received from the pub-lic or other stakeholders during the nomina-tion process described in paragraph (5); and (E) any other factor as determined by the Secretary. (4) A
DJACENT LAND STATUS .—For each par-cel of land on the priority list, the Secretary shall include in the priority list whether re-solving the issue of public access or egress to the land would require acquisition of an easement, right-of-way, or fee title from— (A) another Federal agency; (B) a State, local, or tribal government; or (C) a private landowner. (5) N
OMINATION PROCESS .—In preparing a priority list under this section, the Sec-retary shall provide an opportunity for mem-bers of the public to nominate parcels for in-clusion on the priority list. (c) A
CCESS OPTIONS .—With respect to land included on a priority list described in sub-section (b), the Secretary shall develop and submit to the Committees on Appropriations and Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committees on Appropria-tions and Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report on options for pro-viding access that— (1) identifies how public access and egress could reasonably be provided to the legal boundaries of the land in a manner that minimizes the impact on wildlife habitat and water quality; (2) specifies the steps recommended to se-cure the access and egress, including acquir-ing an easement, right-of-way, or fee title from a willing owner of any land that abuts the land or the need to coordinate with State land management agencies or other Federal, State, or tribal governments to allow for such access and egress; and (3) is consistent with the travel manage-ment plan in effect on the land. (d) PROTECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTI -
FYING INFORMATION .—In making the priority list and report prepared under subsections (b) and (c) available, the Secretary shall en-sure that no personally identifying informa-tion is included, such as names or addresses of individuals or entities. (e) W
ILLING OWNERS .—For purposes of pro-viding any permits to, or entering into agreements with, a State, local, or tribal government or private landowner with re-spect to the use of land under the jurisdic-tion of the government or landowner, the Secretary shall not take into account wheth-er the State, local, or tribal government or private landowner has granted or denied pub-lic access or egress to the land. (f) M
EANS OF PUBLIC ACCESS AND EGRESS  I
NCLUDED .—In considering public access and egress under subsections (b) and (c), the Sec-retary shall consider public access and egress to the legal boundaries of the land described in those subsections, including access and egress— (1) by motorized or non-motorized vehicles; and (2) on foot or horseback. (g) E
FFECT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—This section shall have no effect on whether a particular recreational use shall be allowed on the land included in a priority list under this section. (2) E
FFECT OF ALLOWABLE USES ON AGENCY  
CONSIDERATION .—In preparing the priority list under subsection (b), the Secretary shall only consider recreational uses that are al-lowed on the land at the time that the pri-ority list is prepared. PART V—FEDERAL LAND TRANSACTION FACILITATION ACT 
SEC. 6241. FEDERAL LAND TRANSACTION FACILI-TATION ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Federal Land Trans-action Facilitation Act is amended— (1) in section 203(2) (43 U.S.C. 2302(2)), by striking ‘‘on the date of enactment of this Act was’’ and inserting ‘‘is’’; (2) in section 205 (43 U.S.C. 2304)— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘(as in ef-fect on the date of enactment of this Act)’’; and (B) by striking subsection (d); (3) in section 206 (43 U.S.C. 2305), by strik-ing subsection (f); and (4) in section 207(b) (43 U.S.C. 2306(b))— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘96–568’’ and inserting ‘‘96– 586’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semi-colon; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘Public Law 105–263;’’ be-fore ‘‘112 Stat.’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) the White Pine County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–432; 120 Stat. 3028); ‘‘(4) the Lincoln County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–424; 118 Stat. 2403); ‘‘(5) subtitle F of title I of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 1132 note; Public Law 111–11); ‘‘(6) subtitle O of title I of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 460www note, 1132 note; Public Law 111–11); ‘‘(7) section 2601 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1108); or ‘‘(8) section 2606 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1121).’’. (b) F
UNDS TO TREASURY .—Of the amounts deposited in the Federal Land Disposal Ac-count, there shall be transferred to the gen-eral fund of the Treasury $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. PART VI—MISCELLANEOUS SEC. 6251. RESPECT FOR TREATIES AND RIGHTS. 
Nothing in this subtitle or the amend-ments made by this subtitle— (1) affects or modifies any treaty or other right of any federally recognized Indian tribe; or (2) modifies any provision of Federal law relating to migratory birds or to endangered or threatened species. 
SEC. 6252. NO PRIORITY. 
Nothing in this subtitle or the amend-ments made by this subtitle provides a pref-erence to hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting over any other use of Federal land or water. Subtitle D—Water Infrastructure and Related Matters PART I—FONTENELLE RESERVOIR 
SEC. 6301. AUTHORITY TO MAKE ENTIRE ACTIVE CAPACITY OF FONTENELLE RES-ERVOIR AVAILABLE FOR USE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the In-terior, in cooperation with the State of Wyo-ming, may amend the Definite Plan Report for the Seedskadee Project authorized under the first section of the Act of April 11, 1956 (commonly known as the ‘‘Colorado River Storage Project Act’’) (43 U.S.C. 620), to pro-vide for the study, design, planning, and con-struction activities that will enable the use of all active storage capacity (as may be de-fined or limited by legal, hydrologic, struc-tural, engineering, economic, and environ-mental considerations) of Fontenelle Dam and Reservoir, including the placement of sufficient riprap on the upstream face of Fontenelle Dam to allow the active storage capacity of Fontenelle Reservoir to be used for those purposes for which the Seedskadee Project was authorized. (b) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior may enter into any contract, grant, co-operative agreement, or other agreement that is necessary to carry out subsection (a). (2) S
TATE OF WYOMING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the In-terior shall enter into a cooperative agree-ment with the State of Wyoming to work in cooperation and collaboratively with the State of Wyoming for planning, design, re-lated preconstruction activities, and con-struction of any modification of the Fontenelle Dam under subsection (a). (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The cooperative agreement under subparagraph (A) shall, at a minimum, specify the responsibilities of the Secretary of the Interior and the State of Wyoming with respect to— (i) completing the planning and final de-sign of the modification of the Fontenelle Dam under subsection (a); (ii) any environmental and cultural re-source compliance activities required for the modification of the Fontenelle Dam under subsection (a) including compliance with— (I) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (II) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and (III) subdivision 2 of division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code; and (iii) the construction of the modification of the Fontenelle Dam under subsection (a). (c) F
UNDING BY STATE OF WYOMING .—Pursu- ant to the Act of March 4, 1921 (41 Stat. 1404, chapter 161; 43 U.S.C. 395), and as a condition of providing any additional storage under subsection (a), the State of Wyoming shall provide to the Secretary of the Interior funds for any work carried out under sub-section (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.037 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES522 February 2, 2016 
(d) O THER CONTRACTING AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior may enter into contracts with the State of Wyoming, on such terms and conditions as the Secretary of the Interior and the State of Wyoming may agree, for division of any additional active capacity made available under subsection (a). (2) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Unless other-wise agreed to by the Secretary of the Inte-rior and the State of Wyoming, a contract entered into under paragraph (1) shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Bu-reau of Reclamation Contract No. 14–06–400– 2474 and Bureau of Reclamation Contract No. 14–06–400–6193. 
SEC. 6302. SAVINGS PROVISIONS. 
Unless expressly provided in this part, nothing in this part modifies, conflicts with, preempts, or otherwise affects— (1) the Act of December 31, 1928 (43 U.S.C. 617 et seq.) (commonly known as the ‘‘Boul-der Canyon Project Act’’); (2) the Colorado River Compact of 1922, as approved by the Presidential Proclamation of June 25, 1929 (46 Stat. 3000); (3) the Act of July 19, 1940 (43 U.S.C. 618 et seq.) (commonly known as the ‘‘Boulder Can-yon Project Adjustment Act’’); (4) the Treaty between the United States of America and Mexico relating to the utiliza-tion of waters of the Colorado and Tijuana Rivers and of the Rio Grande, and supple-mentary protocol signed November 14, 1944, signed at Washington February 3, 1944 (59 Stat. 1219); (5) the Upper Colorado River Basin Com-pact as consented to by the Act of April 6, 1949 (63 Stat. 31); (6) the Act of April 11, 1956 (commonly known as the ‘‘Colorado River Storage Project Act’’) (43 U.S.C. 620 et seq.); (7) the Colorado River Basin Project Act (Public Law 90–537; 82 Stat. 885); or (8) any State of Wyoming or other State water law. PART II—BUREAU OF RECLAMATION TRANSPARENCY 
SEC. 6311. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) the water resources infrastructure of the Bureau of Reclamation provides impor-tant benefits related to irrigated agri-culture, municipal and industrial water, hy-dropower, flood control, fish and wildlife, and recreation in the 17 Reclamation States; (2) as of 2013, the combined replacement value of the infrastructure assets of the Bu-reau of Reclamation was $94,500,000,000; (3) the majority of the water resources in-frastructure facilities of the Bureau of Rec-lamation are at least 60 years old; (4) the Bureau of Reclamation has pre-viously undertaken efforts to better manage the assets of the Bureau of Reclamation, in-cluding an annual review of asset mainte-nance activities of the Bureau of Reclama-tion known as the ‘‘Asset Management Plan’’; and (5) actionable information on infrastruc-ture conditions at the asset level, including information on maintenance needs at indi-vidual assets due to aging infrastructure, is needed for Congress to conduct oversight of Reclamation facilities and meet the needs of the public. 
SEC. 6312. DEFINITIONS. 
In this part: (1) A
SSET.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘asset’’ means any of the following assets that are used to achieve the mission of the Bureau of Rec-lamation to manage, develop, and protect water and related resources in an environ-mentally and economically sound manner in the interest of the people of the United States: (i) Capitalized facilities, buildings, struc-tures, project features, power production equipment, recreation facilities, or quarters. (ii) Capitalized and noncapitalized heavy equipment and other installed equipment. (B) INCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘asset’’ includes assets described in subparagraph (A) that are considered to be mission critical. (2) A
SSET MANAGEMENT REPORT .—The term ‘‘Asset Management Report’’ means— (A) the annual plan prepared by the Bureau of Reclamation known as the ‘‘Asset Man-agement Plan’’; and (B) any publicly available information re-lating to the plan described in subparagraph (A) that summarizes the efforts of the Bu-reau of Reclamation to evaluate and manage infrastructure assets of the Bureau of Rec-lamation. (3) M
AJOR REPAIR AND REHABILITATION  
NEED .—The term ‘‘major repair and rehabili-tation need’’ means major nonrecurring maintenance at a Reclamation facility, in-cluding maintenance related to the safety of dams, extraordinary maintenance of dams, deferred major maintenance activities, and all other significant repairs and extraor-dinary maintenance. (4) R
ECLAMATION FACILITY .—The term ‘‘Reclamation facility’’ means each of the in-frastructure assets that are owned by the Bureau of Reclamation at a Reclamation project. (5) R
ECLAMATION PROJECT .—The term ‘‘Rec-lamation project’’ means a project that is owned by the Bureau of Reclamation, includ-ing all reserved works and transferred works owned by the Bureau of Reclamation. (6) R
ESERVED WORKS .—The term ‘‘reserved works’’ means buildings, structures, facili-ties, or equipment that are owned by the Bu-reau of Reclamation for which operations and maintenance are performed by employ-ees of the Bureau of Reclamation or through a contract entered into by the Bureau of Reclamation, regardless of the source of funding for the operations and maintenance. (7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (8) T
RANSFERRED WORKS .—The term ‘‘trans-ferred works’’ means a Reclamation facility at which operations and maintenance of the facility is carried out by a non-Federal enti-ty under the provisions of a formal oper-ations and maintenance transfer contract or other legal agreement with the Bureau of Reclamation. 
SEC. 6313. ASSET MANAGEMENT REPORT EN-HANCEMENTS FOR RESERVED WORKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress an Asset Management Report that— (1) describes the efforts of the Bureau of Reclamation— (A) to maintain in a reliable manner all re-served works at Reclamation facilities; and (B) to standardize and streamline data re-porting and processes across regions and areas for the purpose of maintaining re-served works at Reclamation facilities; and (2) expands on the information otherwise provided in an Asset Management Report, in accordance with subsection (b). (b) I
NFRASTRUCTURE MAINTENANCE NEEDS  A
SSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Asset Management Report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— (A) a detailed assessment of major repair and rehabilitation needs for all reserved works at all Reclamation projects; and (B) to the extent practicable, an itemized list of major repair and rehabilitation needs of individual Reclamation facilities at each Reclamation project. (2) INCLUSIONS .—To the extent practicable, the itemized list of major repair and reha-bilitation needs under paragraph (1)(B) shall include— (A) a budget level cost estimate of the ap-propriations needed to complete each item; and (B) an assignment of a categorical rating for each item, consistent with paragraph (3). (3) R
ATING REQUIREMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The system for assigning ratings under paragraph (2)(B) shall be— (i) consistent with existing uniform cat-egorization systems to inform the annual budget process and agency requirements; and (ii) subject to the guidance and instruc-tions issued under subparagraph (B). (B) G
UIDANCE .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall issue guidance that describes the applicability of the rating system appli-cable under paragraph (2)(B) to Reclamation facilities. (4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Except as pro-vided in paragraph (5), the Secretary shall make publicly available, including on the Internet, the Asset Management Report re-quired under subsection (a). (5) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—The Secretary may exclude from the public version of the Asset Management Report made available under paragraph (4) any information that the Sec-retary identifies as sensitive or classified, but shall make available to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a version of the report containing the sensitive or classi-fied information. (c) U
PDATES .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the Asset Management Re-port is submitted under subsection (a) and biennially thereafter, the Secretary shall up-date the Asset Management Report, subject to the requirements of section 6314(b)(2). (d) C
ONSULTATION .—To the extent that such consultation would assist the Secretary in preparing the Asset Management Report under subsection (a) and updates to the Asset Management Report under subsection (c), the Secretary shall consult with— (1) the Secretary of the Army (acting through the Chief of Engineers); and (2) water and power contractors. 
SEC. 6314. ASSET MANAGEMENT REPORT EN-HANCEMENTS FOR TRANSFERRED WORKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall co-ordinate with the non-Federal entities re-sponsible for the operation and maintenance of transferred works in developing reporting requirements for Asset Management Reports with respect to major repair and rehabilita-tion needs for transferred works that are similar to the reporting requirements de-scribed in section 6313(b). (b) G
UIDANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—After considering input from water and power contractors of the Bu-reau of Reclamation, the Secretary shall de-velop and implement a rating system for transferred works that incorporates, to the maximum extent practicable, the rating sys-tem for major repair and rehabilitation needs for reserved works developed under section 6313(b)(3). (2) U
PDATES .—The ratings system devel-oped under paragraph (1) shall be included in the updated Asset Management Reports under section 6313(c). 
SEC. 6315. OFFSET. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in the case of the project authorized by section 1617 of the Reclamation Projects Au-thorization and Adjustment Act of 1992 (43 U.S.C. 390h–12c), the maximum amount of the Federal share of the cost of the project 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.037 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S523 February 2, 2016 
under section 1631(d)(1) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 390h–13(d)(1)) otherwise available as of the date of enactment of this Act shall be re-duced by $2,000,000. PART III—YAKIMA RIVER BASIN WATER ENHANCEMENT 
SEC. 6321. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project Phase III Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 6322. MODIFICATION OF TERMS, PURPOSES, AND DEFINITIONS. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF TERMS .—Title XII of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4550) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘Yakama Indian’’ each place it appears (except section 1204(g)) and inserting ‘‘Yakama’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Superintendent’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Manager’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF PURPOSES .—Section 1201 of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4550) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) to protect, mitigate, and enhance fish and wildlife and the recovery and mainte-nance of self-sustaining harvestable popu-lations of fish and other aquatic life, both anadromous and resident species, throughout their historic distribution range in the Yak-ima Basin through— ‘‘(A) improved water management and the constructions of fish passage at storage and diversion dams, as authorized under the Hoo-ver Power Plant Act of 1984 (43 U.S.C. 619 et seq.); ‘‘(B) improved instream flows and water supplies; ‘‘(C) improved water quality, watershed, and ecosystem function; ‘‘(D) protection, creation, and enhance-ment of wetlands; and ‘‘(E) other appropriate means of habitat improvement;’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, munic-ipal, industrial, and domestic water supply and use purposes, especially during drought years, including reducing the frequency and severity of water supply shortages for pro- ratable irrigation entities’’ before the semi-colon at the end; (3) by striking paragraph (4); (4) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); (5) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) to authorize the Secretary to make water available for purchase or lease for meeting municipal, industrial, and domestic water supply purposes;’’; (6) by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (6) as paragraphs (6) and (8), respectively; (7) by inserting after paragraph (4) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(5) to realize sufficient water savings from implementing the Yakima River Basin Integrated Water Resource Management Plan, so that not less than 85,000 acre feet of water savings are achieved by implementing the first phase of the Integrated Plan pursu-ant to section 1213(a), in addition to the 165,000 acre feet of water savings targeted through the Basin Conservation Program, as authorized on October 31, 1994;’’; (8) in paragraph (6) (as so redesignated)— (A) by inserting ‘‘an increase in’’ before ‘‘voluntary’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (9) by inserting after paragraph (6) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(7) to encourage an increase in the use of, and reduce the barriers to, water transfers, leasing, markets, and other voluntary trans-actions among public and private entities to enhance water management in the Yakima River basin;’’; (10) in paragraph (8) (as redesignated by paragraph (6)), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (11) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) to improve the resilience of the eco-systems, economies, and communities in the Basin as they face drought, hydrologic changes, and other related changes and vari-ability in natural and human systems, for the benefit of both the people and the fish and wildlife of the region; and ‘‘(10) to authorize and implement the Yak-ima River Basin Integrated Water Resource Management Plan as Phase III of the Yak-ima River Basin Water Enhancement Project, as a balanced and cost-effective ap-proach to maximize benefits to the commu-nities and environment in the Basin.’’. (c) MODIFICATION OF DEFINITIONS .—Section 1202 of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4550) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (6), (7), (8), (9), (10), (11), (12), (13), and (14) as paragraphs (8), (10), (11), (13), (14), (15), (16), (18), and (19), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) D
ESIGNATED FEDERAL OFFICIAL .—The term ‘designated Federal official’ means the Commissioner of Reclamation (or a des-ignee), acting pursuant to the charter of the Conservation Advisory Group. ‘‘(7) I
NTEGRATED PLAN .—The terms ‘Inte-grated Plan’ and ‘Yakima River Basin Inte-grated Water Resource Plan’ mean the plan and activities authorized by the Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project Phase III Act of 2016 and the amendments made by that part, to be carried out in co-operation with and in addition to activities of the State of Washington and Yakama Na-tion.’’; (3) by inserting after paragraph (8) (as re-designated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(9) M
UNICIPAL , INDUSTRIAL , AND DOMESTIC  
WATER SUPPLY AND USE .—The term ‘munic-ipal, industrial, and domestic water supply and use’ means the supply and use of water for— ‘‘(A) domestic consumption (whether urban or rural); ‘‘(B) maintenance and protection of public health and safety; ‘‘(C) manufacture, fabrication, processing, assembly, or other production of a good or commodity; ‘‘(D) production of energy; ‘‘(E) fish hatcheries; or ‘‘(F) water conservation activities relating to a use described in subparagraphs (A) through (E).’’; (4) by inserting after paragraph (11) (as re-designated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(12) P
RORATABLE IRRIGATION ENTITY .—The term ‘proratable irrigation entity’ means a district, project, or State-recognized author-ity, board of control, agency, or entity lo-cated in the Yakima River basin that— ‘‘(A) manages and delivers irrigation water to farms in the basin; and ‘‘(B) possesses, or the members of which possess, water rights that are proratable dur-ing periods of water shortage.’’; and (5) by inserting after paragraph (16) (as re-designated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(17) Y
AKIMA ENHANCEMENT PROJECT ; YAK-
IMA RIVER BASIN WATER ENHANCEMENT  
PROJECT .—The terms ‘Yakima Enhancement Project’ and ‘Yakima River Basin Water En-hancement Project’ mean the Yakima River basin water enhancement project authorized by Congress pursuant to this Act and other Acts (including Public Law 96–162 (93 Stat. 1241), section 109 of Public Law 98–381 (16 U.S.C. 839b note; 98 Stat. 1340), Public Law 105–62 (111 Stat. 1320), and Public Law 106–372 (114 Stat. 1425)) to promote water conserva-tion, water supply, habitat, and stream en-hancement improvements in the Yakima River basin.’’. SEC. 6323. YAKIMA RIVER BASIN WATER CON-SERVATION PROGRAM. 
Section 1203 of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4551) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘title’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’; and (ii) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘within 5 years of the date of enactment of this Act’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘irriga-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘the number of irrigated acres’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in each of subparagraphs (A) through (D), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (E), by striking the comma at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (iii) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘De-partment of Wildlife of the State of Wash-ington, and’’ and inserting ‘‘Department of Fish and Wildlife of the State of Wash-ington.’’; and (iv) by striking subparagraph (G); (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in each of subparagraphs (A) through (C), by striking the comma at the end and in-serting a semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘, and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (iii) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) provide recommendations to advance the purposes and programs of the Yakima Enhancement Project, including the Inte-grated Plan.’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) A
UTHORITY OF DESIGNATED FEDERAL OF -
FICIAL .—The designated Federal official may— ‘‘(A) arrange and provide logistical support for meetings of the Conservation Advisory Group; ‘‘(B) use a facilitator to serve as a moder-ator for meetings of the Conservation Advi-sory Group or provide additional logistical support; and ‘‘(C) grant any request for a facilitator by any member of the Conservation Advisory Group.’’; (3) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) P
AYMENT OF LOCAL SHARE BY STATE OR  
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The State or the Fed-eral Government may fund not more than the 17.5 percent local share of the costs of the Basin Conservation Program in exchange for the long-term use of conserved water, subject to the requirement that the funding by the Federal Government of the local share of the costs shall provide a quantifi-able public benefit in meeting Federal re-sponsibilities in the Basin and the purposes of this title. ‘‘(B) U
SE OF CONSERVED WATER .—The Yak- ima Project Manager may use water result-ing from conservation measures taken under this title, in addition to water that the Bu-reau of Reclamation may acquire from any willing seller through purchase, donation, or lease, for water management uses pursuant to this title.’’; (4) in subsection (e), by striking the first sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘To participate in the Basin Conservation Pro-gram, as described in subsection (b), an enti-ty shall submit to the Secretary a proposed water conservation plan.’’; (5) in subsection (i)(3)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.037 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES524 February 2, 2016 
(A) by striking ‘‘purchase or lease’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘purchase, lease, or management’’; and (B) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘made immediately upon availability’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Committee’’ and inserting ‘‘continued as needed to provide water to be used by the Yakima Project Manager as recommended by the System Op-erations Advisory Committee and the Con-servation Advisory Group’’; and (6) in subsection (j)(4), in the first sen-tence, by striking ‘‘initial acquisition’’ and all that follows through ‘‘flushing flows’’ and inserting ‘‘acquisition of water from willing sellers or lessors specifically to provide im-proved instream flows for anadromous and resident fish and other aquatic life, including pulse flows to facilitate outward migration of anadromous fish’’. 
SEC. 6324. YAKIMA BASIN WATER PROJECTS, OP-ERATIONS, AND AUTHORIZATIONS. 
(a) Y AKAMA NATION PROJECTS .—Section 1204 of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4555) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), in the first sen-tence, by striking ‘‘not more than $23,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than $100,000,000’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) by striking the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘R
EDESIGNATION OF YAKAMA INDIAN  N
ATION TO YAKAMA NATION .—’’; (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) R
EDESIGNATION .—The Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Indian Na-tion shall be known and designated as the ‘Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation’.’’; and (C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘deemed to be a reference to the ‘Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Indian Nation’.’’ and inserting ‘‘deemed to be a reference to the ‘Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation’.’’. (b) O
PERATION OF YAKIMA BASIN P
ROJECTS .—Section 1205 of Public Law 103– 434 (108 Stat. 4557) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘additional’’ after ‘‘se-cure’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘flushing’’ and inserting ‘‘pulse’’; and (cc) by striking ‘‘uses’’ and inserting ‘‘uses, in addition to the quantity of water provided under the treaty between the Yakama Na-tion and the United States’’; (II) by striking clause (ii); (III) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (ii); and (IV) in clause (ii) (as so redesignated) by inserting ‘‘and water rights mandated’’ after ‘‘goals’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), in the first sen-tence, by inserting ‘‘in proportion to the funding received’’ after ‘‘Program’’; (2) in subsection (b) (as amended by section 6322(a)(2)), in the second sentence, by strik-ing ‘‘instream flows for use by the Yakima Project Manager as flushing flows or as oth-erwise’’ and inserting ‘‘fishery purposes, as’’; and (3) in subsection (e), by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Additional purposes of the Yakima Project shall be any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) To recover and maintain self-sus-taining harvestable populations of native fish, both anadromous and resident species, throughout their historic distribution range in the Yakima Basin. ‘‘(B) To protect, mitigate, and enhance aquatic life and wildlife. ‘‘(C) Recreation. ‘‘(D) Municipal, industrial, and domestic use.’’. (c) LAKECLEELUM AUTHORIZATION OF AP-
PROPRIATIONS .—Section 1206(a)(1) of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4560), is amended, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘at September’’ and all that follows through ‘‘to—’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than $12,000,000 to—’’. (d) E
NHANCEMENT OF WATER SUPPLIES FOR  Y
AKIMA BASIN TRIBUTARIES .—Section 1207 of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4560) is amend-ed— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
SUPPLIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘
MANAGEMENT ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘supplies’’ and inserting ‘‘man-agement’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and water supply entities’’ after ‘‘owners’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘that choose not to participate or opt out of tribu-tary enhancement projects pursuant to this section’’ after ‘‘water right owners’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘non-participating’’ before ‘‘tributary water users’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking the paragraph designation and all that follows through ‘‘(but not lim-ited to)—’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, following consultation with the State of Washington, tributary water right owners, and the Yakama Nation, and on agreement of appro-priate water right owners, is authorized to conduct studies to evaluate measures to fur-ther Yakima Project purposes on tributaries to the Yakima River. Enhancement pro-grams that use measures authorized by this subsection may be investigated and imple-mented by the Secretary in tributaries to the Yakima River, including Taneum Creek, other areas, or tributary basins that cur-rently or could potentially be provided sup-plemental or transfer water by entities, such as the Kittitas Reclamation District or the Yakima-Tieton Irrigation District, subject to the condition that activities may com-mence on completion of applicable and re-quired feasibility studies, environmental re-views, and cost-benefit analyses that include favorable recommendations for further project development, as appropriate. Meas-ures to evaluate include—’’; (ii) by indenting subparagraphs (A) through (F) appropriately; (iii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting be-fore the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, including irrigation efficiency improve-ments (in coordination with programs of the Department of Agriculture), consolidation of diversions or administration, and diversion scheduling or coordination’’; (iv) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) through (F) as subparagraphs (E) through (H), respectively; (v) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) improvements in irrigation system management or delivery facilities within the Yakima River basin when those improve-ments allow for increased irrigation system conveyance and corresponding reduction in diversion from tributaries or flow enhance-ments to tributaries through direct flow sup-plementation or groundwater recharge; ‘‘(D) improvements of irrigation system management or delivery facilities to reduce or eliminate excessively high flows caused by the use of natural streams for conveyance or irrigation water or return water;’’; (vi) in subparagraph (E) (as redesignated by clause (iv)), by striking ‘‘ground water’’ and inserting ‘‘groundwater recharge and’’; (vii) in subparagraph (G) (as redesignated by clause (iv)), by inserting ‘‘or transfer’’ after ‘‘purchase’’; and (viii) in subparagraph (H) (as redesignated by clause (iv)), by inserting ‘‘stream proc-esses and’’ before ‘‘stream habitats’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the Taneum Creek study’’ and inserting ‘‘studies under this sub-section’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘and economic’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, infrastructure, economic, and land use’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) any related studies already underway or undertaken.’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘of each tributary or group of tributaries’’ after ‘‘study’’; (4) in subsection (c)— (A) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘AND NON -
SURFACE STORAGE ’’ after ‘‘ NONSTORAGE ’’; and (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and nonsurface storage’’ after ‘‘nonstorage’’; (5) by striking subsection (d); (6) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (d); and (7) in paragraph (2) of subsection (d) (as so redesignated)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by inserting ‘‘and implementation’’ after ‘‘investigation’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘other’’ before ‘‘Yakima River’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘and other water supply entities’’ after ‘‘owners’’; and (B) by striking the second sentence. (e) C
HANDLER PUMPING PLANT AND POWER -
PLANT -OPERATIONS AT PROSSER DIVERSION  D
AM.—Section 1208(d) of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4562; 114 Stat. 1425) is amended by inserting ‘‘negatively’’ before ‘‘affected’’. (f) I
NTERIM COMPREHENSIVE BASIN OPER-
ATING PLAN.—Section 1210(c) of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4564) is amended by striking ‘‘$100,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$200,000’’. (g) E
NVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE .—Section 1211 of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4564) is amended by striking ‘‘$2,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$5,000,000’’. 
SEC. 6325. AUTHORIZATION OF PHASE III OF YAK-IMA RIVER BASIN WATER ENHANCE-MENT PROJECT. 
Title XII of Public Law 103–434 (108 Stat. 4550) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 1213. AUTHORIZATION OF THE INTE-GRATED PLAN AS PHASE III OF YAK-IMA RIVER BASIN WATER ENHANCE-MENT PROJECT. 
‘‘(a) I NTEGRATED PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall im-plement the Integrated Plan as Phase III of the Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project in accordance with this section and applicable laws. ‘‘(2) I
NITIAL DEVELOPMENT PHASE OF THE IN -
TEGRATED PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in co-ordination with the State of Washington and Yakama Nation and subject to feasibility studies, environmental reviews, and the availability of appropriations, shall imple-ment an initial development phase of the In-tegrated Plan, to— ‘‘(i) complete the planning, design, and construction or development of upstream and downstream fish passage facilities, as previously authorized by the Hoover Power 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.037 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S525 February 2, 2016 
Plant Act of 1984 (43 U.S.C. 619 et seq.) at Cle Elum Reservoir and another Yakima Project reservoir identified by the Secretary as con-sistent with the Integrated Plan, subject to the condition that, if the Yakima Project reservoir identified by the Secretary con-tains a hydropower project licensed by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the Secretary shall cooperate with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in a timely manner to ensure that actions taken by the Secretary are consistent with the applicable hydropower project license; ‘‘(ii) negotiate long-term agreements with participating proratable irrigation entities in the Yakima Basin and, acting through the Bureau of Reclamation, coordinate between Bureaus of the Department of the Interior and with the heads of other Federal agencies to negotiate agreements concerning leases, easements, and rights-of-way on Federal land, and other terms and conditions deter-mined to be necessary to allow for the non- Federal financing, construction, operation, and maintenance of— ‘‘(I) new facilities needed to access and de-liver inactive storage in Lake Kachess for the purpose of providing drought relief for ir-rigation (known as the ‘Kachess Drought Re-lief Pumping Plant’); and ‘‘(II) a conveyance system to allow transfer of water between Keechelus Reservoir to Kachess Reservoir for purposes of improving operational flexibility for the benefit of both fish and irrigation (known as the ‘K to K Pipeline’); ‘‘(iii) participate in, provide funding for, and accept non-Federal financing for— ‘‘(I) water conservation projects, not sub-ject to the provisions of the Basin Conserva-tion Program described in section 1203, that are intended to partially implement the In-tegrated Plan by providing 85,000 acre-feet of conserved water to improve tributary and mainstem stream flow; and ‘‘(II) aquifer storage and recovery projects; ‘‘(iv) study, evaluate, and conduct feasi-bility analyses and environmental reviews of fish passage, water supply (including ground-water and surface water storage), conserva-tion, habitat restoration projects, and other alternatives identified as consistent with the purposes of this Act, for the initial and fu-ture phases of the Integrated Plan; ‘‘(v) coordinate with and assist the State of Washington in implementing a robust water market to enhance water management in the Yakima River basin, including— ‘‘(I) assisting in identifying ways to en-courage and increase the use of, and reduce the barriers to, water transfers, leasing, markets, and other voluntary transactions among public and private entities in the Yakima River basin; ‘‘(II) providing technical assistance, in-cluding scientific data and market informa-tion; and ‘‘(III) negotiating agreements that would facilitate voluntary water transfers between entities, including as appropriate, the use of federally managed infrastructure; and ‘‘(vi) enter into cooperative agreements with, or, subject to a minimum non-Federal cost-sharing requirement of 50 percent, make grants to, the Yakama Nation, the State of Washington, Yakima River basin irrigation districts, water districts, conservation dis-tricts, other local governmental entities, nonprofit organizations, and land owners to carry out this title under such terms and conditions as the Secretary may require, in-cluding the following purposes: ‘‘(I) Land and water transfers, leases, and acquisitions from willing participants, so long as the acquiring entity shall hold title and be responsible for any and all required operations, maintenance, and management of that land and water. ‘‘(II) To combine or relocate diversion points, remove fish barriers, or for other ac-tivities that increase flows or improve habi-tat in the Yakima River and its tributaries in furtherance of this title. ‘‘(III) To implement, in partnership with Federal and non-Federal entities, projects to enhance the health and resilience of the wa-tershed. ‘‘(B) C
OMMENCEMENT DATE .—The Secretary shall commence implementation of the ac-tivities included under the initial develop-ment phase pursuant to this paragraph— ‘‘(i) on the date of enactment of this sec-tion; and ‘‘(ii) on completion of applicable feasibility studies, environmental reviews, and cost- benefit analyses that include favorable rec-ommendations for further project develop-ment. ‘‘(3) I
NTERMEDIATE AND FINAL PHASES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in co-ordination with the State of Washington and in consultation with the Yakama Nation, shall develop plans for intermediate and final development phases of the Integrated Plan to achieve the purposes of this Act, in-cluding conducting applicable feasibility studies, environmental reviews, and other relevant studies needed to develop the plans. ‘‘(B) I
NTERMEDIATE PHASE .—The Secretary shall develop an intermediate development phase to implement the Integrated Plan that, subject to authorization and appropria-tion, would commence not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of this sec-tion. ‘‘(C) F
INAL PHASE .—The Secretary shall de-velop a final development phase to imple-ment the Integrated Plan that, subject to authorization and appropriation, would com-mence not later than 20 years after the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(4) C
ONTINGENCIES .—The implementation by the Secretary of projects and activities identified for implementation under the In-tegrated Plan shall be— ‘‘(A) subject to authorization and appro-priation; ‘‘(B) contingent on the completion of appli-cable feasibility studies, environmental re-views, and cost-benefit analyses that include favorable recommendations for further project development; ‘‘(C) implemented on public review and a determination by the Secretary that design, construction, and operation of a proposed project or activity is in the best interest of the public; and ‘‘(D) in compliance with all applicable laws, including the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq). ‘‘(5) P
ROGRESS REPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary, in conjunction with the State of Washington and in consultation with the Yakama Nation, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a progress report on the development and im-plementation of the Integrated Plan. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The progress report under this paragraph shall— ‘‘(i) provide a review and reassessment, if needed, of the objectives of the Integrated Plan, as applied to all elements of the Inte-grated Plan; ‘‘(ii) assess, through performance metrics developed at the initiation of, and measured throughout the implementation of, the Inte-grated Plan, the degree to which the imple-mentation of the initial development phase addresses the objectives and all elements of the Integrated Plan; ‘‘(iii) identify the amount of Federal fund-ing and non-Federal contributions received and expended during the period covered by the report; ‘‘(iv) describe the pace of project develop-ment during the period covered by the re-port; ‘‘(v) identify additional projects and activi-ties proposed for inclusion in any future phase of the Integrated Plan to address the objectives of the Integrated Plan, as applied to all elements of the Integrated Plan; and ‘‘(vi) for water supply projects— ‘‘(I) provide a preliminary discussion of the means by which— ‘‘(aa) water and costs associated with each recommended project would be allocated among authorized uses; and ‘‘(bb) those allocations would be consistent with the objectives of the Integrated Plan; and ‘‘(II) establish a plan for soliciting and for-malizing subscriptions among individuals and entities for participation in any of the recommended water supply projects that will establish the terms for participation, includ-ing fiscal obligations associated with sub-scription. ‘‘(b) FINANCING , CONSTRUCTION , OPERATION , 
ANDMAINTENANCE OF KACHESS DROUGHT RE-
LIEF PUMPING PLANT AND K TOK P IPELINE .— ‘‘(1) A
GREEMENTS .—Long-term agreements negotiated between the Secretary and par-ticipating proratable irrigation entities in the Yakima Basin for the non-Federal fi-nancing, construction, operation, and main-tenance of the Drought Relief Pumping Plant and K to K Pipeline shall include pro-visions regarding— ‘‘(A) responsibilities of the participating proratable irrigation entities for the plan-ning, design, and construction of infrastruc-ture in consultation and coordination with the Secretary; ‘‘(B) property titles and responsibilities of the participating proratable irrigation enti-ties for the maintenance of and liability for all infrastructure constructed under this title; ‘‘(C) operation and integration of the projects by the Secretary in the operation of the Yakima Project; ‘‘(D) costs associated with the design, fi-nancing, construction, operation, mainte-nance, and mitigation of projects, with the costs of Federal oversight and review to be nonreimbursable to the participating prorat-able irrigation entities and the Yakima Project; and ‘‘(E) responsibilities for the pumping and operational costs necessary to provide the total water supply available made inacces-sible due to drought pumping during the pre-ceding 1 or more calendar years, in the event that the Kachess Reservoir fails to refill as a result of pumping drought storage water dur-ing the preceding 1 or more calendar years, which shall remain the responsibility of the participating proratable irrigation entities. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF KACHESS RESERVOIR STORED  
WATER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The additional stored water made available by the construction of facilities to access and deliver inactive stor-age in Kachess Reservoir under subsection (a)(2)(A)(ii)(I) shall— ‘‘(i) be considered to be Yakima Project water; ‘‘(ii) not be part of the total water supply available, as that term is defined in various court rulings; and ‘‘(iii) be used exclusively by the Sec-retary— ‘‘(I) to enhance the water supply in years when the total water supply available is not sufficient to provide 70 percent of proratable entitlements in order to make that addi-tional water available up to 70 percent of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.037 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES526 February 2, 2016 
proratable entitlements to the Kittitas Rec-lamation District, the Roza Irrigation Dis-trict, or other proratable irrigation entities participating in the construction, operation, and maintenance costs of the facilities under this title under such terms and conditions to which the districts may agree, subject to the conditions that— ‘‘(aa) the Bureau of Indian Affairs, the Wapato Irrigation Project, and the Yakama Nation, on an election to participate, may also obtain water from Kachess Reservoir in-active storage to enhance applicable existing irrigation water supply in accordance with such terms and conditions to which the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs and the Yakama Na-tion may agree; and ‘‘(bb) the additional supply made available under this clause shall be available to par-ticipating individuals and entities in propor-tion to the proratable entitlements of the participating individuals and entities, or in such other proportion as the participating entities may agree; and ‘‘(II) to facilitate reservoir operations in the reach of the Yakima River between Keechelus Dam and Easton Dam for the propagation of anadromous fish. ‘‘(B) E
FFECT OF PARAGRAPH .—Nothing in this paragraph affects (as in existence on the date of enactment of this section) any con-tract, law (including regulations) relating to repayment costs, water right, or Yakama Nation treaty right. ‘‘(3) C
OMMENCEMENT .—The Secretary shall not commence entering into agreements pur-suant to subsection (a)(2)(A)(ii) or subsection (b)(1) or implementing any activities pursu-ant to the agreements before the date on which— ‘‘(A) all applicable and required feasibility studies, environmental reviews, and cost- benefit analyses have been completed and in-clude favorable recommendations for further project development, including an analysis of— ‘‘(i) the impacts of the agreements and ac-tivities conducted pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A)(ii) on adjacent communities, includ-ing potential fire hazards, water access for fire districts, community and homeowner wells, future water levels based on projected usage, recreational values, and property val-ues; and ‘‘(ii) specific options and measures for mitigating the impacts, as appropriate; ‘‘(B) the Secretary has made the agree-ments and any applicable project designs, operations plans, and other documents avail-able for public review and comment in the Federal Register for a period of not less than 60 days; and ‘‘(C) the Secretary has made a determina-tion, consistent with applicable law, that the agreements and activities to which the agreements relate— ‘‘(i) are in the public interest; and ‘‘(ii) could be implemented without signifi-cant adverse impacts to the environment. ‘‘(4) E
LECTRICAL POWER ASSOCIATED WITH  
KACHESS DROUGHT RELIEF PUMPING PLANT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Bonneville Power Administration, pursu-ant to the Pacific Northwest Electric Power Planning and Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 839 et seq.), shall provide to the Secretary project power to operate the Kachess Pump-ing Plant constructed under this title if in-active storage in Kachess Reservoir is needed to provide drought relief for irrigation, sub-ject to the requirements of subparagraphs (B) and (C). ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION .—Power may be pro-vided under subparagraph (A) only if— ‘‘(i) there is in effect a drought declaration issued by the State of Washington; ‘‘(ii) there are conditions that have led to 70 percent or less water delivery to prorat-able irrigation districts, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(iii) the Secretary determines that it is appropriate to provide power under that sub-paragraph. ‘‘(C) PERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Power under subparagraph (A) shall be provided until the date on which the Secretary deter-mines that power should no longer be pro-vided under that subparagraph, but for not more than a 1-year period or the period dur-ing which the Secretary determines that drought mitigation measures are necessary in the Yakima River basin. ‘‘(D) R
ATE.—The Administrator of the Bon-neville Power Administration shall provide power under subparagraph (A) at the then- applicable lowest Bonneville Power Adminis-tration rate for public body, cooperative, and Federal agency customers firm obligations, which as of the date of enactment of this sec-tion is the priority firm Tier 1 rate, and shall not include any irrigation discount. ‘‘(E) L
OCAL PROVIDER .—During any period in which power is not being provided under subparagraph (A), the power needed to oper-ate the Kachess Pumping Plant shall be ob-tained by the Secretary from a local pro-vider. ‘‘(F) C
OSTS.—The cost of power for such pumping, station service power, and all costs of transmitting power from the Federal Co-lumbia River Power System to the Yakima Enhancement Project pumping facilities shall be borne by irrigation districts receiv-ing the benefits of that water. ‘‘(G) D
UTIES OF COMMISSIONER .—The Com-missioner of Reclamation shall be respon-sible for arranging transmission for deliv-eries of Federal power over the Bonneville system through applicable tariff and busi-ness practice processes of the Bonneville sys-tem and for arranging transmission for deliv-eries of power obtained from a local pro-vider. ‘‘(c) D
ESIGN AND USE OF GROUNDWATER RE-
CHARGE PROJECTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any water supply that results from an aquifer storage and recovery project shall not be considered to be a part of the total water supply available if— ‘‘(A) the water for the aquifer storage and recovery project would not be available for use, but instead for the development of the project; ‘‘(B) the aquifer storage and recovery project will not otherwise impair any water supply available for any individual or entity entitled to use the total water supply avail-able; and ‘‘(C) the development of the aquifer storage and recovery project will not impair fish or other aquatic life in any localized stream reach. ‘‘(2) P
ROJECT TYPES .—The Secretary may provide technical assistance for, and partici-pate in, any of the following 3 types of groundwater recharge projects (including the incorporation of groundwater recharge projects into Yakima Project operations, as appropriate): ‘‘(A) Aquifer recharge projects designed to redistribute Yakima Project water within a water year for the purposes of supplementing stream flow during the irrigation season, particularly during storage control, subject to the condition that if such a project is de-signed to supplement a mainstem reach, the water supply that results from the project shall be credited to instream flow targets, in lieu of using the total water supply available to meet those targets. ‘‘(B) Aquifer storage and recovery projects that are designed, within a given water year or over multiple water years— ‘‘(i) to supplement or mitigate for munic-ipal uses; ‘‘(ii) to supplement municipal supply in a subsurface aquifer; or ‘‘(iii) to mitigate the effect of groundwater use on instream flow or senior water rights. ‘‘(C) Aquifer storage and recovery projects designed to supplement existing irrigation water supply, or to store water in subsurface aquifers, for use by the Kittitas Reclamation District, the Roza Irrigation District, or any other proratable irrigation entity partici-pating in the repayment of the construction, operation, and maintenance costs of the fa-cilities under this section during years in which the total water supply available is in-sufficient to provide to those proratable irri-gation entities all water to which the enti-ties are entitled, subject to the conditions that— ‘‘(i) the Bureau of Indian Affairs, the Wapato Irrigation Project, and the Yakama Nation, on an election to participate, may also obtain water from aquifer storage to en-hance applicable existing irrigation water supply in accordance with such terms and conditions to which the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs and the Yakama Nation may agree; and ‘‘(ii) nothing in this subparagraph affects (as in existence on the date of enactment of this section) any contract, law (including regulations) relating to repayment costs, water right, or Yakama Nation treaty right. ‘‘(d) FEDERAL COST-SHARE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal cost-share of a project carried out under this section shall be determined in accordance with the applicable laws (including regulations) and policies of the Bureau of Reclamation. ‘‘(2) I
NITIAL PHASE .—The Federal cost-share for the initial development phase of the Inte-grated Plan shall not exceed 50 percent of the total cost of the initial development phase. ‘‘(3) S
TATE AND OTHER CONTRIBUTIONS .—The Secretary may accept as part of the non-Fed-eral cost-share of a project carried out under this section, and expend as if appropriated, any contribution (including in-kind services) by the State of Washington or any other in-dividual or entity that the Secretary deter-mines will enhance the conduct and comple-tion of the project. ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION ON USE OF OTHER FEDERAL  
FUNDS .—Except as otherwise provided in this title, other Federal funds may not be used to provide the non-Federal cost-share of a project carried out under this section. ‘‘(e) S
AVINGS AND CONTINGENCIES .—Nothing in this section shall— ‘‘(1) be a new or supplemental benefit for purposes of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 390aa et seq.); ‘‘(2) affect any contract in existence on the date of enactment of the Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project Phase III Act of 2016 that was executed pursuant to the reclamation laws; ‘‘(3) affect any contract or agreement be-tween the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Bureau of Reclamation; ‘‘(4) affect, waive, abrogate, diminish, de-fine, or interpret the treaty between the Yakama Nation and the United States; or ‘‘(5) constrain the continued authority of the Secretary to provide fish passage in the Yakima Basin in accordance with the Hoover Power Plant Act of 1984 (43 U.S.C 619 et seq.). 
‘‘SEC. 1214. OPERATIONAL CONTROL OF WATER SUPPLIES. 
‘‘The Secretary shall retain authority and discretion over the management of project supplies to optimize operational use and flexibility to ensure compliance with all ap-plicable Federal and State laws, treaty rights of the Yakama Nation, and legal obli-gations, including those contained in this Act. That authority and discretion includes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.037 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S527 February 2, 2016 
the ability of the United States to store, de-liver, conserve, and reuse water supplies de-riving from projects authorized under this title.’’. PART IV—RESERVOIR OPERATION IMPROVEMENT 
SEC. 6331. RESERVOIR OPERATION IMPROVE-MENT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) R
ESERVED WORKS .—The term ‘‘reserved works’’ means any Bureau of Reclamation project facility at which the Secretary of the Interior carries out the operation and main-tenance of the project facility. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Army. (3) T
RANSFERRED WORKS .—The term ‘‘trans-ferred works’’ means a Bureau of Reclama-tion project facility, the operation and main-tenance of which is carried out by a non-Fed-eral entity, under the provisions of a formal operation and maintenance transfer con-tract. (4) T
RANSFERRED WORKS OPERATING ENTI -
TY.—The term ‘‘transferred works operating entity’’ means the organization that is con-tractually responsible for operation and maintenance of transferred works. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 360 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report including, for any State in which a county designated by the Secretary of Agriculture as a drought disaster area during water year 2015 is located, a list of projects, including Corps of Engineers projects, and those non-Federal projects and transferred works that are operated for flood control in accordance with rules prescribed by the Secretary pursuant to section 7 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (commonly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1944’’) (58 Stat. 890, chapter 665), including, as applicable— (1) the year the original water control manual was approved; (2) the year for any subsequent revisions to the water control plan and manual of the project; (3) a list of projects for which— (A) operational deviations for drought con-tingency have been requested; (B) the status of the request; and (C) a description of how water conservation and water quality improvements were ad-dressed; and (4) a list of projects for which permanent or seasonal changes to storage allocations have been requested, and the status of the request. (c) P
ROJECT IDENTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date of completion of the report under subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall identify any projects described in the report— (1) for which the modification of the water operations manuals, including flood control rule curve, would be likely to enhance exist-ing authorized project purposes, including for water supply benefits and flood control operations; (2) for which the water control manual and hydrometeorological information estab-lishing the flood control rule curves of the project have not been substantially revised during the 15-year period ending on the date of review by the Secretary; and (3) for which the non-Federal sponsor or sponsors of a Corps of Engineers project, the owner of a non-Federal project, or the non- Federal transferred works operating entity, as applicable, has submitted to the Secretary a written request to revise water operations manuals, including flood control rule curves, based on the use of improved weather fore-casting or run-off forecasting methods, new watershed data, changes to project oper-ations, or structural improvements. (d) PILOT PROJECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of identification of projects under subsection (c), if any, the Secretary shall carry out not fewer than 15 pilot projects, which shall include not less than 6 non-Fed-eral projects, to implement revisions of water operations manuals, including flood control rule curves, based on the best avail-able science, which may include— (A) forecast-informed operations; (B) new watershed data; and (C) if applicable, in the case of non-Federal projects, structural improvements. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—In implementing a pilot project under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall consult with all affected inter-ests, including— (A) non-Federal entities responsible for op-erations and maintenance costs of a Federal facility; (B) individuals and entities with storage entitlements; and (C) local agencies with flood control re-sponsibilities downstream of a facility. (e) C
OORDINATION WITH NON-FEDERAL  P
ROJECT ENTITIES .—If a project identified under subsection (c) is— (1) a non-Federal project, the Secretary, prior to carrying out an activity under this section, shall— (A) consult with the non-Federal project owner; and (B) enter into a cooperative agreement, memorandum of understanding, or other agreement with the non-Federal project owner describing the scope and goals of the activity and the coordination among the par-ties; and (2) a Federal project, the Secretary, prior to carrying out an activity under this sec-tion, shall— (A) consult with each Federal and non-Fed-eral entity (including a municipal water dis-trict, irrigation district, joint powers au-thority, transferred works operating entity, or other local governmental entity) that cur-rently— (i) manages (in whole or in part) a Federal dam or reservoir; or (ii) is responsible for operations and main-tenance costs; and (B) enter into a cooperative agreement, memorandum of understanding, or other agreement with each such entity describing the scope and goals of the activity and the coordination among the parties. (f) C
ONSIDERATION .—In designing and im-plementing a forecast-informed reservoir op-erations plan under subsection (d) or (g), the Secretary may consult with the appropriate agencies within the Department of the Inte-rior and the Department of Commerce with expertise in atmospheric, meteorological, and hydrologic science to consider— (1) the relationship between ocean and at-mospheric conditions, including— (A) the El Nin˜o and La Nin˜a cycles; and (B) the potential for above-normal, nor-mal, and below-normal rainfall for the com-ing water year, including consideration of atmospheric river forecasts; (2) the precipitation and runoff index spe-cific to the basin and watershed of the rel-evant dam or reservoir, including incor-porating knowledge of hydrological and me-teorological conditions that influence the timing and quantity of runoff; (3) improved hydrologic forecasting for precipitation, snowpack, and soil moisture conditions; (4) an adjustment of operational flood con-trol rule curves to optimize water supply storage and reliability, hydropower produc-tion, environmental benefits for flows and temperature, and other authorized project benefits, without a reduction in flood safety; and (5) proactive management in response to changes in forecasts. (g) FUNDING .—The Secretary may accept and expend amounts from non-Federal enti-ties and other Federal agencies to fund all or a portion of the cost of carrying out a review or revision of operational documents, includ-ing water control plans, water control manu-als, water control diagrams, release sched-ules, rule curves, operational agreements with non-Federal entities, and any associ-ated environmental documentation for— (1) a Corps of Engineers project; (2) a non-Federal project regulated for flood control by the Secretary; or (3) a Bureau of Reclamation transferred works regulated for flood control by the Sec-retary. (h) E
FFECT .— (1) M
ANUAL REVISIONS .—A revision of a manual shall not interfere with the author-ized purposes of a Federal project or the ex-isting purposes of a non-Federal project reg-ulated for flood control by the Secretary. (2) E
FFECT OF SECTION .— (A) Nothing in this section authorizes the Secretary to carry out, at a Federal dam or reservoir, any project or activity for a pur-pose not otherwise authorized as of the date of enactment of this Act. (B) Nothing in this section affects or modi-fies any obligation of the Secretary under State law. (3) B
UREAU OF RECLAMATION RESERVED  
WORKS EXCLUDED .—This section— (A) shall not apply to any dam or reservoir operated by the Bureau of Reclamation as a reserved work, unless all non-Federal project sponsors of a reserved work jointly provide to the Secretary a written request for appli-cation of this section to the project; and (B) shall apply only to Bureau of Reclama-tion transferred works at the written request of the transferred works operating entity. (i) M
ODIFICATIONS TO MANUALS AND  C
URVES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of completion of a modification to an operations manual or flood control rule curve, the Secretary shall submit to the Con-gress a report regarding the components of the forecast-based reservoir operations plan incorporated into the change. PART V—HYDROELECTRIC PROJECTS 
SEC. 6341. TERROR LAKE HYDROELECTRIC PROJECT UPPER HIDDEN BASIN DI-VERSION AUTHORIZATION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) T
ERROR LAKE HYDROELECTRIC PROJECT .— The term ‘‘Terror Lake Hydroelectric Project’’ means the project identified in sec-tion 1325 of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3212), and which is Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission project number 2743. (2) U
PPER HIDDEN BASIN DIVERSION EXPAN -
SION.—The term ‘‘Upper Hidden Basin Diver-sion Expansion’’ means the expansion of the Terror Lake Hydroelectric Project as gen-erally described in Exhibit E to the Upper Hidden Basin Grant Application dated July 2, 2014 and submitted to the Alaska Energy Authority Renewable Energy Fund Round VIII by Kodiak Electric Association, Inc. (b) A
UTHORIZATION .—The licensee for the Terror Lake Hydroelectric Project may oc-cupy not more than 20 acres of Federal land to construct, operate, and maintain the Upper Hidden Basin Diversion Expansion without further authorization of the Sec-retary of the Interior or under the Alaska 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.037 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES528 February 2, 2016 
National Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.). (c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—The Upper Hidden Basin Diversion Expansion shall be subject to appropriate terms and conditions included in an amendment to a license issued by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission pur-suant to the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 791a et seq.), including section 4(e) of that Act (16 U.S.C. 797(e)), following an environ-mental review by the Commission under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
SEC. 6342. STAY AND REINSTATEMENT OF FERC LICENSE NO. 11393 FOR THE MAHONEY LAKE HYDROELECTRIC PROJECT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission. (2) L
ICENSE .—The term ‘‘license’’ means the license for Commission project number 11393. (3) L
ICENSEE .—The term ‘‘licensee’’ means the holder of the license. (b) S
TAY OF LICENSE .—On the request of the licensee, the Commission shall issue an order continuing the stay of the license. (c) L
IFTING OF STAY.—On the request of the licensee, but not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commis-sion shall— (1) issue an order lifting the stay of the li-cense under subsection (b); and (2) make the effective date of the license the date on which the stay is lifted under paragraph (1). (d) E
XTENSION OF LICENSE .—On the request of the licensee and notwithstanding the time period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) for commencement of construction of the project subject to the license, the Commission shall, after reason-able notice and in accordance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest re-quirements of that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for not more than 3 consecutive 2-year peri-ods, notwithstanding any other provision of law. (e) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section prioritizes, or creates any advantage or dis-advantage to, Commission project number 11393 under Federal law, including the Fed-eral Power Act (16 U.S.C. 791a et seq.) or the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.), as compared to— (1) any electric generating facility in exist-ence on the date of enactment of this Act; or (2) any electric generating facility that may be examined, proposed, or developed during the period of any stay or extension of the license under this section. 
SEC. 6343. EXTENSION OF DEADLINE FOR HYDRO-ELECTRIC PROJECT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the time period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’) project numbered 12642, the Commission may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest require-ments of that section and the procedures of the Commission under that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for up to 3 consecutive 2-year pe-riods from the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commis-sion. (b) R
EINSTATEMENT OF EXPIRED LICENSE .— If the period required for commencement of construction of the project described in sub-section (a) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act— (1) the Commission shall reinstate the li-cense effective as of the date of the expira-tion of the license; and (2) the first extension authorized under subsection (a) shall take effect on that expi-ration date. SEC. 6344. EXTENSION OF DEADLINE FOR CER-TAIN OTHER HYDROELECTRIC PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the time period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’) projects numbered 12737 and 12740, the Commission may, at the re-quest of the licensee for the applicable project, and after reasonable notice, in ac-cordance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest requirements of that sec-tion and the procedures of the Commission under that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to com-mence the construction of the applicable project for up to 3 consecutive 2-year periods from the date of the expiration of the exten-sion originally issued by the Commission. (b) R
EINSTATEMENT OF EXPIRED LICENSE .— If the period required for commencement of construction of a project described in sub-section (a) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act— (1) the Commission may reinstate the li-cense for the applicable project effective as of the date of the expiration of the license; and (2) the first extension authorized under subsection (a) shall take effect on that expi-ration. 
SEC. 6345. EQUUS BEDS DIVISION EXTENSION. 
Section 10(h) of Public Law 86–787 (74 Stat. 1026; 120 Stat. 1474) is amended by striking ‘‘10 years’’ and inserting ‘‘20 years’’. 
SEC. 6346. EXTENSION OF TIME FOR A FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION PROJECT INVOLVING CANNONSVILLE DAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the time period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbered 13287, the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Commis-sion’’) may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due dili-gence, and public interest requirements of that section and the procedures of the Com-mission under that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence construction of the project for up to 4 consecutive 2-year periods after the required date of the commencement of con-struction described in Article 301 of the li-cense. (b) R
EINSTATEMENT OF EXPIRED LICENSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the required date of the commencement of construction described in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission may reinstate the license effective as of that date of expiration. (2) E
XTENSION .—If the Commission rein-states the license under paragraph (1), the first extension authorized under subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of that expi-ration. PART VI—PUMPED STORAGE HYDROPOWER COMPENSATION 
SEC. 6351. PUMPED STORAGE HYDROPOWER COMPENSATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission shall initiate a pro-ceeding to identify and determine the mar-ket, procurement, and cost recovery mecha-nisms that would— (1) encourage development of pumped stor-age hydropower assets; and (2) properly compensate those assets for the full range of services provided to the power grid, including— (A) balancing electricity supply and de-mand; (B) ensuring grid reliability; and (C) cost-effectively integrating intermit-tent power sources into the grid. SA 3229. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 44ll. PROGRAM TO REDUCE THE POTEN-TIAL IMPACTS OF SOLAR ENERGY FACILITIES ON CERTAIN SPECIES. 
In carrying out a program of the Depart-ment relating to solar energy or the conduct of solar energy projects using funds provided by the Department, the Secretary shall es-tablish a program to undertake research that— (1) identifies baseline avian populations and mortality; and (2) quantifies the impacts of solar energy projects on birds, as compared to other threats to birds. 
SA 3230. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 23ll. ESTABLISHMENT OF STRATEGIC TRANSFORMER RESERVE. 
Section 61004 of the Fixing America’s Sur-face Transportation Act (Public Law 114–94) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (O), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (P) as subparagraph (Q); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (O) the following: ‘‘(P) ways in which to prioritize the use of domestically sourced materials in manufac-turing the components of the Strategic Transformer Reserve; and’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (3) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) E
STABLISHMENT .—On or after the date that is 180 days after the date on which the Strategic Transformer Reserve plan is sub-mitted to Congress under subsection (c)(1), the Secretary may establish a Strategic Transformer Reserve in accordance with the Strategic Transformer Reserve plan.’’. 
SA 3231. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. R
EED) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.037 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S529 February 2, 2016 
for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 23ll. CONSIDERATION OF ENERGY STOR-AGE SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 111(d) of the Pub-lic Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2621(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(20) C
ONSIDERATION OF ENERGY STORAGE  
SYSTEMS .—Each State shall consider requir-ing that, as part of a supply side resource planning process, an electric utility of the State demonstrate to the State that the electric utility considered an investment in energy storage systems based on appropriate factors, including— ‘‘(A) total costs and normalized life-cycle costs; ‘‘(B) cost-effectiveness; ‘‘(C) improved reliability; ‘‘(D) security; and ‘‘(E) system performance and efficiency.’’. (b) T
IME LIMITATIONS .—Section 112(b) of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7)(A) Not later than 1 year after enact-ment of this paragraph, each State regu-latory authority (with respect to each elec-tric utility for which the State regulatory authority has ratemaking authority) and each nonregulated utility shall commence the consideration referred to in section 111, or set a hearing date for consideration, with respect to the standard established by para-graph (20) of section 111(d). ‘‘(B) Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this paragraph, each State regulatory authority (with respect to each electric utility for which the State regu-latory authority has ratemaking authority), and each nonregulated electric utility, shall complete the consideration, and shall make the determination, referred to in section 111 with respect to the standard established by paragraph (20) of section 111(d).’’. (c) F
AILURE TO COMPLY .—Section 112(c) of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In the case of the standard established by paragraph (20) of sec-tion 111(d), the reference contained in this subsection to the date of enactment of this Act shall be deemed to be a reference to the date of enactment of that paragraph.’’. (d) P
RIOR STATE ACTIONS .—Section 112(d) of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622(d)) is amended in the mat-ter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘(19)’’ and inserting ‘‘(20)’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 2, 2016, at 10 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 2, 2016, at 5 p.m., to conduct a classified briefing entitled ‘‘Russia, the European Union, and American Foreign Policy.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 2, 2016, at 10:15 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Frontline Response to Terrorism in America.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on February 2, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘The Failures and Future of the EB–5 Regional Center Program: Can it be Fixed.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 2, 2016, at 2:45 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON ANTITRUST , COMPETITION  
POLICY , AND CONSUMER RIGHTS  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on Antitrust, Competition Policy, and Consumer Rights be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 2, 2016, at 2 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘License to Compete: Occupational Licensing and the State Action Doctrine.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Dane Karvois, a member of my staff, be granted floor privileges through the end of the 114th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator F
RANKEN ’s energy policy fellow, Mi-chael Glotter, be granted floor privi-leges for the remainder of this Con-gress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that two legislative fellows in my office, Dr. Lauren Stump and Mr. Tom Zarzecki, be granted floor privileges throughout the remainder of the year. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. REQUIRING THE SECRETARY OF THE ARMY TO UNDERTAKE RE-MEDIATION OVERSIGHT OF THE WEST LAKE LANDFILL Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be discharged from further con-sideration of S. 2306 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 2306) to require the Secretary of the Army, acting through the Chief of Engi-neers, to undertake remediation oversight of the West Lake Landfill located in Bridgeton, Missouri. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2306) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2306 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. TRANSFER OF OVERSIGHT AUTHOR-ITY FROM EPA TO CORPS OF ENGI-NEERS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Army, acting through the Chief of Engineers. (2) S
ITE.—The term ‘‘site’’ means the West Lake Landfill located in Bridgeton, Mis-souri. (b) T
RANSFER .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, as soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall— (1) under the Formerly Utilized Sites Re-medial Action Program, undertake the func-tions and activities described in section 611 of the Energy and Water Development Ap-propriations Act, 2000 (10 U.S.C. 2701 note; 113 Stat. 502) as the lead agency responding to radioactive contamination at the site; and (2) carry out remediation activities at the site in accordance with that section. (c) C
OSTRECOVERY .—The Secretary, in co-ordination with the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency and the At-torney General, shall— (1) seek to recover any response costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out this section in accordance with the Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.); and (2) return any funds that are recovered under paragraph (1) to be used to carry out the Formerly Utilized Sites Remedial Action Program of the Corps of Engineers. (d) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall use amounts made available to the Secretary to carry out the Formerly Utilized Sites Reme-dial Action Program to carry out this sec-tion. (e) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .— (1) N
O LIABILITY .—Nothing in subsection (b) creates liability for— (A) the Secretary for— (i) contamination at the site; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.045 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES530 February 2, 2016 
(ii) any actions or failures to act by any past, current, or future licensees, owners, op-erators, or users of the site; or (B) any other party involved with the site. (2) N
O EFFECT ON LIABILITY UNDER OTHER  
LAW.—Nothing in subsection (b) alters the li-ability of any party relating to the site under any other provision of law. (3) N
O EFFECT ON SUPERFUND STATUS ; NA-
TIONAL PRIORITIES LIST DESIGNATION .—Noth- ing in this Act affects the designation of the site as a Superfund site under the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.) or the listing of the site on the national priorities list under section 105 of that Act (42 U.S.C. 9605). f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 353, S. Res. 354, S. Res. 355, and S. Res. 356. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s RECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—H.R. 4168 Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I understand that there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4168) to amend the Small Busi-ness Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to re-quire an annual review by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the annual govern-ment-business forum on capital formation that is held pursuant to such Act. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will re-ceive a second reading on the next leg-islative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 2016 Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, February 3; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein; further, that the time be equally divided, with the Democrats controlling the first half and the ma-jority controlling the final half; fur-ther, that following morning business, the Senate then resume consideration of S. 2012; finally, that the filing dead-line for all first-degree amendments to the Murkowski substitute amendment No. 2953 and the underlying bill, S. 2012, be at 1 p.m. tomorrow. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:38 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, February 3, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE6.051 S02FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE89 February 2, 2016 
IRAN TERROR FINANCE TRANSPARENCY ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, this Admin-istration is giving Iran another free pass. It is irresponsible for the Administration to lift sanc-tions on foreign financial institutions whose ac-tions have knowingly resulted in support for terrorists or have contributed to Iran’s pro-liferation of nuclear weapons. It floors me that we are even having a debate about this. We should all remember the attacks on Sep-tember 11th very clearly as well as President Bush’s words afterwards. He said, ‘‘We will make no distinction between the terrorists who committed these acts and those who harbor them.’’ And that is true today. Financial institutions that have assisted in transactions to support terrorism are not inno-cent bystanders, and I take our Constitution’s directive to ‘‘provide for the common defense’’ very seriously. The Iran Nuclear Agreement was a bad deal, and it’s clear that Iran has no intention to hold up its side of the bargain. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this legisla-tion, and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this important piece of legislation. 
f 
COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the hard work of Dave Jansen on the Coast Guard Subcommittee, as well as Emily Burns on my staff, to make this bill a success. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to correct my vote from yesterday, February 1st on roll call 46 (H.R. 2187). While my vote was recorded as a ‘‘nay’’ it was my intention to vote ‘‘yea.’’ RECOGNIZING NORTHWEST INDI-ANA’S NEWLY NATURALIZED CITIZENS HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty individuals who will take their oath of citizenship on Friday, Feb-ruary 5, 2016. This memorable occasion, which will be presided over by Magistrate Judge John E. Martin, will be held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Build-ing in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On February 5, 2016, the following people, representing many nations throughout the world, will take their oaths of citizenship in Hammond, Indiana: Gemma Ramos Laberge, Araceli Ambriz, Ozkan Akkaya, Syed Muham-mad Shan Ul Islam, Fernando Romo Vera, Patricia Caroline Njoki Singleton, Clifton Seaford Wade, Aldar Odin Escamilla Velasco, Nastaran Saramaghan, Milad Sohrab, Ali Abdelkadre Mahamat, Julio Cesar Carmona, Sylvia Iliff, Miriam Muthoni Kirori, Henry Irungu Kirori, Abayomi Eyitayo Oloyede, Ivete Baldo Wahlen, Annamaria Mittiga, Ljupcho Todoroski, Monica Cordeiro Ramey, Juan Manuel Almonte, KB Chhoeun, Chunlan Jin Chung, Lucila Diaz, Auribel Mileddy Lester Perez, Yue Min Li, Omkalthoum Hassan Muhamat, Sunisa Phongpichit-Alexander, Aqeela Yasmin Sheikh, and Sergey Gennadyvich Shylin. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who will be-come citizens of the United States of America on February 5, 2016. They, too, will be Amer-ican citizens, and they, too, will be guaranteed the inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and demo-cratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF COACH C.D. ‘‘LEFTY’’ ANDERSON 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-member the life of Coach C.D. ‘‘Lefty’’ Ander-son, a beloved long-time football coach, ad-ministrator and family man in Mobile County, Alabama. Coach Anderson was born on July 17, 1929 in Coffeeville, Alabama. He attended and played football at Jackson High School and Livingston State, where his love of football began. After college, he served a two-year stint in the Army and then later went on to be-come head football coach at Frisco City in Monroe County, Alabama. After being named the head coach, Coach Anderson immediately began to instill the be-lief in his players that they were winners. Dur-ing his time at Frisco City, Coach Anderson accumulated a total of 53 wins, beating teams much larger than his. In 1963, he became the head coach at Mur-phy High School, which was one of the state’s largest schools. At Murphy, he did what he was accustomed to . . . he won football games. In his first year, he led his Panther team to an 8–1 season, a major improvement from the five combined wins the school had in the three years prior. He would go on to win 32 games during his six-year tenure as head coach, before making the move to an adminis-trative role at the school. Coach Anderson would go on to serve a year as the school’s assistant principal and 10 more years as principal. I’ve heard that Coach Anderson took the same hard-nosed approach he had as a coach and applied it to his role as principal. He ensured that his students fol-lowed the rules and behaved properly, but just like his players, there was never any doubt how much he cared for them. After his time as an administrator, Coach Anderson served as the Mobile County athletic director for eight years until his retirement in the early 1990s. He also served 13 years on the Alabama High School Athletic Associa-tion’s (AHSAA) Central Board of Control, in-cluding two years as president. Outside of the classroom, Coach Anderson played a vital role in the development of high school football throughout the state. Anderson was instrumental in the creation of the Ala-bama-Mississippi All-Star Football game in 1998. Due to his contribution and dedication to the game, the MVP award was named after him. He later achieved the honor of becoming 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02FE8.001 E02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE90 February 2, 2016 
part of the first class inducted into the AHSAA High School Hall of Fame in 1991. Although retired, Coach Anderson’s love and knowledge of the game continued to shine. He was always willing to help mentor anyone who sought his knowledge about the game. During the last 5 years of his life Coach An-derson fought valiantly against Alzheimer’s, never letting it inhibit his view on life. Sadly, on January 21, Coach Anderson passed away after a battle with pneumonia. Coach Eddie Robinson put it best when he said that ‘‘coaching is a profession of love. You can’t coach people unless you love them.’’ I believe this was always the mindset of Coach Anderson. He always cared deeply for his players and students. Coach Anderson leaves behind a legacy of love and humility and his spirit will live on in the countless individuals he impacted over the course of his career. The city of Mobile, Mo-bile County, and the entire State of Alabama will be forever grateful for the life and service of Coach ‘‘Lefty’’ Anderson. On behalf of Ala-bama’s entire First Congressional District, we extend our greatest of condolences to his son Chuck, his two grandchildren, Laura and Sam, as well as his two great-grandchildren, Ayden and Caroline. Coach Anderson will be deeply missed. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIVES LOST DURING ‘‘BLACK JANUARY’’ AND THE KHOJALY MASSACRE IN AZERBAIJAN 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask my col-leagues here in the House of Representatives to join me as I rise to honor those who were lost in Khojaly, Azerbaijan on February 25, 1992. On that day, 24 years ago, over 600 people were brutally murdered. They were mostly elderly men, women, and children—in-nocent victims that should have never been part of such a heartbreaking tragedy. I would also like to recognize the night of January 19, 1990, as ‘‘Black January.’’ This event has been memorialized as ‘‘Black Janu-ary’’ because of the invasion by 26,000 Soviet troops into the capital city Baku and sur-rounding areas. By the end of the following day, more than 130 people had died and over 600 people were missing. It is necessary to take the time every year to remember those who lost their lives during these two horrific events in Azerbaijan. Their unwilling sacrifice continues to serve as a re-minder to hold fast to the principles of democ-racy. Mr. Speaker, Azerbaijan is a strong partner of the United States in a strategically crucial and complex region of the world. I ask my col-leagues to join me and our Azerbaijani friends in commemorating the tragedy that occurred in the town of Khojaly as well as Black January. HONORING OFFICER DOUG BARNEY HON. JASON CHAFFETZ 
OF UTAH  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Officer Doug Barney. Officer Barney was killed on Sunday, January 17, 2016, in Holladay, Utah, while working overtime in order to fund his cancer treatments. While on duty, Officer Barney was shot fatally by a fugi-tive who was missing from drug rehabilitation. Unified Police Officer John Richey was also shot, and has since undergone surgery and is expected to improve. Officer Barney became a police officer be-cause he wanted to help people and loved children. He had formerly served as a school resource officer and worked tirelessly as a member of the Unified and Taylorsville, Utah, Police Departments for 18 years. His cancer was in remission at the time of his death. He is survived by his wife and three children. Officer Barney gave the ultimate sacrifice while in the line of duty. His colleagues have remembered him for his humor and caring na-ture. He was an accomplished officer who had overcome the odds of cancer. I honor Officers Barney and Richey as heroes and am grateful for their service to the State of Utah. Today, I ask all Members of Congress to join me as we honor the life and legacy of Of-ficer Doug Barney, so that his sacrifice and service will be remembered by our country. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE M CCONNELL CENTER 
HON. BRETT GUTHRIE 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the McConnell Center at the Univer-sity of Louisville on its 25th anniversary since its founding. The McConnell Center was es-tablished by Senator M
CCONNELL and the Uni-versity of Louisville, his alma mater, in 1991 with the mission to help nurture the next gen-eration of great leaders in the Commonwealth of Kentucky. The McConnell Center has helped educate, inspire, and motivate more than 200 McCon-nell Scholars and has given more than $3.5 million in scholarships to more than 230 Ken-tucky students. I am proud to say that three McConnell Scholars, Andrew Stewart, Natalie Smith, and Sean Southard, have interned in my office. The McConnell Center has also pro-vided thousands of hours of professional de-velopment to Kentucky’s teachers. The McConnell Center’s successful program has demonstrated the profound and lasting im-pact it is making within our Commonwealth, the nation, and the world. It has been named one of the ‘‘Oases of Excellence in Higher Education’’ by the American Council of Trust-ees and Alumni, touching the lives and ca-reers of thousands of students, teachers, re-searchers, and citizens. This year, the McConnell Center will cele-brate its 25th anniversary with the theme ‘‘Citi-zens and Statesmen,’’ continuing its great work in shaping our nation’s leaders, politics, and communities. Today, I would like to thank and recognize the McConnell Center for their exemplary work and mission in educational and civic engage-ment, building our future leaders on a founda-tion based upon ‘‘Leadership, Scholarship, and Service.’’ f 
HONORING ALAN DUNHAM 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Alan Dunham of Novato, California, for his exceptional commitment to public serv-ice and civic engagement. For nearly 40 years, Mr. Dunham has gone above and be-yond in his dedication to effecting change in his community, serving in numerous leader-ship positions and volunteering countless hours of his time throughout the City of Novato and Marin County. The Rotary Club of Novato annually selects a ‘‘Citizen of the Year,’’ which distinguishes a resident who has given exceptional contribu-tions to the city across a number of different areas. Their selection this year in Mr. Dunham could not be more fitting. Mr. Dunham moved to Novato in 1973, and quickly became involved in his new commu-nity. He joined the Rotary Club the following year, where, along with serving as president for a term, he led several trips and projects throughout the decades. For many years, he has been active with the Presbyterian Church of Novato, and he regularly volunteers with local children and youth. Additionally, his talents as an architect have beautified spaces throughout the city, includ-ing housing projects and gardens for seniors, group areas at the Marin county Fair, and the Stafford Lake Gate House, among others. Mr. Speaker, it is fitting that we honor and thank Alan Dunham for his many years of self-less volunteer work and leadership in the North Bay. On behalf of the many residents whose lives he’s impacted, I am privileged to honor and appreciate Mr. Alan Dunham. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MICHAEL HOKE 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Michael Hoke. Michael passed away on January 13, 2016, at the age of 67. Michael was an active and accomplished educator in the Orange community. After re-ceiving his doctorate, he went on to start the Orange chapter of the American Federation of Teachers, and continued to be a leading advo-cate for teachers within the community. His dedication and expertise were recog-nized in 1989 when he became the Texas re-cipient of the National Science Foundation’s Presidential Award. Michael later went on to instruct at Harvard University. Michael was committed to sharing his in-credible love and mastery of scientific teaching 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02FE8.003 E02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE91 February 2, 2016 
with the community and future generations. He founded ‘‘Science Superstars’’ to engage chil-dren and encourage a passion for learning, and ‘‘Bios, a School on Wheels’’ to help stu-dents explore various scientific research cen-ters and programs across Texas. Under his leadership, these educational programs have now spread across the nation. Michael was also a faithful Christian, and at-tended the First United Methodist Church in Orange. My prayers and condolences go out to Michael’s loving wife, Sandra, his daughter Julia, and his son Robert, and his two grand-children. Michael will be sorely missed in our community, but his passion and legacy will certainly live on. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HERO OF THE YEAR, OFFICER JEFF SCHLEE 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Police Officer Jeff Schlee, who re-cently was awarded ‘‘Hero of the Year’’ by the Palatine Chamber of Commerce for his work preparing schools, teachers, parents, and the community for a school shooting. Officer Schlee works with schools in Pala-tine, IL and has consulted with numerous sub-urbs in the Chicagoland area and across the country to prepare them for the possibility of a school shooting. Officer Schlee has been a school safety officer for ten years and has al-ways had a passion for protecting students; however he credits the birth of his children for increasing his dedication to defending school children. With dedication and persistence, he has studied past school shootings and works alongside his colleagues at the Palatine Police Department to develop response plans which could save student’s lives. One of the prin-ciples of his plan is having the whole commu-nity respond as a unit to make sure everyone is on the same page. Office Schlee believes it is essential to study the tragedies of the past to keep our children safe today and in the fu-ture. Mr. Speaker and my distinguished col-leagues in the House, please join me in recog-nizing Officer Jeff Schlee for the work he has done to help protect students in Palatine and across this great nation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Monday, February 1, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 46. HONORING MS. GLORIA FLAHERTY HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Gloria Flaherty, who is retiring from the Lake Family Resource Center after 19 years of service. Ms. Flaherty’s resume of community service is impressive. In addition to being a Founding Director and Executive Director at Lake Family Resource Center, Gloria has held numerous positions and titles within the Lake County community over the past two decades. Among other endeavors, Ms. Flaherty served as President of Kelseyville Sunrise Rotary, Board President of Kelseyville Unified School District, and Commissioner of First 5 Lake County. She has recently served as Chairman of the Lake County Continuum of Care, as a mem-ber of the Boards of North Coast Opportunities and Friends of Mendocino College, and as a Board member on the California Partnership to End Domestic Violence. Most recently, Ms. Flaherty has been heavily involved in Lake County fire recovery efforts, working tirelessly to set up a ‘‘warming center’’ to provide shel-ter and respite for those in need. In 2015, Ms. Flaherty received the Lake County Childcare Planning Council’s Lifetime Achievement Award. She was also named the 2015 Woman of the Year from the Third Con-gressional District. Ms. Flaherty has consist-ently demonstrated kindness, compassion and integrity, and has worked for years as a tire-less advocate for children and families. The citizens of Lake County have benefitted enor-mously from her efforts. Mr. Speaker, Gloria Flaherty has served her community with admirable commitment and re-solve. It is fitting and proper that I honor her here today. I wish Gloria Flaherty the best in her retirement. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COBWRA ON THEIR 35TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of myself and Mr. D
EUTCH  to congratulate the Coalition of Boynton West Residential Associations, or COBWRA, for 35 years of diligent work. COBWRA has played an important role in the growth of West Boyn-ton Beach, an area in both our districts. Since 1982, the officers and members of COBWRA have served as a voice for the resi-dential communities of West Boynton Beach, ensuring that resident’s concerns are heard and addressed. COBWRA has played a cru-cial role in bringing parks, schools, libraries, businesses, and hospitals to the area, while also serving as an advocate and educational source for residents. We are pleased to recognize COBWRA today for their service and commitment to their community, and look forward to working with them in the future to continue the growth and achievement of West Boynton. RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF JOANN STINGLEY HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of JoAnn Stingley. JoAnn coordinates the social service unit, also known as the victim’s assistance unit for the Elgin Police Department. JoAnn has been a social worker for the Elgin Police Department for more than 24 years. She was hired by former police chief Charles Gruber in 1991 and at the time Elgin was one of the first police departments to hire social workers in Illinois. Since that time she said she has never considered doing anything else but helping others. JoAnn’s salary is on the Elgin police depart-ment payroll; however, there is no budget allo-cation for client related expenses. This means that JoAnn must hold numerous fundraisers a year to support the programs she runs free of charge. These programs include crisis inter-vention, counseling, legal referrals and refer-rals for community resources including shelter, mental illness, substance abuse, parenting, and youth anger management courses. Lt. Rick Ciganek, an officer in the Elgin Police Department, was full of praise for JoAnn, stat-ing, ‘‘She’s truly the unsung hero of the police department. Anybody who comes here and says, ‘I need some help,’ they get help. JoAnn is incredible. She’ll provide services for any-body.’’ JoAnn is truly an inspiring woman and one of the many reasons Elgin is such a great place to work and live. Mr. Speaker and my distinguished col-leagues in the House, please join me in recog-nizing the service and dedication of JoAnn Stingley. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF LEHIGH CARBON COM-MUNITY COLLEGE 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize the 50th Anniversary of Lehigh Car-bon Community College (LCCC). LCCC was founded in 1966 and for 50 years it has deliv-ered quality, affordable two-year degree course programs, certificate and specialized diploma programs to students from Lehigh, Carbon, Schuylkill and other counties. The College has an enrollment of over 7,100 students and offers more than 90 pro-grams of study. The Lehigh Valley community has long rec-ognized the outstanding asset we have in Le-high Carbon Community College. The College gives students a great start for gaining the skills they’ll need to find and succeed in de-cent, good-paying careers and provides the employers of the region with skilled and well- trained workers. Mr. Speaker, I warmly extend my congratu-lations to the students, faculty, employees, ad-ministrators and alumni of Lehigh Carbon Community College on the happy occasion of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02FE8.008 E02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE92 February 2, 2016 
their Semicentennial. Thank you for providing the Lehigh Valley with diverse educational op-portunities that provide a firm foundation for solid, fulfilling careers. 
f 
HONORING WILLIAM A. MORRIS 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor William A. Morris for his courageous service to our nation during World War II. As a lifelong resident of Staten Island, New York, he deserves recognition for the dedication to his family, community and country. William served as a sergeant in the all-black 369th Coast Artillery Regiment and fought on the front line in Germany during a period of segregation. Overcoming the deep racial divi-sions in society to fight for his country during such momentous historical events like the in-vasion of Normandy shows his immense cour-age and loyalty. It was during this time in Europe that Wil-liam formed a special bond with a stray dog he met named Trixie. Trixie provided William and the rest of his company not only with an indispensable companion, but, in an aston-ishing act, also bravely aided in their protec-tion against three German soldiers. Serving as an unofficial mascot for the regiment, Trixie traveled back to Staten Island with William where she quickly fit in as a member of his family. Upon returning to Staten Island, William’s remarkable commitment to giving back has been widely recognized and celebrated. He served as a Boy Scout leader for Troop 47 for 35 years and, along with his wife, ran a food pantry for 30 years. This commitment earned them both the Silver Beaver Award for their distinguishable work in scouting. At 96 years old, William has continued to share his story with his community through an inspiring book written by his daughter Dolores, The Soldier That Wagged Her Tail. Mr. Speaker, William’s dedication to our country and his community serves as an in-spiring lesson to all. I admire his outstanding sacrifices and I am proud to honor this great resident from New York’s 11th Congressional District. 
f 
COMMEMORATING ELIZABETH S. TAI’S SERVICE TO POQUOSON, VIRGINIA 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Elizabeth S. Tai. After 36 years, she has retired from the position of Di-rector of the Poquoson Public Library. Under her leadership, Poquoson Public Library was accredited by the Library of Virginia, and start-ed receiving state funding in 1980. During her tenure, Elizabeth S. Tai spearheaded many initiatives which resulted in Poquoson Public Library becoming one of the busiest and most respected libraries in Virginia. I thank her for her dedication to the Poquoson community and wish her a happy retirement. f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE 60TH AIR MOBIL-ITY WING 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 50th Anniversary of the activation of the 60th Air Mobility Wing at Travis Air Force Base, in the heart of Califor-nia’s 3rd Congressional District. On January 8, 1966, what is now The 60th Air Mobility Wing became the host unit at Travis Air Force Base, and its emergence as the principal military airlift hub in the western United States earned Travis the moniker of ‘‘Gateway to the Pacific.’’ The wing is responsible for strategic airlift and air refueling missions around the world and controls more than $11 billion in total re-sources. It handles more cargo and pas-sengers than any other military air terminal in the United States. The 60th Wing has been involved in some of our country’s most recognizable military and humanitarian efforts in its 50 years of oper-ation. It was a major participant in Operations Homecoming and Babylift, when Travis Air Force Base became the main intake facility for POW’s and refugees coming from Vietnam. It flew 1,280 missions from Travis during Oper-ation Desert Storm. Its planes and personnel provided much needed relief after earthquakes in Mexico City, Armenia, and Haiti. Most re-cently, the 60th Air Mobility Wing provided air-lift and refueling operations in support of Oper-ations Noble Eagle and Enduring Freedom—to support our ongoing global war on terror. These are just a few of the achievements that have earned the wing multiple Air Force Out-standing Unit Awards. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to congratulate the 60th Air Mobility Wing on its 50th Anniver-sary, and I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the extraordinary dedication of the officer, enlisted, and civilian personnel who have served our nation. They have given Travis Air Force Base a renowned past, excit-ing present, and a very bright future. 
f 
TEAM JONNY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on Christ-mas Day 2014, 7-year-old Jonny was diag-nosed with brain and spinal cancer. On Janu-ary 2nd, 2016, young Jonny’s family laid him to rest. Roughly 1 in every 300 children in the United States will be diagnosed with some form of cancer before their 20th birthday. Jonny always said: ‘‘I don’t want any other kid to have cancer.’’ Jonny’s family, with the help of their Rep-resentative R
ODNEY DAVIS, are making sure Congress hears this message. They have also been joined by Texas State Representative Patrick Fallon. He recently raised money for pediatric cancer by running the World Mara-thon Challenge, consisting of 7 marathons on 7 continents in 7 days, and he had never run a marathon before. During the races, Fallon carried a photo of Jonny and his brother Jacky in his shoe. In fact, Jacky even ran with him in the U.S. race in Miami, Florida. I can’t think of a better reason to run a mar-athon. Together, we can beat childhood can-cer into the shadows with each step. And that’s just the way it is. f 
HONORING BRUCE SANDERS ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIRE-MENT 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Bruce Sanders, of Buffalo, New York, on his retirement from the position of Chief of Public Affairs of the Buffalo District of the United States Army Corps of Engineers, and to express gratitude for his forty-one years of devoted service to the United States of America. In his public affairs role, but also previously in his role as Management Analysis Officer, Mr. Sanders conducted himself with profes-sionalism and dedication in furtherance of the important work of the world’s largest public en-gineering agency. I was not surprised, there-fore, when it was conveyed to me that the Buffalo District Commander wrote in Mr. Sand-ers’ final appraisal that Mr. Sanders was ‘‘proud of being a public servant; exhibit[ed] pride and complete dedication to the District; [and was] honest and trustworthy; a person of strong character.’’ Again, I am pleased to congratulate and thank Mr. Sanders on the occasion of his re-tirement and wish him well in his future en-deavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CAPTAIN BOSWORTH ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE NAVY RESERVES 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the incredible service of Capt. William P. Bosworth, MC USNR (RET). Cap-tain Bosworth served on active duty from Sept. 1953 until Jan. 1958. After attending medical school at the University of Health Sciences in Kansas City, Missouri, he joined the Navy Medical Corps and again served his country with distinction from June 1972 until March 1999. As an Osteopathic Physician, Dr. Bosworth provided operational medicine and primary care to hundreds of patients at his various duty stations. He retired in 1999 as a Captain but continued to serve the Navy Reserves three to four days per month here at NAS Jacksonville until today. In fact, Bill Bosworth volunteered as a Reserve Medical Officer for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02FE8.011 E02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE93 February 2, 2016 
456 consecutive months from 1976 until 2013 and logged approximately 792 drill weekends at our military bases. He is the epitome of the dedicated officer. It is his voluntary reserve service that I would like to applaud. Dr. Bosworth applied for permission to participate with the Navy Re-serves in a retired status with no points ac-crued for retirement, with no payment author-ized, and with no travel authorized. He served because Bill loved the men and women in the Navy and wanted to assist them in any way he could. Year after year, he performed physicals and primary care for all the sailors in our local Naval Reserves. Of course, that kept him busy on weekends, but he also remained an active physician on the staffs of two local hospitals. He was li-censed in three states: Florida, Georgia and Tennessee so he could better serve his sail-ors. He is a Lifetime Member of the Duval County Medical Society and the American Academy of Family Physicians. He is Past President of the Duval County Academy of Family Physicians and Former Chairman of the Duval County Hospital Authority. One Commanding Officer wrote that Captain Bosworth ‘‘demonstrated unparalleled leader-ship and skills in the superior performance of his duties.’’ I couldn’t agree more. But there is another side of Bill Bosworth that many may not know. Bill and I share a love for the game of basketball. Yes, Dr. Bill Bosworth is an ac-tive participant and officer in the National Men’s Masters Basketball Championships. Every year, he teams up with such basketball greats as Artis Gilmore and Sam Jones and brings the game to Jacksonville. Just two weeks ago, the games were played at the Jacksonville Sportsplex. This endeavor has developed into national events and has been included in the World Masters Games and the World Senior Games. Bill and his wife Wanda both serve on the Florida Division of the Na-tional Basketball Tournament Committee. There is a saying in the United States Navy when a person retires that ‘‘this sailor stood the watch’’ and today, Mr. Speaker, I ask you and Members of the House to join me in salut-ing my longtime friend, Dr. William P. Bosworth, MC USNR, for a job well done. He has faithfully stood the watch all these years and now his watch stands relieved. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on February 1, 2016 I was absent for recorded vote Num-bers 46 through 47. I would like to reflect how I would have voted if I were here: on Roll Call Number 46 I would have voted yes, and on Roll Call Num-ber 47 I would have voted yes. IN MEMORY OF KATHRYN BURKETT HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, yesterday, Kathryn Louise Spires Burkett of Edmund was properly eulogized during funeral services recognizing her legacy as one of South Carolina’s most beloved civic leaders and homemakers. She and her late husband Horace raised their children to become some of the most re-spected professionals of the Midlands of South Carolina with her grandchildren now achieving the highest standards of community service and success. In January 1984, her passion for excellence was crucial in launching my successful cam-paign to serve in the State Senate when she was a co-host of a reception at the Farm Bu-reau in Cayce. The Burkett Family endorse-ment made the difference in a very chal-lenging effort for victory in the October Repub-lican primary replacing an incumbent. A fitting tribute was published on January 31st in The State newspaper of Columbia, South Carolina: 
Kathryn Louise Spires Burkett entered into eternal rest on January 30, 2016, fol-lowing a brief illness. Kathryn, born April 11, 1929, was a daughter of Drayton and Sara Spires of Cayce, S.C. She attended BC High School where she was Homecoming Queen representing her lifelong sweetheart, Horace Olin Burkett, Jr. She attended Columbia College before she and Horace married in 1949. They were proud parents to Jimmy, Donny, Ronny, Timmy, and Andrea and pur-sued their dream of raising their children in the country. They moved to their beloved 17 acres in Edmund in 1962. Their home was a place of welcome to all, an endless source of adventure to their children, and the site of countless picnics, fish fries, and family gath-erings. Kathryn’s boundless energy was de-voted to home, family, church, and commu-nity. She planted, nurtured, and harvested an acre vegetable garden every summer and proudly canned enough food to feed her fam-ily throughout the year. She was a mar-velous cook, and her hand gently stirring a bowl of flour into mouth-watering biscuits was a wonder to behold. She served on the Governor’s Beautifi-cation Board and volunteered with the American Heart Association, American Can-cer Society, Little League, Cub Scouts, and PTA. She and Horace also served in many ca-pacities at Cayce United Methodist Church and the Edmund Community Club. Kathryn was devoted to the cause of mental health and was a catalyst in starting the first Lex-ington County Mental Health Center. She also had an avid interest in politics, volun-teering for Strom Thurmond, Floyd Spence and Ben Carson, among many others, and as a poll watcher and precinct captain. Kathryn and Horace left a legacy to their children, grandchildren, and great-grand-children of commitment, faithfulness, and an unfailing knowledge of the difference be-tween right and wrong. We thank them from the bottom of our hearts and proudly carry all they taught us into the future. Kathryn was predeceased by her parents, Drayton and Sara; her husband, Horace; her brothers, Col and Fred Spires; her sister, Margie McNair; brother-in-law, David Burkett; and her granddaughter, Crystal Bradshaw. She is survived by her sister-in-law and spouse, Jeannette Burkett and Owen Livingston and her children and spouses/partners: Jimmy and Debbie Burkett, Donny and Jeannie Burkett, Ronny and Mary Burkett, Tim Burkett and Lance Wilhelm, and Andrea and Bobby Lange. She is survived by grand-children and spouses/partners: Sarah and Heath Maner, Laura and Zach Moore, Tif-fany Burkett, Brandi and Mike Dixon, Mi-chael Burkett and Lisa Walner, Patrick Burkett, Meghan Burkett, Ian and Jenn Burkett, Jesse Bundrick and Jada Lange. She was blessed with great-granddaughters, Micaiah, Anna, and Alexis Burkett and Char-ley Dixon, and newborn great-grandson, Eze-kiel Burkett. Visitation will be held on Monday, Feb-ruary 1, at Cayce United Methodist Church from 1:30 p.m. to 2:45 p.m. and followed by services at 3:00 p.m. Private interment will follow in Southland Memorial Gardens. The family will receive friends at the home of Ronny and Mary Burkett, 87 Holly Ridge Lane, West Columbia, on Sunday afternoon from 2–5 p.m. Memorials may be made to the Crystal Bradshaw Foundation, 17 Abberton Court, Chapin, SC 29036. The family wishes to thank the special caregivers and residents of Oakleaf Village who were family to Kath-ryn in her later years. f HONORING THE USO FOR 75 YEARS OF SERVICE TO OUR TROOPS AND THEIR FAMILIES 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the hard working men and women of the USO in celebration of their 75th Birthday of entertaining and supporting our troops and families. I especially applaud the work of the Greater Jacksonville Area USO which makes it its mission to lift the spirits of our service members and their families. This small army of mostly volunteers reaches out to active duty military at our three large navy bases, Naval Air Station Jacksonville, Naval Station Mayport and Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay. They also support our United States Coast Guard men and women, the Marines at Blount Island Command, Army personnel stationed in the area, and those serving in the Florida National Guard. The USO was formed in 1941 at the request of President Franklin D. Roosevelt who real-ized he needed a civilian organization to han-dle on-leave recreation. This call to action led six agencies to coordinate their civilian war ef-forts and resources to form a new organiza-tion—the USO, United Service Organizations. Today, the USO is a private, not for profit or-ganization, supported entirely by donations from citizens and organizations. Since its inception, the USO has been that ‘‘Home Away From Home’’ for our military dur-ing wars and during peace time. The Greater Jacksonville Area USO was established as an independent branch of the national USO in 1979. Today, its three centers continue to serve over 250,000 military and families with quality of life and morale boosting programs. I have had the privilege of working with the USO and its many volunteers in serving din-ners prior to pay days. They are called No Dough Dinners and are hugely popular with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02FE8.017 E02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE94 February 2, 2016 
our junior ranking families. In addition, our USO mails over 15,000 goodie boxes to front line troops and distributes hundreds of calling cards for deployed troops to call home. Here in Jacksonville, the USO operates Internet cyber cafes, assists families and troops with programs like United Through Reading where the deployed member reads a book on a DVD to his or her children back home. Two of the USO’s most popular programs are the Wel-come Center at our airport and free or re-duced cost tickets to local sporting and cul-tural events. On February 4, 2016, the Greater Jackson-ville Area USO will celebrate 75 years of serv-ing our military and providing help on the home front for those who give their all for the security of this nation. The Greater Jackson-ville Area USO is 100 percent self-funded and relies on donations from citizens and corpora-tions like Boeing, Jacksonville Jaguars, W.W. Gay, VyStar Credit Union, Siemens, Northrop Grumman, Florida Blue, Jacksonville Inter-national Airport and the PGA Tour among oth-ers. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and Members of the House of Representatives to join me in ac-knowledging the 75th Birthday of the USO and its commitment to our active duty military. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,012,827,698,417.93. We’ve added $8,385,950,649,504.85 to our debt in 7 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, during Roll Call vote number 46 on February 1, 2016, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted aye. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DOUG CROFT’S TENURE AS PRESIDENT OF THE THOMASVILLE AREA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Doug Croft for his 28 years of lead-ership to the city of Thomasville, North Caro-lina through his work at the Thomasville Area Chamber of Commerce. I have seen firsthand the positive impact Mr. Croft has had on his community, and I know I will not be the last to say how much he will be missed. Under Mr. Croft’s exceptional leadership, the city of Thomasville rebounded from a pe-riod of manufacturing and furniture-building job loss during the recent recession. He success-fully helped turn the city around and create a business-friendly and job-creating center with-in the state of North Carolina. In addition to his impact on the local economic recovery, Mr. Croft played a critical role in the City of Thom-asville’s selection as an ‘‘All-American City’’ for 2013, by the National Civic League. Mr. Croft has also been instrumental in the development and implementation of two key city-wide initiatives, the ‘‘Envision 2020’’ stra-tegic plan and the ‘‘Thomasville on the Move’’ capital raising campaign. In fact, as a result of his hard work on the ‘‘Thomasville on the Move’’ campaign, Mr. Croft was recognized in 2011 as the Chamber Executive of the Year for North Carolina by the Carolinas Associa-tion of Chamber of Commerce Executives. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Mr. Doug Croft for his successful tenure as President of the Thomasville Area Cham-ber of Commerce, and wishing him well as he begins the next chapter of his already distin-guished career. f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT DEBBIE PEECOCK 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Lieutenant Debbie Peecock, of the Napa Police Depart-ment, who is retiring after 30 years of service to her community. Debbie Peecock joined the Napa Police De-partment on September 9, 1985, and eventu-ally became the first woman in Napa police history to earn her current rank of lieutenant. In this role, Lieutenant Peecock oversees the Special Operations Division of the Napa Police Department. She manages the department’s Investigations Bureau, Youth Services Bureau and the Homeless Outreach Program, while also heading Napa’s Canine and SWAT Units. Lieutenant Peecock further serves as the liai-son between the Napa PD and the Napa Val-ley Unified School District, the Napa County Office of Education, and Napa County Health and Human Services. It is difficult to overstate the impact Lieuten-ant Peecock has had on our community. Her consistent leadership and activism have made her a well-known and well-liked figure, one whose advice is often sought out by commu-nity members. Her influence extends beyond her work in the Police Department, as Lieuten-ant Peecock also works with numerous organi-zations and foundations, including the Con-tinuum of Care, the Napa County Advisory Board on Alcohol and Drug Programs, the Catalyst Coalition and the Napa County DARE and Safe Schools Foundations. She has a long history of social activism, supporting charity and nonprofit programs like Shop With A Cop, Community Action Napa Valley, and the Napa Valley Education Foundation. Lieu-tenant Peecock has consistently acted with re-markable dedication and character, and resi-dents of Napa and the surrounding areas have benefitted enormously from her efforts. Mr. Speaker, Lieutenant Debbie Peecock has served her community with admirable in-tegrity and commitment for three decades. It is fitting and proper that I honor her here today. I wish Lieutenant Peecock the best in her re-tirement. f 
RECOGNIZING THE PALM BEACH TOWN SQUARE PROJECT 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the unveiling of the newly renovated Palm Beach Town Square, and to thank those involved in the project for their hard work. On Sunday, January 31st, the Town of Palm Beach dedicated the newly ren-ovated Town Square, a symbol of Palm Beach’s rich and unique history. The Palm Beach Centennial Commission, in celebration of the 100th anniversary of the Town of Palm Beach’s incorporation, spear-headed the effort to renovate the square. Plans for the Town Square were first approved in 1929 by the Garden Club of Palm Beach, an organization which played a role in this re-cent renovation as well. The project restored the famous Seahorse Fountain and the surrounding architecture and landscape. The fountain was designed by Addison Mizner in 1929 to honor the two Palm Beach pioneers: Henry Flagler, the founder of Palm Beach, and Elisha Newton Dimick, the town’s first Mayor. Funding for the original fountain was a community effort fronted by Harold S. Vanderbilt and other Palm Beach residents. Along with the fountain, this historic square includes a Memorial Park and reflect-ing pool and Veterans memorial wall. Just as the original fountain was made pos-sible by Palm Beach residents in 1929, this renovation was a community effort. I would like to thank the local clubs and organizations, town officials, and those in the community who donated their time and funds to this endeavor for their commitment to the Town of Palm Beach. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIKE POMPEO 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 46 and 47, I was unable to cast my vote in person due to a previously scheduled engage-ment. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02FE8.018 E02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE95 February 2, 2016 
A TRIBUTE: NATIONAL FREEDOM DAY ASSOCIATION 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate National Freedom Day 2016, a holiday established to recognize the day President Abraham Lincoln signed the 13th Amendment freeing enslaved Blacks. On Feb-ruary 1, 1941, Major Richard Robert Wright, Sr. invited national and local leaders to meet in Philadelphia to formulate plans to set aside February 1st each year to memorialize the signing of the 13th Amendment to the Con-stitution by President Lincoln on February 1, 1865. One year after Major Wright’s death in 1947, a bill passed both U.S. Houses of Con-gress making February 1st National Freedom Day. Major Wright is recognized as a post recon-struction pioneer and trailblazer who dedicated his life to establishing this national day of commemoration of freedom. Each year on the first day of Black History Month, National Freedom Day Associations in cities and states across the nation come together for this an-nual observance to promote goodwill, harmony and equal opportunity and to rededicate the nation to these ideals. And, as we look back at the life of Major Wright, we discover a true American story of resilience, foresight and faith. He was born into slavery in 1855. And, as a child he en-countered retired Union Civil War General Oli-ver Otis Howard, in an Atlanta classroom. Summoning up unbelievable courage he said, ‘‘Sir, tell them we are rising,’’ as a way to help northerners understand the hope of newly freed Blacks. These words came to be Major Wright’s lifelong mantra. His personal ‘‘rising’’ included: serving as a major in the Spanish-American War, founding and leading Savannah State College; attend-ing the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania at the age of 67; and, founding the Citizens and Southern Bank and Trust Company, in Philadelphia, the only northern Black-owned bank at the time. Therefore, I am proud to honor the life and contributions of Major Wright, a great Amer-ican visionary and trailblazer and the National Freedom Day Association as it stands as an historic reminder of our nation’s promise of freedom and justice. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JOANN GONYEA’S SERVICE TO THE CITY OF TRENTON 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Joann Gonyea for her 31 years of service in the Parks and Recreation Depart-ment of Trenton, Michigan. Joann began her career with the City of Trenton Parks and Recreation Department as a Program Coordinator in 1985. She became the Assistant Director in 1990 and served in that role for 20 years before being appointed Director in 2011. Many of the events and activities for which Trenton has become known started with Joann. During an internship with Wayne Coun-ty Parks 31 years ago, she designed the ‘‘Somewhere in Time’’ event which captures the spirit of the iconic Elizabeth Park in the early 1900’s and engages residents with the history of their city. Joann has also been the driving force behind the ‘‘Community Builds’’ program and the ‘‘Healthy Trenton Initiative’’ which both promote healthy and active life-styles by emphasizing teamwork. Joann is instrumental in the success of community events in Trenton and is well known for her ability to organize and inspire volunteers. Many projects, including the recent addition of a playground to Affholter Park, are finished in record time due to the groundswell of community support Joann encourages. It’s because she practices what she preaches, and generously dedicates her time to organi-zations throughout the Downriver community, such as the International Wildlife Refuge Alli-ance where she serves as a board member. Joann is part of the heart and soul of Tren-ton, Michigan and the Downrivers. Tonight, we recognize Joann with the Duane Brannick award for outstanding service to the city, an award which is annually given to leaders in the city that go above and beyond. I know that Joann is the perfect recipient of this pres-tigious award and I am proud to call her a friend. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today to honor Joann Gonyea for her 31 years of service to the city of Trenton. I thank her for her leadership, and wish her many years of success. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DENNIS HOLLOWAY’S SELECTION AS THE RICHMOND COUNTY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 2015 CITIZEN OF THE YEAR 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Dennis Holloway for his selection as the Richmond County Chamber of Com-merce’s 2015 Citizen of the Year. Mr. Hollo-way represents the best our area has to offer, and this selection illustrates the profound im-pact he has had on our community. Mr. Holloway decided early in life to dedi-cate himself to helping others in need, and he has not stopped that mission since. Mr. Hollo-way served in the United States Army as a member of the 82nd Airborne until he was honorably discharged in 1967 after serious in-juries he sustained during a training exercise hindered his deployment. After surviving this harrowing ordeal, Mr. Holloway worked in the North Carolina Wildlife Resources Commission for 30 years. The list of charitable acts Mr. Holloway has carried out and the number of leadership posi-tions within several community service organi-zations he holds demonstrates the commit-ment he has made to serving those in his community, and beyond. As a recovery team leader for the North Carolina Baptist Men, a nondenominational organization dedicated to providing relief to those in need, Mr. Holloway and his team have done everything from trav-eling down to South Carolina to assist families recovering from the historic flooding that took place last year to building wheelchair ramps at the homes of disabled community residents. Mr. Holloway is an inspiration to all the Rich-mond County community and this award is truly a testament to the appreciation he has so rightfully earned. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Mr. Dennis Holloway for receiving this prestigious distinction, and wishing him well as he continues to serve the people of Richmond County, North Carolina. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, during Roll Call vote number 47 on February 1, 2016, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted aye. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 46 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted yes. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I was not present during roll call vote number 45 on January 13, 2016. I would like to reflect that on roll call vote number 45 I would have voted No. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. YVETTE D. CLARKE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, on February 1, 2016, I was unavoidably detained and missed recorded votes Number 46 through 47. Had I been present, on Roll Call Number 46, H.R. 2187—Fair Investment Op-portunities for Professional Experts Act, I would have voted YEA, and on Roll Call Num-ber 47, H.R. 4168—Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement Act, I would have voted YEA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE8.014 E02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE96 February 2, 2016 
TO HONOR THE LIFE OF SHERIFF MAYNARD B. REID, JR. 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Randolph County Sheriff Maynard B. Reid, Jr., who passed away on January 5, 2016 at the age of 69. We send our prayers and sincerest condolences to his wife, Sandra, and the entire Reid family. Sheriff Reid began his life of public service in the United States Marine Corps and served his nation during the Vietnam War. After re-turning from his service, Sheriff Reid joined the Asheboro Police Department and eventu-ally moved to the Randolph County Sheriffs Office. In 2006, he was elected Sheriff of Ran-dolph County and served in his post for 10 years. Under his leadership, there was a great emphasis on community outreach efforts and enabling those under his command to better serve the people of Randolph County. This could be seen through his efforts to modernize officer’s patrol vehicles and the creation of a task force designed to combat internet preda-tors that targeted children. Sheriff Reid was a 40 year veteran of law enforcement who spent nearly his entire life serving and protecting his community. He was an inspiration to all who had the honor of serv-ing beside him and under his leadership. The Randolph County community will always re-member the man he was and the legacy he has passed down to future public servants. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in cele-brating the life of Sheriff Maynard B. Reid, Jr. and honoring him for his profound commitment to his country, his community, and the numer-ous lives he touched throughout his life. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MICHAEL JAMES RIDDERING 
HON. PATRICK MURPHY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Michael James Riddering. Mike, who dedicated his life to serving others as an American missionary in Burkina Faso, was tragically taken from this world far too soon at the age of 45, a victim of the terrorist attack that struck this West Afri-can nation on January 15th. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife Amy and their chil-dren Haley, Delaney, Biba, and Moise during this most difficult time. Five years ago, Mr. Riddering and his wife Amy left their home in Hollywood, Florida to move to Burkina Faso to run the Sheltering Wings’ mission in the town of Yako. Together, they helped women and children in need, run-ning an orphanage, school, and medical clinic. While in Burkina Faso, the couple adopted two children, 15-year-old Biba and 4-year-old Moise. It was this commitment and service that led him to Ouagadougou on the day of the ter-rorist attack in the nation’s capital. Mike had gone to greet a team of missionaries who were just arriving in Burkina Faso to work at the orphanage when the area was seized by Al Qaeda-affiliated terrorists. We memorialize Mike’s life by honoring him in the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD here today. But we honor his memory by recommitting ourselves to the truth shared by Dr. Martin Lu-ther King, Jr., and a testament to how Mike lived his life of service: ‘‘Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate, only love can do that.’’ Mr. Speaker, while Mike Riddering’s life was cut short by those hoping to instill fear, hatred, and darkness in our world, his life of service, light, and love will never fade. He will be greatly missed by his family and friends and all the lives he touched both in South Florida and Burkina Faso. It is through them that his light will continue to shine on. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT GENERAL LAWRENCE F. SNOWDEN 
HON. JOHN KLINE 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize a great American, a great Marine, and a champion of lasting friendship between the people of the United States and Japan. As our nation prepares to recognize the 71st anniver-sary of the Battle of Iwo Jima, it is timely to recognize a veteran of that iconic struggle in the Second World War. Lieutenant General Lawrence F. Snowden was born April 14, 1921 in Charlottesville, Vir-ginia and graduated from the University of Vir-ginia in 1942. Prior to graduating, General Snowden enlisted in the Marine Corps Re-serve in February, 1942 and was called to ac-tive duty in May, 1942. He was commissioned as a Marine Second Lieutenant on July 18, 1942. Assigned to Camp Lejeune, North Caro-lina, he served initially with the 23rd Marine Regiment, assigned to the 3rd and then the 4th Marine Divisions. From February, 1944 until March, 1945 he saw combat as a Company Commander with the 23rd Marines in the capture of Roi-Namur in the Marshall Islands, the capture of Saipan and Tinian, and the legendary assault on Iwo Jima which commenced on February 19, 1945. It was Fleet Admiral Chester Nimitz who, when speaking of the Battle of Iwo Jima, stated that, ‘‘Uncommon valor was a common virtue.’’ General Snowden is the senior sur-viving American veteran of that battle in which he was wounded twice. General Snowden re-tired from the Marine Corps after more than 37 years of active service in 1979, serving his last years as Chief of Staff, Headquarters U.S. Marine Corps. His commitment to our nation and healing the wounds of the war did not end at his re-tirement. General Snowden became a regular traveler to Japan and to Iwo Jima leading a ‘‘Reunion of Honor’’ with his fellow veterans of the battle from both the United States and Japan. His mission is a solemn one of rec-onciliation. As the widow of the Japanese commanding general said to him, ‘‘Once en-emies, now friends.’’ General Snowden himself has stated, ‘‘Those men didn’t want to be here any more than we did. They were doing their duty. You don’t hate anybody for that.’’ As a further sign of his commitment to goodwill, General Snowden was here in this chamber in April, 2015 as a guest of the Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo¯Abe when he addressed the Congress. At his side was the grandson of the commander of the Japanese garrison on Iwo Jima while General Snowden’s efforts were recognized by the Prime Minister. As a 25-year veteran of the Marine Corps I am honored to recognize the historic anniver-sary of the Battle of Iwo Jima, and I am pleased to call attention to this great Amer-ican, Lieutenant General Lawrence F. Snowden. I applaud his contribution to the past, present, and future of our great nation as a Marine and a statesman. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE KING 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I was un-able to vote on February 1, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: YES on Roll Call Number 46; YES on Roll Call Number 47. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILL FLORES 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise to state that I was not able to be on the House floor for roll call vote 46 to H.R. 2187 taken on Feb-ruary 1, 2016. Had I been present for this vote, I would have voted aye. The Fair Investment Opportunities for Pro-fessional Experts Act expands the definition of accredited investor to also include professional experts. This ensures that investors in my Congressional district have the right to access suitable investment vehicles and is critical for markets to operate efficiently. 
f 
HONORING BARRY COATES 
HON. TOM RICE 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mr. Barry Coates, a United States Army veteran from McBee, South Carolina. Barry passed away last week from terminal cancer that was left untreated by the VA for over a year. Even as he battled his illness, Barry remained a champion for improving medical access and care for all veterans. Mr. Speaker, I join with the people of South Carolina in recognizing the life of Barry. To-gether, we honor his service and dedication to the fight for better treatment for our veterans. His contributions to this fight leave an indelible mark that will always be remembered. Barry will be greatly missed and I ask that we keep Barry’s wife, Donna, his five children, Scotty, Breanna, Shane, Troy, and Tyler, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02FE8.021 E02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE97 February 2, 2016 
the rest of his family in our thoughts and pray-ers. Mr. Speaker, we must do better for our na-tion’s veterans. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today regarding missed votes on Monday, February 1, 2016. Had I been present for roll call vote number 46, H.R. 2187, the Fair In-vestment Opportunities for Professional Ex-perts Act, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Had I been present for roll call vote number 47, H.R. 4168, the Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement Act, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, on Monday, February 1, 2016, I was ab-sent from the House because I was unavoid-ably detained. Due to my absence, I did not record my vote on the first vote of the day. I would like to reflect how I would have voted had I been present for legislative business. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on Roll Call 46. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JOE MOOSE’S SELECTION AS THE NATIONAL COMMUNITY PHARMACISTS AS-SOCIATION’S 2015 WILLARD B. SIMMONS INDEPENDENT PHAR-MACIST OF THE YEAR 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Joe Moose for his selection as the National Community Pharmacists Associa-tion’s (NCPA) 2015 Willard B. Simmons Inde-pendent Pharmacist of the Year. Dr. Moose and his family have been providing top of the line care to residents of the state of North Carolina for four generations, and this most recent honor illustrates yet again the profound impact he has had on our community. Since receiving his Doctorate of Pharmacy from Campbell University’s College of Phar-macy and Health Science, Dr. Moose has dedicated himself to providing the best care possible for his patients while also focusing on helping future generations of pharmacists. Dr. Moose currently serves as the primary instruc-tor at the University of North Carolina’s Eshelman School of Pharmacy’s Community Pharmacy Residency Program, while also vol-unteering his time to instruct future pharma-ceutical students at his alma mater, Campbell University, as well as Wingate University’s School of Pharmacy. Dr. Moose also serves on multiple commit-tees and boards for the state of North Caro-lina, including the Medicaid Pharmacy and Therapeutics Committee as well as co-chairing the Medicaid Drug Regimen Review Board. As a result of his tireless efforts, Dr. Moose has been the recipient of multiple awards and hon-ors, with his latest being the NCPA’s 2015 Willard B. Simmons Independent Pharmacist of the Year. This award, according to the NCPA, recognizes an independent pharmacist for exemplary leadership and commitment to independent pharmacy and to their commu-nity. Dr. Moose received this award at the NCPA 2015 Annual Convention on October 11, 2015. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Dr. Joe Moose for receiving this pres-tigious distinction, and wishing him and his family well as they continue to serve the peo-ple of North Carolina with high-quality care and exceptional customer service. f 
URGENCY OF ADDRESSING FELONY DISENFRANCHISEMENT 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise on the first Restoration Tuesday of Feb-ruary to talk about the issue of felony dis-enfranchisement, an issue that is critical to voting rights in our country. Felony disenfranchisement dates back to before the Jim Crow era. It is inconsistent with the values we cherish most in our country today and it contradicts the narrative that we’ve moved beyond the sins of our past. The United States should not be a country where past mistakes have endless consequences with no opportunity for second chances. 5.85 million Americans are denied the right to vote because of these laws. 4.4 million are out of prison, living in our communities, paying taxes, working, and raising families, yet they remain unable to vote, shut out from our de-mocracy. Denying this right of citizenship further pun-ishes individuals who re-enter our commu-nities and counters the expectation that citi-zens have rehabilitated themselves following a conviction. The United States should not be a country where past mistakes have countless consequences with no opportunity for redress. My home state of Alabama is one of 12 states that do not automatically restore voting rights to people who have served their sen-tences. Alabama has one of the nation’s high-est disenfranchisement rates. Nearly a third of African American men in my home state have permanently lost their right to vote. Regardless of the amount of time they’ve been out of pris-on, they have been completely excluded from the electoral process. These state laws that bar 5.8 million Ameri-cans with felony convictions from voting date back to the late 19th and early 20th centuries. During the decades following passage of the Fifteenth Amendment, lawmakers across the country worked tirelessly to invalidate the black vote. As the Jim Crow era began to gain ground, these bans were strengthened. While poll taxes and literacy tests were ef-fective tools in their arsenal, statutes allowing the subjective and permanent exclusion of large numbers of minorities from the demo-cratic process were a particularly potent weap-on in their efforts to undermine African-Amer-ican political power. Those who championed these bans were clear on their intent. In 1901, disenfranchise-ment in Alabama was extended to all crimes involving ‘‘moral turpitude’’—applying to mis-demeanors and even non-criminal acts. The president of the constitutional convention ar-gued the state needed to avert what he called the ‘‘menace of Negro domination.’’ In 2016 we are still operating under some of the same laws that were cornerstones of Jim Crow. Our nation’s existing patchwork of fed-eral law disfranchising people with criminal records perpetuates entrenched racial and so-cioeconomic discrimination. We’ve clearly fall-en woefully short of achieving our ideals. We can and must do better. Rep. JOHN CONYERS has introduced a great piece of legislation to restore voting rights in federal elections to the millions of Americans who have been released from incarceration, but continue to be denied the right to vote. I encourage all of my colleagues, from both sides of the aisle, to support the Democracy Restoration Act of 2015, a bill to restore voting rights in federal elections to people who are out of prison and living in the community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ROSE STRONG ON HER 70TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, It is my dis-tinct honor to recognize Ms. Rose Strong on her 70th birthday. Born in Minden, Louisiana, the 12th of 13 children, Ms. Strong grew up to defy the odds of her time and distinguish herself as an effec-tive leader. Known as a pioneer among women in the 1970s and 1980s, Ms. Strong was elected as a City Councilwoman of Columbus, Georgia in 1984, making her the first African American woman elected in Muscogee County. She went on to be appointed by President George H.W. Bush as Deputy Director, Intergovern-mental Affairs of the U.S. Department of Transportation in 1989. At the age of 70, Ms. Strong continues her impressive career, currently holding the posi-tion of Vice-President and Spokesperson of T.E.C.H. for the World, Inc. Aside from the contributions Ms. Strong has made in her professional life, she has recently been honored at her local place of worship, The City Church in Seattle, as one of its ‘‘Pil-lars.’’ She is also the proud mother of two children who have followed in their mother’s footsteps of serving their community. Rozalyn Strong is a Doctoral Candidate and an educator in the Lake Washington School District. Mack Strong, Jr. is a retired Seattle Seahawk full-back and currently works as the Western States Director of the NFL’s Legends Commu-nity. I admire and thank Ms. Strong for her life-time of leadership and dedication to country and community. I am extremely proud to call 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02FE8.026 E02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE98 February 2, 2016 
her a friend. May she have a happy 70th birth-day and enjoy many more to come. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE FAIRNESS FOR BREASTFEEDING MOTHERS ACT OF 2016 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the Fairness for Breastfeeding Mothers Act of 2016, a bill that would require buildings that are either federally owned or leased to provide designated private and hygienic lacta-tion spaces for nursing mothers. For years, federal agencies such as the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have encouraged breastfeeding—the benefits are so great that the Affordable Care Act amended federal law to require employers to provide a designated, non-bathroom space for returning employees to pump breastmilk for their newborns, ensur-ing that new mothers would be able to con-tinue this essential practice even after return-ing to work. My bill would extend this require-ment to include not just employees, but visi-tors and guests to federal facilities across the nation. In Washington, D.C. alone, there are mil-lions of tourists who visit federal sites, such as the Lincoln Memorial and the Smithsonian In-stitution. Increasingly, families understand the unique benefits of breastfeeding, and visitors to these buildings who have newborns and ba-bies should have a private space to breastfeed or pump. The benefits of breastfeeding are well documented— breastmilk contains antibodies and hormones that boost babies’ immune systems, and stud-ies have shown lower risks of asthma, diabe-tes, respiratory infections, and other diseases among breastfed babies. Moreover, breastfeeding also has benefits for nursing mothers, who, research has shown, have lower risks of diabetes and certain forms of cancer. Given the significant public health benefits of breastfeeding for both mother and baby, already recognized in federal policy, my bill is a logical next step to ensure visitors to federal sites have access to clean, hygienic, and private spaces to nurse or pump. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, which would provide access to designated lac-tation rooms for guests to federally owned or leased buildings. 
f 
HONORING THE MOST VENERABLE ORDER OF THE HOSPITAL OF SAINT JOHN OF JERUSALEM 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, since 1888, the members of the Most Ven-erable Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem have promoted peace and health in the Middle East through their hospital in East Jerusalem, Gaza, and the West Bank. In 2015, the hospital and associated clinics treated over 125,000 patients—including 15,000 through mobile outreach. The Order has a strong foundation in Christian ideals, and a motto of ‘‘Pro Fide, Pro Utilitate Hominum: For the Faith and in the Service of Humanity,’’ which speak to the inspiring scope of their global contribution. The Order also features a diverse member-ship, who vow to ‘‘serve our lords, the sick and the poor,’’ and to fulfill this promise through volunteer service, fundraising, and monetary donations. I would like to congratu-late Priory/Regional Chair, Julian V. Brandt III, CStJ, of Charleston, South Carolina, for his dedication for the significant work that the Order is accomplishing around the world. f 
CELEBRATING THE 10TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE SCHOOL OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 2016 marks the 10th anniversary for the School of Science and Technology (SST) located in my district in San Antonio, Texas. SST provides a K–12 curriculum concentrated on educating students in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM). In the rapidly changing world of science and technology, it is critical that our students receive STEM education from an early age. For a decade, SST has provided students with such an opportunity. SST has been ranked among the top high schools in Texas for multiple years and has received the Bronze, Silver and Gold rankings from US News and World Report. This is a testament to the school’s dedication to pro-viding STEM education to students in the San Antonio area. As Chairman of the House Science, Space and Technology Committee, I am committed to ensuring that our nation’s youth have the scientific and mathematical skills to thrive in a technology-based economy. And I commend SST for its continued efforts to provide ad-vanced STEM education to K–12 students. In appreciation of all they have done, Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the 10th anniversary of SST. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE COMMER-CIAL UAS MODERNIZATION ACT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, the UAS industry is booming in Oregon and nationwide, but our laws and regulations are stifling inno-vation instead of encouraging it, forcing Amer-ican companies to look overseas to test new technology. We must not miss the opportunity to harness the benefits and utility of UAS tech-nology, which will bring advances in safety and efficiency in nearly every sector of the economy. Today, I am introducing the Commercial UAS Modernization Act, which creates an in-terim framework that will promote American in-novation in the rapidly growing field of un-manned aircraft systems (UAS) and will facili-tate the safe integration of UAS into the Na-tional Airspace System. While the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) is in the process of creating a regu-latory framework for commercial UAS oper-ation, the FAA’s existing approach to UAS in-tegration and regulation has been piecemeal at best. As a result, we are behind other coun-tries in developing a regulatory regime that en-courages growth of this burgeoning industry, and U.S. companies are being overtaken by competition in Canada, Europe, and Asia. This legislation offers a uniform and comprehensive approach that offers our drone industry a sen-sible path forward. The UAS industry expects to produce more than 100,000 U.S. jobs, with $82 billion in eco-nomic impact, within a decade after these reg-ulations are complete. The potential social and economic benefits of this technology go far beyond package delivery and capturing photos and video footage. Around the world, UAS are being used to inspect critical infrastructure and conduct land surveys, fight forest fires and support emergency and disaster response, transport medical samples and supplies, ana-lyze and manage crops, detect oil spills and predict volcanic eruptions, catch poachers, and deliver high-speed Internet to remote or underserved areas. Full integration of UAS into the national airspace could revolutionize the way entire sectors of our economy and governments function. The Commercial UAS Modernization Act provides a much-needed update to federal rules, making it clear that flying smartphones should not be regulated like Predator drones. f 
IRAN TERROR FINANCE TRANSPARENCY ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-position to H.R. 3662. The focus of the JCPOA is to achieve the long desired objective of preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. We must be vigi-lant in our verification and enforcement of that agreement. Iran’s breach of the UN Resolutions regard-ing ballistic missiles is serious, but it is a dis-tinct issue that requires its own targeted re-sponse. That is why President Obama was right to impose separate sanctions on Iran for its ballistic missile violations. As Mr. E
NGEL has indicated, this legislation is nothing but a blatantly partisan attempt to re-litigate the JCPOA. It was drafted without consulting a single Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, and passed out of Committee without a single Democratic vote. Let us focus together on holding Iran ac-countable for all its actions—with respect to JCPOA, its ballistic missile program, and its support for groups in the region that have en-gaged in terrorism. But it is a sad day when our Republican colleagues play political games with important national security and foreign policy matters. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02FE8.031 E02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE99 February 2, 2016 
ADDRESSING THE COSTS TO LOCAL AND STATE LAW EN-FORCEMENT OF THE OCCUPA-TION OF THE MALHEUR NA-TIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 2, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, for 32 days armed militants have occupied the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Harney County, Oregon. Acting on behalf of a mis-guided anti-public lands agenda and against the wishes of the local community, these ex-tremists have endangered lives, damaged property, and disrupted society. The armed takeover of a federal facility is simply not the way we do things in Oregon, and is not how things have been done at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge—a national treasure cherished by birders and other out-door recreation enthusiasts and a model of collaboration and partnership with the local community. The situation has been allowed to continue for far too long, and the costs of this dramatic and dangerous incident will be innumerable to the federal government, the Bums Paiute Tribe, the state, and the local community. One particular manifestation of this cost is the financial expense to state and local law enforcement, which has spent an estimated $100,000 per week responding to this incident. This is why, today, I am introducing a bill to help assuage some of the financial hardship borne by state and local taxpayers in pro-tecting the community during this challenging time. Because the incident involves a federal fa-cility, the federal government made decisions about the timing and manner of addressing this ordeal. Ultimately, those decisions have been very expensive for Oregon and the local community. My bill will allow the federal gov-ernment to ease this burden within 180 days by reimbursing reasonable costs associated with state and local law enforcement’s re-sponse to this incident. Under my bill, the fed-eral government will have the authority to pur-sue civil action seeking to recover those costs from the armed militia members to make sure taxpayers aren’t on the hook. Placing the burden of these costs on the militants is the right thing to do. It will send a strong signal that an armed takeover of a fed-eral facility is unacceptable and will result in consequences. In the meantime, however, these communities already face resource con-straints and an immediate federal reimburse-ment will help to address at least some of the hardships caused by this irresponsible and un-fortunate incident. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02FE8.037 E02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D85 Tuesday, February 2, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S453–S530. Measures Introduced: Seven bills and four resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2478–2484, and S. Res. 353–356.
                                                 Pages S486–87 
Measures Reported: H.R. 757, to improve the enforcement of sanc-tions against the Government of North Korea, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. H.R. 1493, to protect and preserve international cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1882, to support the sustainable recovery and rebuilding of Nepal following the recent, devastating earthquakes near Kathmandu, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2426, to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization. 
                                                                                              Page S486 
Measures Passed: West Lake Landfill: Committee on Environment and Public Works was discharged from further con-sideration of S. 2306, to require the Secretary of the Army, acting through the Chief of Engineers, to un-dertake remediation oversight of the West Lake Landfill located in Bridgeton, Missouri, and the bill was then passed.
                                                   Pages S529–30 
National Stalking Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 353, raising awareness and encour-aging the prevention of stalking by designating Jan-uary 2016, as ‘‘National Stalking Awareness Month’’. 
                                                                          Pages S488–89, S530 
Congratulating the University of Nebraska-Lin-coln National Collegiate Athletic Association Divi-sion I Volleyball Champions: Senate agreed to S. Res. 354, congratulating the University of Nebraska- Lincoln volleyball team for winning the 2015 Na-tional Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Volleyball Championship.
                          Pages S489, S530 National Tribal Colleges and Universities Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 355, designating the week beginning February 7, 2016, as ‘‘National Tribal Colleges and Universities Week’’. 
                                                                                Pages S489, S530 
National Mentoring Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 356, recognizing January 2016 as National Mentoring Month.
                                   Pages S489–90, S530 
Measures Considered: Energy Policy Modernization Act—Agreement: Senate continued consideration of S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and taking action on the fol-lowing amendments proposed thereto:
   Pages S460–484 
Adopted: Rounds Modified Amendment No. 3182 (to Amendment No. 2953), to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish a conservation incentives landowner education program. (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the require-ment of a 60 affirmative vote threshold, be vitiated.) 
                                                                                      Pages S471–72 
Durbin/Alexander Amendment No. 3095 (to Amendment No. 2953), to increase funding for the Office of Science of the Department of Energy. (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the requirement of a 60 affirmative vote thresh-old, be vitiated.)
                                                           Page S475 
Murkowski (for Hirono) Amendment No. 3064 (to Amendment No. 2953), to modify a provision relating to the energy workforce pilot grant pro-gram.
                                                                                  Page S482 
Murkowski (for Hirono) Modified Amendment No. 3065 (to Amendment No. 2953), to modify a provision relating to the energy workforce pilot grant program.
                                                      Pages S482–83 
Murkowski (for Klobuchar) Amendment No. 3179 (to Amendment No. 2953), to modify the areas of focus under the grid storage program. 
                                                                                Pages S482, S483 
Murkowski (for Carper/Inhofe) Amendment No. 3145 (to Amendment No. 2953), to provide that for purposes of the Federal purchase requirement, renew-able energy includes thermal energy.
   Pages S482, S483 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02FE6.REC D02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD86 February 2, 2016 
Murkowski (for Heitkamp) Amendment No. 3174 (to Amendment No. 2953), to affirm a Federal com-mitment to carbon capture utilization and storage research, development, and implementation and to study the costs and benefits of contracting authority for price stabilization.
                                  Pages S482, S483 
Murkowski (for Collins) Modified Amendment No. 3140 (to Amendment No. 2953), to require cer-tain Federal agencies to establish consistent policies relating to forest biomass energy to help address the energy needs of the United States. 
                                                                     Pages S482, S483, S484 
Murkowski (for Baldwin) Amendment No. 3156 (to Amendment No. 2953), to strike a repeal under a provision relating to manufacturing energy effi-ciency.
                                                                  Pages S482, S483 
Murkowski (for Carper/Inhofe) Amendment No. 3143 (to Amendment No. 2953), to reauthorize the diesel emissions reduction program.
     Pages S482, S483 
Murkowski (for Boxer/Feinstein) Modified Amend-ment No. 3194 (to Amendment No. 2953), to direct the Secretary of Energy to establish a task force to analyze and assess the Aliso Canyon natural gas leak. 
                                                                          Pages S482, S483–84 
Murkowski (for Inhofe/King) Amendment No. 3205 (to Amendment No. 2953), to provide for the use of geomatic data in consideration of applications for Federal authorization.
                           Pages S482, S484 
Murkowski (for Booker) Amendment No. 3160 (to Amendment No. 2953), to strike a provision re-lating to identifying and characterizing methane hy-drate resources using remote sensing and seismic data in the Atlantic Ocean Basin.
         Pages S482, S484 
Rejected: By 47 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. 10), Lee Amend-ment No. 3023 (to Amendment No. 2953), to mod-ify the authority of the President of the United States to declare national monuments. (Pursuant to the order of Monday, February 1, 2016, the amend-ment having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.)
                                              Pages S468–71 
By 43 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 11), Franken Amendment No. 3115 (to Amendment No. 2953), to establish a Federal energy efficiency resource standard for electricity and natural gas suppliers. (Pursuant to the order of Monday, February 1, 2016, the amendment having failed to achieve 60 affirma-tive votes, was not agreed to.)
                              Page S471 
By 52 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. 12), Barrasso Amendment No. 3030 (to Amendment No. 2953), to establish deadlines and expedite permits for cer-tain natural gas gathering lines on Federal land and Indian land. (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.) 
                                                                                      Pages S472–73 By 49 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. 13), Sullivan Amendment No. 2996 (to Amendment No. 2953), to require each agency to repeal or amend 1 or more rules before issuing or amending a rule. (A unani-mous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirma-tive votes, was not agreed to.)
                      Pages S473–74 
By 45 yeas to 50 nays (Vote No. 14), Schatz/ Whitehouse Amendment No. 3176 (to Amendment No. 2953), to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to phase out tax preferences for fossil fuels on the same schedule as the phase out of the tax credits for wind facilitates. (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.)
                                                                               Pages S474–75 
By 43 yeas to 52 nays (Vote. No 15), Whitehouse Amendment No. 3125 (to Amendment No. 2953), to require campaign finance disclosures for certain persons benefitting from fossil fuel activities. (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 af-firmative votes, was not agreed to.)
           Pages S475–77 
Pending: Murkowski Amendment No. 2953, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                              Page S460 
Murkowski (for Cassidy/Markey) Amendment No. 2954 (to Amendment No. 2953), to provide for cer-tain increases in, and limitations on, the drawdown and sales of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. 
                                                                                              Page S460 
Murkowski Amendment No. 2963 (to Amend-ment No. 2953), to modify a provision relating to bulk-power system reliability impact statements. 
                                                                                Pages S460, S482 
A motion was entered to close further debate on Murkowski Amendment No. 2953 (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur on Thursday, February 4, 2016. 
                                                                                              Page S530 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of Mur-kowski Amendment No. 2953.
                            Page S477 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10:30 a.m., on Wednesday, February 3, 2016; and that the filing deadline for all first-degree amendments to Murkowski Amendment No. 2953, and the bill, be at 1 p.m., on Wednesday, February 3, 2016.
                                                                            Page S530 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02FE6.REC D02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D87 February 2, 2016 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, the District of Co-lumbia’s fiscal year (FY) 2016 Budget and Financial Plan; which was referred to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. (PM–39)
                                                                           Page S486 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S486 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S486 
Measures Read the First Time:                        Page S486 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S487–88 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S488–90 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S485–86 
Amendments Submitted:                         Pages S490–S529 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S529 
Privileges of the Floor:                                          Page S529 
Record Votes: Six record votes were taken today. (Total—15)
                     Pages S471, S473, S474, S475, S477 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:38 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, February 3, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S530.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
GROUND COMBAT UNITS Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the implementation of the deci-sion to open all ground combat units to women, after receiving testimony from Raymond E. Mabus, Jr., Secretary of the Navy, Patrick J. Murphy, Under Secretary, and General Mark A. Milley, USA, Chief of Staff, both of the Army, and General Robert B. Neller, USMC, Commandant of the Marine Corps, all of the Department of Defense. RUSSIA, THE EUROPEAN UNION, AND AMERICAN FOREIGN POLICY Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a closed briefing on Russia, the European Union, and American foreign policy from Victoria Nuland, As-sistant Secretary of State, Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs. FRONTLINE RESPONSE TO TERRORISM IN AMERICA Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine frontline response to terrorism in America, after re-ceiving testimony from Mark Ghilarducci, California Governor’s Office of Emergency Services Director and Governor’s Homeland Security Advisor, Mather; Chief Wallace L. Sparks, Everest Metropolitan Police Department, Weston, Wisconsin; Commissioner William J. Bratton, New York City Police Depart-ment, New York, New York; Rhoda Mae Kerr, International Association of Fire Chiefs, Austin, Texas; and Edward F. Davis, III, Edward Davis, LLC, Boston, Massachusetts. EB–5 REGIONAL CENTER PROGRAM Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the future of the EB–5 regional center program, including S. 1501, to promote and reform foreign capital investment and job creation in American communities, after receiving testimony from Nicholas Colucci, Chief, Office of Immigrant Investor Program, Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security; and Ste-phen L. Cohen, Associate Director, Division of En-forcement, Securities and Exchange Commission. OCCUPATIONAL LICENSING AND THE STATE ACTION DOCTRINE Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Anti-trust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights con-cluded a hearing to examine occupational licensing and the state action doctrine, after receiving testi-mony from Jason Furman, Chairman, Council of Economic Advisers; Maureen K. Ohlhausen, Com-missioner, Federal Trade Commission; Misha Tseytlin, Wisconsin Solicitor General, Madison; Morris Kleiner, University of Minnesota Humphrey School of Public Affairs, Minneapolis; Robert Everett Johnson, Institute for Justice, Washington, D.C.; and Bill Main, Segs in the City, Baltimore, Mary-land. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02FE6.REC D02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD88 February 2, 2016 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 16 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4425–4440; and 6 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 110–111; and H. Res. 596–599, were in-troduced.
                                                                  Pages H495–96 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H496–97 
Reports Filed: 
Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 3293, to provide for greater accountability in Federal funding for scientific research, to promote the progress of science in the United States that serves that national interest (H. Rept. 114–412); H.R. 2017, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve and clarify certain disclo-sure requirements for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring proceedings under section 403A, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–413); and H. Res. 595, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1675) to direct the Securities and Ex-change Commission to revise its rules so as to in-crease the threshold amount for requiring issuers to provide certain disclosures relating to compensatory benefit plans, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 766) to provide requirements for the ap-propriate Federal banking agencies when requesting or ordering a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account, to provide for additional requirements related to subpoenas issued under the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and En-forcement Act of 1989, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–414).
                                                           Page H495 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:04 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                                Page H435 
Housing Opportunity Through Modernization Act: The House passed H.R. 3700, to provide hous-ing opportunities in the United States through mod-ernization of various housing programs, by a yea- and-nay vote of 427 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 52.
                                                          Pages H451–82 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–42 shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Financial Services now printed in the bill. 
                                                                                      Pages H459–65 
Agreed to: Buchanan amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 114–411) that promotes efficient and accurate ad-ministration of income reviews and the collection of asset information when determining eligibility for rental assistance, consistent with other means-tested programs;                                                                 Pages H465–67 
Maxine Waters (CA) amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 114–411) that removes harmful lan-guage that would limit the amount that families re-ceiving certain federal housing assistance can deduct from their income for childcare expenses; 
                                                                                      Pages H467–68 
Sewell (AL) amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 114–411) that requires the Secretary of HUD to conduct a study to determine the impacts of the decreased deductions on rents paid by elderly and disabled individuals and families assisted under the Section 8 rental assistance and housing programs; 
                                                                                              Page H468 
Hinojosa amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 114–411) that allows the USDA to assess a nominal fee (maximum of $50) per loan under the Section 502 single family guaranteed home loan program in order to fund needed technological improvements and investments into the guaranteed underwriting system;
                                                                      Pages H468–69 
Meng amendment (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 114–411) that requires HUD to publish model guidelines for minimum heating requirements for units operated by public housing agencies receiving federal assistance;
                                                 Pages H469–70 
Welch amendment (No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 114–411) that allows the property taxes paid on mo-bile homes, insurance payments, utilities and financ-ing to be included as components of the housing costs eligible for Section 8 payments;
       Pages H471–72 
Peters amendment (No. 9 printed in H. Rept. 114–411) that inserts a provision for collaborating with the Department of Veterans Affairs and the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development on how to better coordinate and improve veterans hous-ing services;
                                                            Pages H472–73 
Peters amendment (No. 10 printed in H. Rept. 114–411) that directs the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to reopen the period for public comment for the ‘‘Homeless Emergency Assistance and Rapid Transition to Housing: Continuum of Care Program’’ to allow stakeholders the opportunity to provide input on how HUD’s resources can be most equitably used to end homelessness in our country;
                                                                            Page H473 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 13 printed in H. Rept. 114–411), as modified, that directs the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development to work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02FE6.REC D02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D89 February 2, 2016 
with the Secretary of Labor to produce an annual re-port on interagency strategies to strengthen family economic empowerment by linking housing with es-sential supportive services such as employment coun-seling and training, financial growth, childcare, transportation, meals, youth recreational activities and other supportive services; prioritizes U.S. citizens and nationals over migrants from the Republic of the Marshall Islands, Republic of Palau, and the Federated States of Micronesia when receiving federal housing assistance in Guam;
                          Pages H475–78 
Price (NC) amendment (No. 14 printed in H. Rept. 114–411) that updates and modernizes HUD’s funding formula for the Housing Opportunities for Persons With AIDS (HOPWA) program so that funding is distributed to jurisdictions based on liv-ing cases of HIV/AIDS; and
                          Pages H478–79 
Palazzo amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 114–411) that makes permanent the exception to public housing agency resident board member re-quirement (by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 178 noes, Roll No. 50).
                           Pages H470–71, H479–80 
Rejected: Ellison amendment (No. 11 printed in H. Rept. 114–411) that sought to provide affirmative permis-sion for housing providers who administer U.S. De-partment of Housing and Urban Development funds to report on-time rental payment data for their ten-ants to credit reporting agencies without requiring and managing individual written consent agree-ments; direct HUD to retain tenant privacy so the furnished information would not specifically note that tenants receive HUD assistance; and 
                                                                                      Pages H473–74 
Al Green (TX) amendment (No. 12 printed in H. Rept. 114–411) that sought to reauthorize the FHA pilot program to establish an automated process for providing additional credit rating information to help determine creditworthiness for families with in-sufficient credit histories (by a recorded vote of 181 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 51). 
                                                                    Pages H474–75, H480–81 
H. Res. 594, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3700) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 242 ayes to 177 noes, Roll No. 49, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 236 yeas to 178 nays, Roll No. 48. 
                                                                  Pages H439–441, H450–51 
Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-onciliation Act—Presidential Veto: The House voted to sustain the President’s veto of H.R. 3762, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, by a yea-and-nay vote of 241 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 53 (two-thirds of those present not voting to override).
                           Page H482 Subsequently, the veto message (H. Doc. 114–91) and the bill were referred to the Committee on the Budget.
                                                                   Pages H441–450 
Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act: The House passed H.R. 3662, to enhance congressional oversight over the administration of sanctions against certain Iranian terrorism financiers, by a yea-and-nay vote of 246 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 54. Consider-ation began on Wednesday, January 13th. 
                                                                                      Pages H482–83 
H. Res. 583, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1644), the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 22), and the bill (H.R. 3662), was agreed to on Tuesday, January 12th. Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he transmitted the District of Co-lumbia’s fiscal year 2016 Budget and Financial Plan—referred to the Committee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–96). 
                                                                                              Page H483 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and three recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H450, H451, H480, H480–81, H481–82, H482, and H482–83. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:44 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a busi-ness meeting to consider the Budget Views and Esti-mates Letter of the Committee on Agriculture for the agencies and programs under the jurisdiction of the Committee for fiscal year 2017. The committee’s Budget Views and Estimates Letter was approved. OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES IN DIRECT MARKETING—A VIEW FROM THE FIELD Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Bio-technology, Horticulture and Research held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Opportunities and Challenges in Direct Marketing—A View from the Field’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. AFGHANISTAN IN 2016: THE EVOLVING SECURITY SITUATION AND U.S. POLICY, STRATEGY, AND POSTURE Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Afghanistan in 2016: The Evolving Security Situation and U.S. Policy, Strategy, and Posture’’. Testimony was heard from General John 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02FE6.REC D02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD90 February 2, 2016 
Campbell, Commander, Operation Resolute Support, U.S. Forces-Afghanistan. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 4293, the ‘‘Afford-able Retirement Advice Protection Act’’; and H.R. 4294, the ‘‘Strengthening Access to Valuable Edu-cation and Retirement Support Act of 2015’’. H.R. 4293 and H.R. 4294 were ordered reported, as amended. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘Legisla-tive Hearing on Eight Energy Infrastructure Bills’’. Testimony was heard from Ann F. Miles, Director, Office of Energy Projects, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission; Max Minzner, General Counsel, Office of the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission; Bill Bottiggi, General Manager, Brain-tree Light and Electric Department; and public wit-nesses. STATUS OF THE PUBLIC SAFETY BROADBAND NETWORK Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Status of the Public Safety Broadband Net-work’’. Testimony was heard from David Furth, Deputy Chief Public Safety and Homeland Security Bureau, Federal Communications Commission; and TJ Kennedy, President, First Responder Network Authority. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee began a business meeting on the Committee’s views and es-timates on the budget. UNSUSTAINABLE FEDERAL SPENDING AND THE DEBT LIMIT Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Unsustainable Federal Spending and the Debt Limit’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives McClintock and Pocan and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 4408, the ‘‘National Strategy to Combat Terrorist Travel Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4407, the ‘‘Counterterrorism Advisory Board Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4403, the ‘‘Enhancing Overseas Traveler Vet-ting Act’’; H.R. 4402, the ‘‘Foreign Fighter Review Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4401, the ‘‘Amplifying Local Ef-forts to Root out Terror Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4404, the ‘‘Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4383, the ‘‘DHS Human Traf-ficking Prevention Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 4398, the ‘‘DHS Acquisition Documentation Integrity Act of 2016’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 4403, H.R. 4383, H.R. 4402, and H.R. 4404. The following bills were ordered re-ported, without amendment: H.R. 4408, H.R. 4407, H.R. 4401, and H.R. 4398. FISA AMENDMENTS ACT Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘FISA Amendments Act’’. This hearing was closed. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet held a hearing on H.R. 1057, the ‘‘Promoting Automotive Repair, Trade, and Sales Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing on H.R. 3070, the ‘‘EEZ Clarification Act’’; and H.R. 4245, to exempt importation and exportation of sea urchins and sea cucumbers from licensing requirements under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. Testi-mony was heard from Representatives Zeldin; Pin-gree of Maine; and Poliquin; and Joe Leask, Diver and Chairman, Sea Urchin Zone Council, Maine De-partment of Marine Resources; William Woody, Chief, Office of Law Enforcement, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service; Daniel Morris, Deputy Regional Administrator, Greater Atlantic Region, National Marine Fisheries Service; and public witnesses. THE NEED FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A PUERTO RICO FINANCIAL STABILITY AND ECONOMIC GROWTH AUTHORITY Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-dian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Need for the Establishment of a Puerto Rico Financial Stability and Economic Growth Authority’’. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 482, the ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds Na-tional Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2015’’; H.R. 812, the ‘‘Indian Trust Asset Manage-ment Demonstration Project Act of 2015’’; H.R. 890, to correct the boundaries of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System Unit P16; H.R. 894, to extend the authorization of the Highlands 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02FE6.REC D02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D91 February 2, 2016 
Conservation Act; H.R. 1296, to amend the San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act to clarify certain settlement terms, and for other purposes; H.R. 1475, the ‘‘Korean War Veterans Memorial Wall of Remembrance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1815, the ‘‘Eastern Nevada Land Implementation Improve-ment Act’’; H.R. 2273, to amend the Colorado River Storage Project Act to authorize the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir; H.R. 2538, the ‘‘Lytton Rancheria Homelands Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2857, to facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville National Historical Park, and for other purposes; H.R. 2880, the ‘‘Mar-tin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3004, to amend the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission; H.R. 3036, the ‘‘National 9/11 Memo-rial at the World Trade Center Act’’; H.R. 3079, to take certain Federal land located in Tuolumne Coun-ty, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians, and for other purposes; H.R. 3371, the ‘‘Kennesaw Mountain Na-tional Battlefield Park Boundary Adjustment Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3342, to provide for stability of title to certain lands in the State of Louisiana, and for other purposes; H.R. 3620, to amend the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serving resi-dents of municipalities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, and for other purposes; and H.R. 4119, to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands National Sea-shore, Jackson County, Mississippi, between the Na-tional Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other purposes. U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION: INVESTIGATION OF THE CIO Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Depart-ment of Education: Investigation of the CIO’’. Testi-mony was heard from the following Department of Education officials: Danny A. Harris, Chief Informa-tion Officer; Sandra Bruce, Deputy Inspector Gen-eral; Susan Winchell, Assistant General Counsel for Ethics; and John B. King Jr., Acting Secretary. SEEKING JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF PALESTINIAN TERRORISM IN ISRAEL Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on National Security held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Seeking Justice for Victims of Palestinian Ter-rorism in Israel’’. Testimony was heard from Brad Wiegmann, Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Na-tional Security Division, Department of Justice; and public witnesses. FINANCIAL INSTITUTION CUSTOMER PROTECTION ACT OF 2015; ENCOURAGING EMPLOYEE OWNERSHIP ACT OF 2015 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 766, the ‘‘Financial Institution Customer Pro-tection Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1675, ‘‘Encouraging Employee Ownership Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 9–4, a structured rule for H.R. 1675. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute con-sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–43 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part A of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part A of the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. The rule also grants a structured rule for H.R. 766. The rule pro-vides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–41 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those fur-ther amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02FE6.REC D02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD92 February 2, 2016 
rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in part B of the report. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Hensarling and Representatives Ellison and Perl-mutter. PARIS CLIMATE PROMISE: A BAD DEAL FOR AMERICA Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Paris Climate Prom-ise: A Bad Deal for America’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. SBA MANAGEMENT REVIEW: OVERSIGHT OF SBA’S ENTREPRENEURIAL DEVELOPMENT OFFICES Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Growth, Tax and Capital Access held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘SBA Management Review: Oversight of SBA’s Entrepreneurial Development Offices’’. Tes-timony was heard from Tameka Montgomery, Asso-ciate Administrator, Office of Entrepreneurial Devel-opment, Small Business Administration; and Barb Carson, Associate Administrator, Office of Veterans Business Development, Small Business Administra-tion. CHOICE CONSOLIDATION: EVALUATING ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS FOR CARE IN THE COMMUNITY Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Choice Consolida-tion: Evaluating Eligibility Requirements for Care in the Community’’. Testimony was heard from Baligh Yehia, M.D., Assistant Deputy Undersecretary for Health for Community Care, Veterans Health Ad-ministration, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. REACHING AMERICA’S POTENTIAL: DELIVERING GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY FOR ALL AMERICANS Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Reaching America’s Potential: Delivering Growth and Opportunity for All Ameri-cans’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 2016 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine an independent perspective of United States defense pol-icy in the Asia-Pacific region, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, to hold closed hearings to examine counterterrorism strat-egy, focusing on understanding ISIL, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine spending on unauthorized programs, 10 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine the Stream Protection Rule, focusing on impacts on the environment and implications for Endan-gered Species Act and Clean Water Act implementation, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine strains on the European Union, focusing on implica-tions for American foreign policy, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine Canada’s fast-track refugee plan, focusing on implications for United States national security, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider S. 1125, to authorize and implement the water rights compact among the Blackfeet Tribe of the Black-feet Indian Reservation, the State of Montana, and the United States, and S. 1983, to authorize the Pechanga Band of Luiseno Mission Indians Water Rights Settle-ment; to be immediately followed by an oversight hear-ing to examine the substandard quality of Indian health care in the Great Plains, 2:15 p.m., SH–216. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the need for transparency in the asbestos trusts, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Nutrition, hearing to review incentive programs aimed at increasing low-income families’ purchasing power for fruits and vegetables, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, oversight hearing on Assistance to Combat Wildlife Trafficking, 10:30 a.m., H–140 Capitol. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Acquisition Reform: Starting Programs Well’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘Military Treatment Facilities’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Outside Views on Biodefense for the Department of Defense’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 10 a.m., 210 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02FE6.REC D02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D93 February 2, 2016 Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Expanding Educational Oppor-tunity Through School Choice’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘H.R. 3797, the Satis-fying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment Act (SENSE) Act and H.R.lll, the Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns (BRICK) Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, business meeting on Committee’s views and estimates on the budget (continued), 9 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, hearing entitled ‘‘Trading with the Enemy: Trade-Based Money Laundering is the Growth Industry in Terror Finance’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘Turkey: Political Trends in 2016’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Crisis of Confidence: Preventing Terrorist Infil-tration through U.S. Refugee and Visa Programs’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3624, the ‘‘Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act’’; and a resolution establishing the House Committee on the Ju-diciary Executive Overreach Task Force; and Budget Views and Estimates for FY 2017, 10:15 a.m., 2141 Ray-burn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 482, the ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2015’’; H.R. 812, the ‘‘Indian Trust Asset Management Demonstration Project Act of 2015’’; H.R. 890, to correct the boundaries of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System Unit P16; H.R. 894, to extend the authorization of the High-lands Conservation Act; H.R. 1296, to amend the San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act to clarify certain settlement terms, and for other purposes; H.R. 1475, the ‘‘Korean War Veterans Memorial Wall of Re-membrance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1815, the ‘‘Eastern Ne-vada Land Implementation Improvement Act’’; H.R. 2273, to amend the Colorado River Storage Project Act to authorize the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir; H.R. 2538, the ‘‘Lytton Rancheria Homelands Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2857, to facilitate the ad-dition of park administration at the Coltsville National Historical Park, and for other purposes; H.R. 2880, the ‘‘Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3004, to amend the Gullah/Geechee Cul-tural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission; H.R. 3036, the ‘‘National 9/11 Memorial at the World Trade Center Act’’; H.R. 3079, to take certain Federal land located in Tuolumne County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indi-ans, and for other purposes; H.R. 3371, the ‘‘Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park Boundary Adjust-ment Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3342, to provide for stability of title to certain lands in the State of Louisiana, and for other purposes; H.R. 3620, to amend the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serving residents of municipalities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap Na-tional Recreation Area, and for other purposes; and H.R. 4119, to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore, Jackson County, Mis-sissippi, between the National Park Service and the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars, and for other purposes (contin-ued), 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Federal Administra-tion of the Safe Drinking Water Act in Flint, Michigan’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Transportation and Public Assets, hearing entitled ‘‘Securing Our Skies: Oversight of Avia-tion Credentials’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘Charting a Course: Expert Perspectives on NASA’s Human Exploration Proposals’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Con-tracting and the Workforce, hearing entitled ‘‘SBA Man-agement Review: Office of Government Contracts and Business Development’’, 3 p.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘The Status of Coast Guard Cutter Ac-quisition Programs’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Lost Opportunities for Veterans: An Examina-tion of VA’s Technology Transfer Program’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, markup on Views and Estimates on the Fiscal Year 2017 Federal Budget; and H.R. 4294, ‘‘SAVERS Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02FE6.REC D02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD94 February 2, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, February 3 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of S. 2012, Energy Policy Modernization Act. The filing deadline for first-degree amendments to Murkowski Amendment No. 2953 and the bill is at 1 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, February 3 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 1675—Encouraging Employee Ownership Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E90 Black, Diane, Tenn., E95 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E98, E99 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E95 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E89 Chaffetz, Jason, Utah, E90 Clarke, Yvette D., N.Y., E95 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E94 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E92, E93 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E93 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E97 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E91 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E95 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E92 Flores, Bill, Tex., E96 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E91, E94 Garamendi, John, Calif., E89, E92 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E89 Guthrie, Brett, Ky., E90 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E91 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E92 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E94, E95, E96, E97 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E90 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E97 King, Steve, Iowa, E96 Kline, John, Minn., E96 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E95 Murphy, Patrick, Fla., E96 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E98 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E90 Poe, Ted, Tex., E92 Pompeo, Mike, Kans., E94 Reichert, David G., Wash., E97 Rice, Tom, S.C., E96 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E91, E91 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E89 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E94, E95 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E97 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E98 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E91, E94 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E98 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E89 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E93, E98 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E92 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Feb 03, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D02FE6.REC D02FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST