Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1769 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, APRIL 18, 2016 No. 59 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, April 18, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
OBROOKS  to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair would now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 2 o’clock p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Lord God of mercy, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Our Nation is singular and powerful by the very fact that Congress begins its workday with prayer, setting an ex-ample for all students and workers of this great land. It has done so from the very beginnings of Congress itself. By seeking Your presence and wis-dom in moments of prayer each day, we humbly lay before You our limitations and our hopes. We display our openness to Your creative light to guide us in the decisions that must be made to stay the course of government of Your free people. Hear the prayers of this people’s House, and call each Member to moral integrity and charitable, bipartisan po-litical effort, that the course of govern-ment might roll forward toward ad-vancements of the common good of our Nation. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
HIGH TAXES DESTROY JOBS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, today marks tax day, a day when Americans must file their taxes. The broken Tax Code is nearly 75,000 pages and has excessive regulations, destroys jobs, and lacks certainty. The tax bill is too high for hardworking American families. This year Ameri-cans will collectively spend more on taxes than basic necessities like food, clothing, and housing combined. New ObamaCare taxes destroy jobs. We must make the Tax Code fair and simple to allow hardworking American families and small businesses to keep more of their hard-earned tax dollars. That is why I am grateful to be an original cosponsor of H.R. 27, Tax Code Termination Act, which would retire the old, burdensome Tax Code and re-place it with a system that provides tax relief for working Americans, pro-tects the rights of taxpayers, elimi-nates bias against saving, and creates jobs. I will continue to work in Congress toward a commonsense solution that creates a fair and simple Tax Code for American families. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
PARDON RAIF BADAWI (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I stand today on behalf of Saudi Arabian blogger Raif Badawi. In 2014, Saudi Arabian authorities sentenced Raif to 10 years in prison and 1,000 lashes for his liberal writings and support for secularism. Today is Raif’s 1,425th day in prison. He has been pub-licly flogged 50 times, and his wife and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.000 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1770 April 18, 2016 
children, fearful for their safety, have had to abandon their country for Can-ada. But Raif is not a criminal. He is a champion of freedom of thought and expression in a kingdom whose rulers fear both. This week President Obama will travel to Saudi Arabia to meet with leaders of the Gulf Cooperation Coun-cil. When the President sees King Salman, he should urge him to pardon Raif and allow him to join his wife and three children in Canada. I seek the full support of Congress and the Obama administration in urg-ing the Saudi Arabian Government to free Raif and all other prisoners of con-science like him, as befits any govern-ment with a seat on the U.N. Human Rights Council. 
f 
CONGRATULATING STATE COL-LEGE HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER MELANIE LYNCH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late State College High School health education teacher Melanie Lynch, who was recently named one of six winners of the National Health Education Teacher of the Year Award by the Soci-ety of Health and Physical Educators. Specifically, Melanie was recognized for designing and putting in place les-son plans which educate, motivate, and inspire high school students and their communities to take personal responsi-bility for improving their health hab-its. Melanie’s classes involve not only the academic knowledge of which nu-trients are best for their diets, but also about topics such as peer pressure, bul-lying, eating disorders, and how to eat right once they graduate high school. Lynch is assisted in those efforts by the textbook she co-wrote entitled ‘‘Comprehensive Health.’’ Physical and health education is key to students across the Nation receiving a well-rounded school experience. I ap-preciate the efforts of teachers such as Melanie Lynch in bringing real-world lessons into the classroom. 
f 
HONORING SILVER STAR HERO FIRST LIEUTENANT ELMER JEBO (Ms. STEFANIK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor an extraordinary hero from Tupper Lake in my district. First Lieutenant Elmer Jebo was drafted into the Army in 1940 where he would participate in military cam-paigns across Italy. On February 21, 1944, during the Anzio invasion, his position was at-tacked by six enemy tanks. For his bravery under siege and his courageous conduct to repel these attacks, he was awarded the Silver Star and the Purple Heart by the U.S. Army. Unfortunately, because of significant wounds sustained in combat, Lieuten-ant Jebo spent many months recov-ering at Walter Reed Medical Center and never received his medal. He has since passed. After his family reached out to our office, I am honored that we were able to play a small part in preserving the legacy of this north country hero. This Thursday my office will host his family at a ceremony in Washington to present them with Lieutenant Jebo’s much-deserved Silver Star. Today I am honored to recognize Lieutenant Jebo’s heroic service on the House floor. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 639, the Chair announces that an amicus brief was filed on April 4, 2016, in the United States Supreme Court in the matter of United States v. Texas. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:00 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 7 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1600 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ) at 4 o’clock p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY HEADQUARTERS CON-SOLIDATION ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1638) to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit to Congress information on the Department of Homeland Security headquarters consolidation project in the National Capital Region, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 1638 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Headquarters Consoli-dation Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. INFORMATION ON DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY HEAD-QUARTERS CONSOLIDATION PROJECT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Adminis-trator, shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress information on the im-plementation of the enhanced plan for the Department headquarters consolidation project within the National Capital Region, approved by the Office of Management and Budget and included in the budget of the President for fiscal year 2016 (as submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code), that includes the fol-lowing: (1) A proposed occupancy plan for the con-solidation project that includes specific in-formation about which Department-wide op-erations, component operations, and support offices will be located at the site, the aggre-gate number of full time equivalent employ-ees projected to occupy the site, the seat-to- staff ratio at the site, and schedule esti-mates for migrating operations to the site. (2) A comprehensive assessment of the dif-ference between the current real property and facilities needed by the Department in the National Capital Region in order to carry out the mission of the Department and the future needs of the Department. (3) A current plan for construction of the headquarters consolidation at the St. Eliza-beths campus that includes— (A) the estimated costs and schedule for the current plan, which shall conform to rel-evant Federal guidance for cost and schedule estimates, consistent with the recommenda-tion of the Government Accountability Of-fice in the September 2014 report entitled ‘‘Federal Real Property: DHS and GSA Need to Strengthen the Management of DHS Headquarters Consolidation’’ (GAO–14–648); and (B) any estimated cost savings associated with reducing the scope of the consolidation project and increasing the use of existing ca-pacity developed under the project. (4) A current plan for the leased portfolio of the Department in the National Capital Region that includes— (A) an end-state vision that identifies which Department-wide operations, compo-nent operations, and support offices do not migrate to the St. Elizabeths campus and continue to operate at a property in the leased portfolio; (B) for each year until the consolidation project is completed, the number of full-time equivalent employees who are expected to operate at each property, component, or of-fice; (C) the anticipated total rentable square feet leased per year during the period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the date on which the consoli-dation project is completed; and (D) timing and anticipated lease terms for leased space under the plan referred to in paragraph (3). (5) An analysis that identifies the costs and benefits of leasing and construction al-ternatives for the remainder of the consoli-dation project that includes— (A) a comparison of the long-term cost that would result from leasing as compared 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.004 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1771 April 18, 2016 
to consolidating functions on Government- owned space; and (B) the identification of any cost impacts in terms of premiums for short-term lease extensions or holdovers due to the uncer-tainty of funding for, or delays in, com-pleting construction required for the consoli-dation. (b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .— (1) R
EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall review the cost and schedule estimates submitted under subsection (a) to evaluate the quality and re-liability of the estimates. (2) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the submittal of the cost and schedule estimates under subsection (a), the Comp-troller General shall report to the appro-priate committees of Congress on the results of the review required under paragraph (1). (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this Act: (1) The term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of General Services. (2) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means the Committee on Home-land Security and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate. (3) The term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security. (4) The term ‘‘National Capital Region’’ has the meaning given the term under sec-tion 2674(f)(2) of title 10, United States Code. (5) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ) and the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from South Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 1638. Mr. Speaker, since construction began in 2006, the Department of Home-land Security’s consolidated head-quarters on St. Elizabeth’s historic Washington, D.C. campus has been rid-dled with cost overruns and construc-tion delays, at times estimated to be more than $1 billion over budget and 12 years behind schedule. As the former chairman of the Sub-committee on Oversight and Manage-ment Efficiency, I conducted rigorous oversight of the project, including holding a hearing in September 2014. Having visited the site, I saw firsthand the immense challenges that lie ahead. While we are encouraged by the re-cently updated DHS St. Elizabeth’s plan, we still believe that increased oversight of the consolidation project will help ensure accountability and the efficient use of taxpayer dollars, espe-cially considering this project was fully funded through the fiscal year 2016 appropriations, and DHS alone has requested $225 million for fiscal year 2017. This bill that we are talking about today, the Department of Homeland Security Headquarters Consolidation Accountability Act, a companion to H.R. 1640, which was passed by the House unanimously in June of last year and of which I was a cosponsor, will require the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the ad-ministrator of General Services, to submit a report on the implementation of the updated plan for the head-quarters consolidation, including esti-mated costs and occupancy plans of the project. With a project of this mag-nitude, improved oversight and in-creased transparency is paramount. Mr. Speaker, Thomas Jefferson once said that an educated citizenry is ‘‘the only sure reliance for the preservation of our liberty.’’ Our constituents ex-pect their representatives to hold gov-ernment accountable. S. 1638 does just that. I wish to thank Senators JOHNSON  and C
ARPER for their hard work passing this bill through the Senate. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this important bipartisan legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of S. 1638, the De-partment of Homeland Security Head-quarters Consolidation Accountability Act of 2015. Mr. Speaker, since the 2006 decision to establish the Department of Home-land Security’s headquarters at the former site of St. Elizabeth’s Hospital in Washington, the project has experi-enced significant shortfalls in cost and schedule performance. The Government Accountability Of-fice reported that between the start of construction at St. Elizabeth’s in fiscal year 2009 through the fiscal year 2014 appropriation, the project received $1.6 billion less than the funding amend-ments requested over this period. The impact of this funding gap is far-reach-ing. In fact, GAO has found this gap re-sulted in cost escalations exceeding $1 billion and schedule delays exceeding 10 years for the project. Mr. Speaker, the Senate bill we con-sider today is the companion to H.R. 1640, a bill that the House approved by voice vote last June. S. 1638 directs DHS and GSA to pro-vide information to Congress within 120 days of enactment of this bill to estab-lish that the data has been collected and analyzed to support the current di-rection for this high-profile invest-ment. In addition, Mr. Speaker, S. 1638 specifies that the information provided to Congress by DHS and GSA include updated cost and schedule estimates for the project. Finally, Mr. Speaker, S. 1638 directs GAO to report to Congress on the qual-ity and reliability of these estimates, not later than 90 days after they have been submitted to Congress. Mr. Speaker, DHS headquarters oper-ations currently are dispersed around the national capital region, in facili-ties that, in many cases, are inad-equate—as is the case with the Ne-braska Avenue Complex. To support the government’s effec-tive stewardship of public resources and to deliver a headquarters that DHS desperately needs, I would urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. S. 1638 is virtually identical to the House-passed legislation that my sub-committee advanced last year. The bill’s provisions acknowledge the need for GSA to be engaged at a high level, as the construction manager for the Department’s headquarters consoli-dation project, and to help DHS de-velop realistic and achievable out-comes. I would be remiss if I did not ac-knowledge that up to 69 percent of the Department’s commercial leases in the national capital region are slated to expire between fiscal years 2016 and 2020. As such, the Department will be forced to engage in the expensive proc-ess of recompeting and possibly relo-cating its operation and personnel. It would behoove the Department and the GSA to move more of DHS’ head-quarters activities to St. Elizabeth’s as soon as possible and, thus, avoid the costs associated with executing addi-tional leasing in the expensive D.C. market. Mr. Speaker, I do again urge the adoption of S. 1638. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I, once again, urge my colleagues to support S. 1638. I thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey for her words of support. This is the right thing to do—being good stew-ards of taxpayer dollars and fulfilling our oversight role. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, I rise in strong support of S. 1638, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Head-quarters Consolidation Accountability Act.’’ I support this bipartisan legislation because it would move DHS forward in accomplishing the important objective of establishing a home for the Department’s many components and agencies. Eleven days after the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, Pennsylvania Governor Tom Ridge was appointed as the first Director of the Office of Homeland Security in the White House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.003 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1772 April 18, 2016 
In November 2002, I was proud to join my colleagues in voting to create a Department of Homeland Security. On March 1, 2003, the Department of Homeland Security official became a Cabinet- level department charged with the responsi-bility of unifying national homeland security ef-forts. The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) was created through the integration of all or part of 22 different Federal departments and agencies into a unified, integrated Depart-ment. S. 1638, directs the Department of Home-land Security (DHS), in coordination with the General Services Administration (GSA), to submit information on the implementation of the enhanced plan for the DHS headquarters consolidation project within the National Cap-ital Region, approved by the Office of Man-agement and Budget and included in the budget of the President for FY2016, that in-cludes: a proposed occupancy plan with specific in-formation about which DHS-wide operations, component operations, and support offices will be located at the site, the aggregate number of full time equivalent employees projected to occupy the site, the seat-to-staff ratio at the site, and schedule estimates for migrating op-erations to the site; a comprehensive assessment of the dif-ference between the current real property and facilities needed by DHS in the Region to carry out its mission and its future needs; an analysis of the difference between the current and needed capital assets and facili-ties of DHS; a current plan for construction of the head-quarters consolidation at the St. Elizabeths campus that includes the estimated costs and schedule for the current plan and any esti-mated cost savings associated with reducing the scope of the project and increasing the use of existing capacity developed under the project; An important goal of S. 1638, is an evalua-tion of the current plan to determine the leased portfolio of DHS throughout the Region that includes an end-state vision that identifies which DHS-wide operations, component oper-ations, and support offices do not migrate to the St. Elizabeths campus and continue to op-erate at a property in the leased portfolio. The bill will result in real numbers regarding the total compliment of full-time equivalent em-ployees who are expected to operate at each property, component, or office for each year until the consolidation project is completed. S. 1638, identifies the costs and benefits of leasing and construction alternatives for the remainder of the consolidation project, includ-ing a comparison of the long-term cost that would result from leasing to the cost of con-solidating functions on government-owned space and the identification of any cost im-pacts in terms of premiums for short-term lease extensions or holdovers due to the un-certainty of funding for, or delays in, com-pleting construction required for the consolida-tion. Mr. Speaker, since DHS initiated its head-quarters consolidation in 2006, it has pro-gressed despite changes in senior leadership and waning funding support from Congress. As a result, in April 2015, DHS and GSA announced that the construction sequence and timetable for the headquarters consolida-tion would be adjusted to reflect reduced fund-ing by Congress. DHS must now re-compete up to 69 percent of its commercial leases in the National Cap-ital Region as they are scheduled to expire between 2016 and 2020. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in strong support of the suspension bill, S. 1638, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Head-quarters Consolidation Accountability Act.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1638. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SIDNEY OSLIN SMITH, JR. FED-ERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4618) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 121 Spring Street SE in Gainesville, Georgia, as the ‘‘Sid-ney Oslin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4618 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SIDNEY OSLIN SMITH, JR. FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Federal building and United States courthouse located at 121 Spring Street SE in Gainesville, Georgia, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sid-ney Oslin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building and United States courthouse re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Sidney Oslin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) and the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4618. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4618 would des-ignate the Federal building and United States Courthouse located at 121 Spring Street SE in Gainesville, Geor-gia, as the Sidney Oslin Smith, Jr. Fed-eral Building and United States Court-house. Following his service in the United States Army during World War II, Judge Smith received his law degree and went into the private practice of law. In 1965, he was appointed to the Federal bench as a judge for the U.S. District Court for the Northern Dis-trict of Georgia by President Johnson, and he served until his retirement in 1974. Given his commitment and dedica-tion to our Nation and the law, I think it is fitting to recognize his service by naming this courthouse after him. I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) for his leader-ship on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I also support H.R. 4618, which des-ignates the United States Courthouse in Gainesville, Georgia, as the Sidney Oslin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Courthouse. Judge Smith served as a Federal dis-trict court judge in the Northern Dis-trict of Georgia and was a World War II veteran. Judge Smith graduated from Harvard University and the University of Georgia Law School. After grad-uating from law school, Judge Smith went into private practice, as was noted, and he practiced until 1962, and was later elected as a superior court judge in Georgia. In 1965, Mr. Speaker, Judge Smith was appointed as a district court judge and was later elevated to chief judge. Judge Smith stepped down from the Federal bench in 1974, as was noted, and returned to private practice as a partner at an Atlanta law firm. In addition to his very long and dis-tinguished career, Judge Smith was an active member of the educational com-munity in Georgia, serving as chair-man of the Gainesville Board of Edu-cation, the chairman of the State Board of Regents, and as a trustee of Brenau University for 35 years. Judge Smith was well respected in his community. It is very appropriate to name the building in Gainesville, Georgia, the Sidney Oslin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Courthouse. I also support this bill, Mr. Speaker, and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this important piece of legis-lation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ). Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I appreciate my friend from Florida for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4618, legislation that I intro-duced to name the Federal building and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.002 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1773 April 18, 2016 
United States Courthouse in Gaines-ville, Georgia, after Judge Sidney Oslin Smith, or Sidney Smith as we knew him. Judge Smith passed away, but his in-fluence in my hometown of Gainesville is still felt. He was born and raised in Gainesville, and committed to the law and furthering education. Judge Smith dedicated his life to serving the public. He joined the Army during World War II to serve his coun-try. He later went on to have a distin-guished legal career after receiving his law degree from the University of Flor-ida. He was in private practice in Gainesville for many years, and served as a superior court judge prior to being appointed to the Federal bench by President Lyndon Johnson. Judge Smith’s appointment to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia included time as chief judge from 1968 to 1974. b1615 After leaving the bench, Judge Smith served the community in many other ways. He served on the board of Brenau College—now Brenau University—and played a pivotal role in helping the school to obtain university status and become a doctoral granting institution. Judge Smith’s legacy is one that de-serves to be honored. As the judge’s son said, ‘‘serving others was his voca-tional calling.’’ The Federal building and courthouse in Gainesville is a symbol of public service and civic duty. Judge Smith dedicated his life to the high ideals of justice, honor, and family, and naming the courthouse after him will keep his legacy alive for years to come. It will serve as a reminder of the judge’s com-mitment to his community, and I be-lieve it will help inspire others to pub-lic service. Mr. Speaker, as we have just heard from my two friends and colleagues here about this man, Judge Smith, it goes beyond the resume, and it starts to talk, really, about the law degree and the private practice and the supe-rior court judge. In fact, my father, who was a Georgia State trooper, re-members Judge Smith before he was on the Federal bench. I think what is most special for me in doing this and in working with my friends and fellow Senators from Geor-gia to name this building is not only did he do his service, but then he came back to the community. It was out of a duty that he served on the Federal bench. He then came back, once out of Federal practice, and he served in a law firm and helped in our educational community. Brenau University is known worldwide as a former women’s college, but it has now expanded its program and reach to, literally, all across the world. It has recently ex-panded into China and has had an in-fluence there and all over Georgia. It is also that commitment to busi-ness and that commitment to his hometown. You see, when we name buildings—and I don’t take that light-ly—it should be in honor of someone who touches all aspects, not just one’s Federal service, not just, maybe, one’s private service, but a combination of the two. When we go into high schools—and, Mr. Speaker, I know my colleagues do as well. We speak in high schools and elementary schools all the time—we talk about pride; we talk about public service. Judge Smith is one of those in my community to whom we can point and say: Here is someone who served his country, who served his fellow members of Georgia as a member of the bar, but who was also known at home. They knew him in the restaurants; they knew him in the town square. He is someone we can look to and take pride in saying: There is someone who identifies with the very ideals of Amer-ican life. For that reason, it is really easy for me to say this is something that we do in honor of someone who earned his honor while he was living. He earned it through his hard work, his dedication, and his commitment to his fellow man and to our beloved community in Gainesville. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation to recognize Judge Smith by naming this building in Gainesville the Sidney Oslin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Courthouse. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my colleagues for coming to the floor today in support of this legis-lation. Clearly, we are taking the op-portunity—and the House has the op-portunity before it—to honor a man who inspired his community, who served with honor, and who, quite frankly, was a role model to so many in the State of Georgia. I would re-spectfully ask all of my colleagues to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4618. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR GREATER WASH-INGTON SOAP BOX DERBY Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 119) authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: H. C ON. RES. 119 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR SOAP BOX DERBY RACES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association (in this resolu-tion referred to as the ‘‘sponsor’’) shall be permitted to sponsor a public event, soap box derby races (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘event’’), on the Capitol Grounds. (b) D
ATE OF EVENT .—The event shall be held on June 18, 2016, or on such other date as the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration of the Senate jointly designate. 
SEC. 2. TERMS AND CONDITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Under conditions to be prescribed by the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board, the event shall be— (1) free of admission charge and open to the public; and (2) arranged not to interfere with the needs of Congress. (b) E
XPENSES AND LIABILITIES .—The spon-sor shall assume full responsibility for all expenses and liabilities incident to all activi-ties associated with the event. 
SEC. 3. EVENT PREPARATIONS. 
Subject to the approval of the Architect of the Capitol, the sponsor is authorized to erect upon the Capitol Grounds such stage, sound amplification devices, and other re-lated structures and equipment as may be re-quired for the event. 
SEC. 4. ADDITIONAL ARRANGEMENTS. 
The Architect of the Capitol and the Cap-itol Police Board are authorized to make such additional arrangements as may be re-quired to carry out the event. 
SEC. 5. ENFORCEMENT OF RESTRICTIONS. 
The Capitol Police Board shall provide for enforcement of the restrictions contained in section 5104(c) of title 40, United States Code, concerning sales, advertisements, displays, and solicitations on the Capitol Grounds, as well as other restrictions applicable to the Capitol Grounds, with respect to the event. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) and the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on H. Con. Res. 119. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H. Con. Res. 119 would authorize the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby on June 18. I thank the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ) for introducing this resolution and for his long-time sup-port of this event. This annual event is designed to en-courage children to show off their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.009 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1774 April 18, 2016 
work, ingenuity, and creativity as they compete for trophies. These races have been run nationally since 1934. Today, they are held throughout the country, and a few are held throughout the world. The winners of each division are then qualified to compete in the All- American Soap Box Derby in Akron, Ohio, in July. I support the passage of this resolu-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my good friend from Mary-land, Representative H
OYER , for intro-ducing this resolution on behalf of the Washington regional delegation. This annual competitive event, Mr. Speaker, encourages boys and girls, ages 9 through 16, to construct and op-erate their own soap box vehicles. The event has become a great tradition in the Washington, D.C., metropolitan area over the last 20 years. It provides a terrific opportunity for children to appreciate the workmanship that is necessary to build vehicles and to enjoy the thrill of competition. The Greater Washington Soap Box Derby organizers will work with the Architect of the Capitol and with the Capitol Police to ensure that the ap-propriate rules and regulations are in place and that the event remains free to the public. I support this resolution, and I urge my colleagues to vote for this legisla-tion, because it is critically important for the future of our children. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the distinguished gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ). Mr. HOYER. I thank both Mr. C
URBELO , the chairman of the sub-committee, and the ranking member for moving this resolution forward. I think this is the 25th year that I have sponsored this resolution, and I have had great support throughout. I thank them both. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise in support of this resolution, which I sponsor each year on behalf of the Washington metropolitan delegation, to permit the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association to hold its an-nual race on the grounds of the Capitol Building. This is a very special year for the soap box derby as it celebrates its 75th anniversary. For three-quarters of a century now, young people from across the Greater Washington, D.C., area have assembled at the Capitol for a fun, educational, and exciting event. First run in 1938, when Norman Rocca sped past 223 of his fellow young racers on New Hampshire Avenue to capture the first soap box derby vic-tory, the race brings together those be-tween ages 8 and 17 to compete in three divisions. Those divisions are Stock, Super Stock, and Masters. The winner of each division will qualify to race against the regional champions from across the country later this year at the All-American Soap Box Derby in Akron, Ohio. This year’s race here in Washington will take place on June 18. There is a reason, of course, the soap box derby has been called the ‘‘greatest amateur racing event in the world.’’ It is not only because it is a thrill to watch on race day, but because of ev-erything that happens before race day as well. For weeks in advance, the young drivers and their parents—and, yes, sometimes grandparents—gather in garages and basements to build, test, and improve their soap box racers together. It is a process that brings the generations together and teaches valu-able lessons about hard work, science and engineering, sportsmanship, lead-ership, and pride of achievement. Many of the skills learned in building these soap box racers are the same ones that help students succeed in science, tech-nology, engineering, and math—or the STEM subjects as we refer to them— which will prepare them for success in college and careers. In addition to bringing families to-gether, the soap box derby brings en-tire communities together with civic groups, police and fire departments, and service organizations that sponsor participants in whom they see the fu-ture leaders of their communities and of our country. Mr. Speaker, I said before that this is the 75th anniversary of the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby. It also marks, as I said, the 25th year that I have had the honor of sponsoring this resolution. I have done so because I am incredibly proud of this tradition and of all of the young people from Mary-land’s Fifth District who have partici-pated year after year. In fact, I say with some degree of pride that the Fifth District has been home to many soap box derby champions, including the winners of 2007, 2008, 2009, 2012, 2013, and 2014, which is to say, recently, we have done pretty well, Mr. Speaker. Our racers even brought home national championship victories in 2007 and in 2008. I thank all of those who worked to make the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby possible. I also thank the cosponsors of this resolution: Rep-resentatives C
HRIS VANHOLLEN , GERRY  C
ONNOLLY , DONBEYER , JOHNDELANEY , E
LEANOR HOLMES NORTON , D ONNA  E
DWARDS , and B ARBARA COMSTOCK . I hope the House will offer its strong support once again for this great Amer-ican pastime and for all of those young people and their families who partici-pate. I thank the two gentlemen for their leadership. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I congratulate the gentleman from Maryland on the 25th anniversary of his bringing forward this resolution. The gentleman from Maryland is some-one who respects the traditions of this House and who, through his example, teaches younger and newer Members to also respect the traditions of this House. I am proud to support this reso-lution today, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent reso-lution, H. Con. Res. 119. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concur-rent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1630 100 YEARS OF WOMEN IN CONGRESS ACT Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4570) to amend the Department of Agriculture pro-gram for research and extension grants to increase participation by women and underrepresented minorities in the fields of science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics to redesignate the program as the ‘‘Jeannette Rankin Women and Minorities in STEM Fields Program’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4570 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘100 Years of Women in Congress Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The first woman elected to Congress, Representative Jeannette Rankin from Mon-tana, was elected on November 7, 1916, al-most four years prior to ratification of the 19th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution giving women the right to vote. (2) Jeannette Rankin was not only a pio-neer in national electoral politics, she was also a pioneer as a woman in science, grad-uating from the University of Montana in 1902 with a Bachelor of Science degree in bi-ology. (3) 100 years after the election of Jeannette Rankin, 108 women serve in the 114th Con-gress, more than at any other time in our Nation’s history. While this improvement is commendable, women hold only 20 percent of the seats in Congress, far below their rel-ative share of the American electorate. (4) According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, women make up 47 percent of the total U.S. workforce. Gains have been made in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields over time, but women still comprise only 39 percent of chemists and material scientists, 28 percent of environmental scientists and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.012 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1775 April 18, 2016 
geoscientists, 16 percent of chemical engi-neers, and 12 percent of civil engineers. (5) More must be done to encourage women to run for elected office and to enter STEM fields. 
SEC. 3. JEANNETTE RANKIN WOMEN AND MI-NORITIES IN STEM FIELDS PRO-GRAM. 
Paragraph (7) of section 1672(d) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5925(d)(7)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(7) J
EANNETTE RANKIN WOMEN AND MINORI -
TIES IN STEM FIELDS PROGRAM .—Research and extension grants may be made under this section to increase participation by women and underrepresented minorities from rural areas in the fields of science, technology, en-gineering, and mathematics, with priority given to eligible institutions that carry out continuing programs funded by the Sec-retary. Any grant made under this paragraph shall be known and designated as a ‘Jeannette Rankin Women and Minorities in STEM Fields Program Grant’.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) and the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4570, the 100 Years of Women in Con-gress Act. This legislation would honor a true pioneer of American politics by naming an important agricultural re-search program as the Jeannette Rankin Women and Minorities in STEM Fields Program. This competitive research grants pro-gram is designed to increase participa-tion by women and underrepresented minorities from rural areas in the fields of science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics. I can think of no better person to identify with this important program than former Representative Rankin, who was the first woman to serve in the United States House of Representa-tives, an achievement made even more significant by the fact that Ms. Rankin was elected to Congress several years prior to the ratification of the 19th Amendment granting women the right to vote. I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. D
ELBENE. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I also rise in support of H.R. 4570, the 100 Years of Women in Congress Act. This is bipartisan legis-lation on a topic that is critical for our country and personally important to me. This legislation would honor the first woman elected to Congress in 1916, Jeannette Rankin, by renaming USDA’s Women and Minorities in STEM Fields Program as the Jeannette Rankin Women and Minorities in STEM Fields Grant Program. Jeannette Rankin graduated with a degree in biology long before it was common for women to be scientists, and she was elected to Congress before women had the right to vote. As a fel-low Pacific northwesterner, she con-tinues to be an inspiration today. There is no doubt that we need more women, especially more women lead-ers, in STEM fields. The year I grad-uated from college, women received 37 percent of the computer sciences de-grees. Today it is below 20 percent. One explanation for this is that, in the early days of PCs, computers were seen as toys and were marketed heav-ily to boys, not girls. Eventually, young women considered computer science and showed up on college cam-puses and found themselves alone in computer science classrooms domi-nated by men. Before Congress, I had a long career in the technology sector and worked with a lot of developers in the early days of email, so I know what it is like to be the only woman in the room. Thankfully, I had a strong female role model, my mother, who showed my sisters and me that we could do anything we wanted in our careers. So I know firsthand how important it is that our kids develop the skills they need to have bright futures and help make sure the United States remains a leader in technology and innovation. Children, especially young women, need more role models like Jeannette Rankin so they can see themselves in STEM fields. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a brief moment to thank my colleague, Ms. DELBENE, for her kind comments and for helping to ensure that this great bill is going to make it through with a very bipartisan majority. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from the great State of Montana (Mr. Z
INKE), my colleague who is one of the most courageous Members of Congress, somebody who served our Nation in our U.S. military for many years and deserves our thanks. Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise on be-half of the women of Montana to advo-cate for renaming the Women and Mi-norities in STEM Fields Grant Pro-gram to honor former Montana Con-gresswoman Jeannette Rankin. Yes, I do hold her seat and, yes, she held the first seat in Montana before women could vote. I would like to also say that she was a true Montanan. She embodied the pioneer spirit that we know and love. She led the way in so many different areas to include: She was one of the first to graduate from the University of Montana with a degree in biology. She voted against both wars because she could not fight. Her spirit blazoned the trails and gave us leadership. She was also a gifted sci-entific mind and an early pioneer. The grant program is an important tool for young women today to con-tinue their education in STEM and pos-sibly break new ground, like Jeannette Rankin, and blaze new trails for young women of tomorrow, today, and our fu-ture. I would like to add that my own staffer, Ms. Jocelyn Galt, is a relative of Jeannette Rankin. She, too, dem-onstrates the tenacity and determina-tion that made Jeannette Rankin suc-cessful and feared among her peers. Renaming this program in Represent-ative Rankin’s honor is the right thing to do because it a reminder of those who had courage to break down the barriers, had the tenacity to not let go of their dreams, and the courage to be a mentor and an inspiration to us all. I am happy to partner with Rep-resentative GRACE MENGon this impor-tant endeavor. I thank her for her lead-ership. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG), the sponsor of this legislation. Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased to be here today to celebrate the 100th anniversary of women serving in Congress. Thank you for allowing this legislation to come to the floor. I also thank my friend and colleague, Representative Z
INKE, for offering this legislation with me. His support has been instrumental in ensuring the con-sideration of this bill, and I am deeply grateful to him. A hundred years ago this November, the people of Montana elected Jeannette Rankin to the United States House of Representatives. She was the first woman elected to Congress and was elected before passage of the 19th Amendment, which granted women the right to vote. Jeannette Rankin was a trailblazer her entire life. In 1902, she graduated from the University of Montana with a degree in biology. Afterward, she would become active in the women’s suffrage movement, moving to New York City and assisting in the founding of the New York Woman Suffrage Party and working for the National American Woman Suf-frage Party. She would return to Montana and was elected to office in the congres-sional election of 1916. Upon winning, she declared: ‘‘I may be the first woman Member of Congress, but I won’t be the last.’’ I am happy to say she was right. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.005 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1776 April 18, 2016 
In recognition of Congresswoman Jeannette Rankin’s many accomplish-ments and in celebration of the centen-nial anniversary of her election to Con-gress, Representative Z
INKE and I in-troduced the 100 Years of Women in Congress Act. Because Jeannette Rankin was a woman of science more than 100 years before our current push to have more women enter STEM fields, we felt it appropriate to rename the Department of Agriculture’s Women and Minorities in STEM Fields Grant Program after her. This program currently supports col-laborative research projects at institu-tions of higher education, which seek to increase the participation of women and minorities from rural areas in STEM fields. It will continue to do so into the future, but now it will also recognize the many contributions Jeannette Rankin made to American life. Mr. Speaker, thank you again for al-lowing this legislation to come to the floor today, and I thank Congressman Z
INKE for partnering with me on it. I urge all of my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me and all of us here in support of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, it has been 100 years since the first woman was elected to serve in this great institution, and now I am blessed to serve with so many great women on both sides of the aisle. This is a recognition that is long overdue. I urge all of my colleagues, along with those you have already heard today, to support this important piece of legislation to give Ms. Rankin the respect and the honor that she deserves when she walked here 100 years ago. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4570, the ‘‘100 Years of Women in Congress Act,’’ which renames the existing Women and Minorities in STEM Fields Program, or WAMS program, through the U.S. Department of Agriculture, as the ‘‘Jeannette Rankin Women and Minorities in STEM Fields Program.’’ I commend Congresswoman M
ENG and Congressman Z
INKE for introducing this bipar-tisan legislation which: Highlights the importance and contributions of women Members in Congress; Recognizes the importance of the Suffrag-ette Movement in achieving opportunities for women; Emphasizes the imperative of promoting education for women in STEM; and Affirms our nation’s commitment to expand-ing opportunities for rural women in my home state of Texas and across the country. This year marks the 100th anniversary of the first woman being elected to Congress, Representative Jeannette Rankin of Montana. This bill is a fitting way to honor Represent-ative Rankin’s legacy, and to celebrate the many contributions of the female lawmakers who have succeeded her in this institution. Jeannette Rankin was a trailblazer who broke barriers throughout her lifetime and whose example continues to inspire women the world over. She graduated from the University of Mon-tana with a biology degree in 1902. She later became active in the women’s suf-frage movement, organizing the New York Women’s Suffrage Party and working for the National American Woman Suffrage Associa-tion. In 1916, Representative Rankin became the first woman elected to Congress, even before the ratification of the 19th Amendment, which guaranteed the right to vote to women. For all of her contributions to women’s rights, to political activism, and to this institu-tion, it is only fitting to pay tribute to her achievements. The USDA WAMS program was created specifically to encourage women and minori-ties from rural areas to participate in research and projects in the sciences. Women and minorities have been and con-tinue to be underrepresented in STEM fields. Although women make up 47 percent of the total U.S. labor force, they comprise only 36 percent of the computing workforce, 24 per-cent of the engineering workforce, and 18 per-cent of the advanced manufacturing work-force. Indeed, minority representation in STEM fields is even lower, with African-American and Latino workers comprising 29 percent of the general workforce, but only 15 percent of the computing workforce, 12 percent of the engi-neering workforce, and 6 percent of the ad-vanced manufacturing workforce. The WAMS program is one way that we can address these glaring disparities. WAMS grants are awarded to universities and institutions of higher learning to distribute to eligible applicants, and they prioritize projects and programs of particular relevance to USDA. Recipient institutions have used WAMS grants for worthy endeavors, such as: estab-lishing a WAMS fellowship program for women and minority high school students in rural areas; providing mentorship and hands-on, service-based learning to high school students and undergraduates in particular STEM fields; and offering mentoring services to current un-dergraduates to help them successfully com-plete STEM-based degrees. Because Representative Rankin is a grad-uate of the sciences from a rural area, renam-ing the WAMS program as the Jeannette Rankin Women and Minorities in STEM Fields Program is the perfect way to honor her leg-acy as a woman of the sciences and the first woman elected to Congress, and to encour-age the next generation of women and minori-ties from rural areas to take up STEM fields. I join my colleagues in support of this impor-tant measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OD-
NEYDAVIS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4570. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
CAPTAIN JOHN E. MORAN AND CAPTAIN WILLIAM WYLIE GALT ARMED FORCES RESERVE CEN-TER Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 719) to rename the Armed Forces Re-serve Center in Great Falls, Montana, the Captain John E. Moran and Cap-tain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 719 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. RENAMING OF THE ARMED FORCES RESERVE CENTER IN GREAT FALLS, MONTANA, AS THE CAPTAIN JOHN E. MORAN AND CAPTAIN WILLIAM WYLIE GALT ARMED FORCES RE-SERVE CENTER. 
(a) R ENAMING .—The Armed Forces Reserve Center in Great Falls, Montana, shall here-after be known and designated as the ‘‘Cap-tain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, map, regulation, map, document, paper, other record of the United States to the fa-cility referred to in subsection (a) shall be considered to be a reference to the Captain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE) and the gentle-woman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. ZINKE. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 719 and my companion bill, H.R. 1521, to honor Montana Medal of Honor recipients Captain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt and re-name the Armed Forces Reserve Center in Great Falls, Montana, in their honor. Captain John E. Moran served in the Philippine-American war and was awarded the Medal of Honor in 1910 for fearlessly leading a small body of troops under severe fire and through waist-deep water in the attack against the enemy. Captain William Wylie Galt served in World War II and was awarded the Medal of Honor in 1945 for gallantry above and beyond the call of duty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.017 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1777 April 18, 2016 
Galt manned a machinegun on a tank destroyer at the front of the assault force, staying at his post in the vehi-cle’s turret and continuing to lead his men despite intense hostile fire. He was killed while manning his ma-chinegun and, on February 1, 1945, was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor. He was just 24 years old. I am proud to have a member of the Galt family on my staff. Captain Galt and Captain Moran are an inspiration to every Montanan who was ever and will ever put on the uni-form, myself included. Montana has a strong heritage of military service, with more veterans per capita than almost any other state in the Nation, to include our Indian na-tions. Both Captain Moran and Captain Galt received the Medal of Honor, this Nation’s most distinguished honor, for displaying such personal bravery that went well beyond the call of duty. As leaders, they deserve our respect and honor. Memorializing these two he-roes by renaming the Armed Forces Reserve Center will provide a daily re-minder to us all of the service and sac-rifice these Montanans made to our country. I thank my friends, Senator S
TEVE  D
AINES and Senator J ONTESTER , for seeing this important bill through the Senate. I am proud to see this issue to completion. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BORDALLO. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise today in support of the Montana con-gressional delegation’s legislation to rename the Armed Forces Reserve Cen-ter in Great Falls, Montana, to the Captain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Re-serve Center. Captain Moran and Captain Galt were both awarded the Medal of Honor, the Nation’s highest honor, for their bravery in combat during the Phil-ippine-American war and World War II, respectively. The recognition they earned through the sacrifices that they and their fami-lies made will be memorialized appro-priately at the facility. As the Congresswoman representing Guam here in Congress, I have a special appreciation for the service of our men and our women in uniform and their families. Having welcomed the Marines in 1944 after 3 years of brutal Japanese occu-pation during World War II, our island has a history of service and one that demonstrates an understanding of our role in the American community. b1645 Guam, like Montana, ranks in the top percentile for the servicemembers and veterans per capita, and our Na-tional Guard consistently maintains a force that is among the largest per cap-ita in the Nation, a fact I am always proud to highlight. I commend Congressman ZINKE and Senators T
ESTER and D AINES for their work in recognizing the contributions of two of Montana’s own. I am pleased to support this bill and look forward to continuing to work to ensure that our brave servicemembers get the recogni-tions they deserve and have earned. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers. I encourage passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 719. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  P
ELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
APRIL 18, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, U.S. Capitol, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: Pursuant to section 803(a) of the Congressional Recognition for Excellence in Arts Education Act (2 U.S.C. 803 (a)), I am pleased to appoint the Honor-able Debbie Dingell of Michigan to the Con-gressional Award Board. Thank you for your consideration of this appointment. Sincerely, N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader. f 
FIRST LIEUTENANT SALVATORE S. CORMA II POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3866) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 1265 Hurffville Road in Dept-ford Township, New Jersey, as the ’’First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3866 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FIRST LIEUTENANT SALVATORE S. CORMA II POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located 1265 Hurffville Road in Deptford Township, New Jersey, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Iowa? There was no objection. Mr. BLUM. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3866 introduced by Congressman D
ONALD NORCROSS of New Jersey. H.R. 3866 designates the post office located at 1265 Hurffville Road in Deptford Township, New Jersey, as the First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building. First Lieutenant Corma was an offi-cer in the United States Army who gave his life while serving in Afghani-stan during Operation Enduring Free-dom. Lieutenant Corma died on April 29, 2010, of wounds sustained from an im-provised explosive device. This came only weeks after returning to Afghani-stan from visiting his home on leave. Lieutenant Corma was a dedicated soldier, a dedication that was evident throughout his life. He began martial arts at just 3 years old and continued with it throughout high school and col-lege, even winning the silver medal for tae kwon do at the Junior National Olympics. Lieutenant Corma was also an excel-lent student. He was on the honor roll from kindergarten through his senior year of high school. He was a 2008 grad-uate of the United States Military Academy at West Point, where he was captain of the tae kwon do karate team. Mr. Speaker, Lieutenant Corma was a dedicated friend and fellow soldier. According to his mother, he would call and check on his men every day while he was on leave. Once he even mailed them 300 energy drinks. His dedication continued through his death, a death that came far too soon. We will be forever grateful for the sacrifices First Lieutenant Salvatore Corma II made for his country. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this bill to name a post office to honor his life and his sacrifice. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 3866 to designate the facility of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.019 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1778 April 18, 2016 
States Postal Service located at 1265 Hurffville Road in Deptford Township, New Jersey, as the First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building. Following his graduation from West Point in 2008, Salvatore Corma at-tained his Ranger badge, serving as a First Lieutenant in the U.S. Army’s 82nd Airborne Division stationed at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. First Lieutenant Corma was deployed to Afghanistan, where he served as a platoon leader. On April 29, 2010, First Lieutenant Corma tragically lost his life while marking an IED in Zabul, Af-ghanistan. As his company commander noted when recommending First Lieutenant Corma for a valor award, marking IEDs is usually a soldier task, yet Salvatore Corma displayed not only his bravery, but also his leadership in knowingly putting himself in danger rather than his men. As he once told his mother: ‘‘You have to lead from the front. You can never lead from the back.’’ First Lieutenant Corma’s selfless leadership should be commended. His military awards include the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart. Mr. Speaker, we all should be pleased to pass this bill to honor the valiant actions and steadfast leadership of First Lieutenant Salvatore Corma, who put the lives of others before his own. I urge passage of H.R. 3866. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. N
ORCROSS ). This is his bill. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative N
ORTON for yielding. I also thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ and Ranking Member C UM-
MINGS for leadership and support for bringing this bill to the floor. I take this opportunity to introduce you to a name that no one in this Chamber had likely ever known, but it is a name and a legacy you should know and you need to know. It is my honor to be the one to share it with you. It is one of the reasons why we stand here today enjoying the many freedoms that we sometimes take for granted. The name is Army First Lieutenant Salvatore Corma II of Deptford Town-ship, New Jersey. Sal grew up in south Jersey and even attended karate class with my own children before receiving a nomination to attend the U.S. Mili-tary Academy at West Point. He graduated from West Point in 2008, and then it was on to Active Duty in the United States Army as a First Lieutenant in the Alpha Company, 1st Battalion, 508th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division out of Fort Bragg, North Carolina. Sal only stood 5 foot 6, but his lead-ership made him a towering figure among his fellow soldiers. It was that very leadership on that very dark day that stands out—far from the safety and security of his home in the south Jersey suburbs—in one of those most volatile places on the planet, Afghani-stan. That day was April 29, 2010. Sal was leading his company when they spotted an IED, an improvised ex-plosive device. Sal ordered his soldiers to back off. As they retreated, the IED detonated. It would take the life of Salvatore Corma. He was just 24 years old. Sal Corma is credited with saving as many as 17 of his fellow soldiers in that one heroic, selfless act. Many will tell you that Sal made history that day. We know he did, but it happens in ways that you will never know. Because of his heroism, those who survived that day will go on to protect the United States from threats and eliminate dan-gers around the world. Those soldiers will live on and continue to protect us. They continued the fight, carrying in their hearts the spirit of Sal Corma. They are all living tributes and a living history to his actions. Many of those soldiers will come home after service and start the Amer-ican Dream of a family. That is some-thing that was denied Sal. He will never get to marry or have kids, but his actions ensured that others will get that opportunity, all because of his valor. Sal Corma II is undeniably an American hero. What better way to pay tribute to his valor than with this legislation I present today, to rename the Deptford, New Jersey, post office as the First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building. Like all of our Active Duty service-members and veterans, Sal deserved this honor in life, not just in death. It is our duty to preserve his legacy to re-mind our fellow citizens and the world of his bravery. So every person that crosses that threshold in Deptford will see the name. If they don’t know it, I hope they will take a moment to read about his life and his legacy and what he did for us as a country. I respectfully ask for your unani-mous support in my legislation to re-name the Deptford post office the First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building. b1700 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I urge adop-tion of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3866. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. HAROLD GEORGE BENNETT POST OFFICE Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2928) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 201 B Street in Perryville, Ar-kansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2928 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. HAROLD GEORGE BENNETT POST OF-FICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Perryville, Arkansas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have five legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Iowa? There was no objection. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2928, introduced by Congress-man F
RENCH HILLof Arkansas. H.R. 2928 designates the post office located at 201 B Street in Perryville, Arkansas, as the Harold George Bennett Post Of-fice. Sergeant Harold George Bennett en-listed in the United States Army in 1957, and he served heroically in Viet-nam. He was taken prisoner in that country, and on June 25, 1965, he be-came one of the first prisoners of war killed in Vietnam. Sergeant Bennett fought courageously, thinking not of himself, but thinking first and fore-most of his colleagues. I will ask my colleague and the spon-sor of this bill, Representative F
RENCH  H
ILL, to share the incredible story of Sergeant Bennett; but for now, I urge Members to support this bill to name a post office after Sergeant Harold George Bennett. Mr. Speaker, hearing his story in-spires bravery in all of us, and I am hopeful that permanently naming a post office in remembrance of his sac-rifice will serve to inspire generations to come. I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.023 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1779 April 18, 2016 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 2928, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 201 B Street in Perryville, Ar-kansas, as the Harold George Bennett Post Office. Born in Perryville, Arkansas, in 1940, Harold George Bennett followed in his father’s footsteps by joining the Army. Sergeant Bennett served with the 82nd and the 101st Airborne Divisions and volunteered to serve in Vietnam in 1964. During his deployment, Sergeant Bennett acted as infantry adviser to South Vietnam’s 33rd Ranger Bat-talion. On December 29, 1964, Sergeant Ben-net’s unit was airlifted to Binh Gia, a village overrun by the Viet Cong. Upon landing, they were met by enemy forces and a firefight ensued. A selfless man, Sergeant Bennett called off two separate helicopter pilots who at-tempted to rescue him, refusing to put their lives in danger to save his. With his unit overrun by Viet Cong, Sergeant Bennett was captured. He demonstrated courage and tenacity by participating in hunger strikes and at-tempting three times to escape cap-tivity. Tragically, following his third attempt, Sergeant Bennett was exe-cuted, becoming the first American POW to be put to death during the Vietnam war. Sergeant Bennett was posthumously awarded a Silver Star for his heroic ac-tions, in addition to receiving a Pris-oner of War Medal, Army Good Con-duct Medal, and a Purple Heart. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to commemorate the great sacrifices Sergeant Harold George Bennett made for his country, as he selflessly and re-peatedly put the lives of others before his own. I urge the passage of H.R. 2928. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkan-sas (Mr. H
ILL). Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, a few weeks ago, I had the pleasure of going to the 50th anniversary commemoration of the Vietnam war in Little Rock and to see all the hugs and emotion at that event. Truly, it was a tumultuous time in our world. It was so good to see the healing that those men and women ex-perienced at that 50th anniversary. I looked at that table set for the POW/ MIA ceremony, and, of course, I was thinking about Sergeant Harold George Bennett from Perryville, Arkansas. Sergeant Bennett was born on Octo-ber 16, 1940, in Thornburg, Arkansas, a very small town outside the beautiful Ouachita National Forest. A graduate of Perryville High School, he enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1957. He served as an airborne infantryman with the 82nd and 101st Airborne Divisions—no finer units. He completed Special Forces training in 1963. From there, Sergeant Bennett volunteered to go to South Vietnam as a Special Forces adviser with the Military Assistance Com-mand. On December 29, 1964, his unit was airlifted to a small village after it had been overrun by the Viet Cong. Upon landing, Sergeant Bennett’s unit was confronted by enemy forces. Twice, he refused extraction by military heli-copters, as he was concerned for the pi-lots’ safety and wanted to continue the fight against the enemy. After a furi-ous and courageous battle, Sergeant Bennett was taken prisoner by the Viet Cong. Like so many of his colleagues, he spent 179 days as a POW and at-tempted to escape three times at great risk. His captors executed him on June 25, 1965. Only 24 years old, Sergeant Bennett was the first American POW killed in Vietnam. And like so many other serv-icemen who lost their lives there, his remains have never returned home. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman such time as he may con-sume. Mr. HILL. After four decades, in 2004, Sergeant Bennett was inducted into the Ranger Hall of Fame at Fort Benning. In 2006, his family was pre-sented with his Combat Infantryman’s Badge, National Defense Service Medal, Vietnam Service Medal, Pris-oner of War Medal, Army Good Con-duct Medal, and the Purple Heart. In 2010, Sergeant Bennett’s family was presented with his Silver Star. Today, we honor Sergeant Bennett’s heroism, bravery, and service by in-stalling a permanent marker of his lasting contribution to his native State and to our Nation, both that he loved and served so ably. Duty, honor, and country—his exam-ple is one all Americans and Arkansans can admire, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I urge adop-tion of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2928. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SGT. 1ST CLASS TERRYL L. PASKER POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4605) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa as the ‘‘Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H. R. 4605 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SGT. 1ST CLASS TERRYL L. PASKER POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have five legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Iowa? There was no objection. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine who paid the ulti-mate sacrifice for our freedom. The bill before us would designate the post office located at 615 6th Ave-nue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, as the Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Of-fice Building. This bill pays tribute to the life of Sergeant First Class Pasker, who was, unfortunately, killed in Af-ghanistan in 2011. Mr. Speaker, Sergeant Pasker was born February 26, 1972, in Anamosa, Iowa, the son of David and Mary Pasker. He joined the Army in 1990, after graduating from Lisbon High School, transitioning to the National Guard in 1995. Sergeant Pasker served in Afghani-stan in 2004 and 2005, deploying again in 2011 with the 334th Brigade Support Battalion, 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 34th Infantry Division. He served in Panjshir province, where he was re-sponsible for maintaining electronic equipment and mentoring Afghan po-lice and military leaders. Mr. Speaker, on July 9, 2011, Ser-geant First Class Terryl L. Pasker gave his last full measure of devotion to his country when he was killed at the age of 39 at a checkpoint, only days before the end of his combat tour. He is survived by his wife, Erica; his parents, Mary and David; his brother, Andrew; and his two sisters, Christine and Rebecca. His family told me that he always said he would rather be a sermon than preach one, a belief that I believe he exemplified throughout his life. Admired by his fellow soldiers, Pasker was known for his humility, his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.027 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1780 April 18, 2016 
sense of humor, and his willingness to selflessly serve others. Away from serv-ice, Terryl was a homebuilder, taught karate, and was active in his local church. During his life, he would re-mind others that freedom is not free. So, Mr. Speaker, as we honor the sac-rifice of Sergeant First Class Pasker, I ask us to also remember the thousands of servicemembers who sacrifice their time, their relationships, and even their lives to protect the freedom of this great Nation. I urge Members to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 4605, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, as the Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Building. Born in Anamosa, Iowa, Terryl Pasker joined the Army in 1990, fol-lowing his high school graduation. In 1995, he joined the Iowa National Guard, deploying to Afghanistan from 2004 to 2005. Six years later, Sergeant First Class Pasker decided to return for a second deployment with the 34th Infantry Division. During this tour, he mentored Afghan police forces and military leadership. b1715 Tragically, Sergeant First Class Pasker was killed at a checkpoint in Panjshir province on July 9, 2011, just days before he was to return home from his combat duty. He was awarded a Bronze Star and a Purple Heart for his sacrifice. Sergeant First Class Pasker is re-membered as an active member of his church, who taught karate and served as a mentor to many in his commu-nity. A diligent, hardworking car-penter and owner of a contracting busi-ness, Terryl Pasker had intended to re-turn to his trade and start a family with his wife, Erica, whom he married in 2006. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to recognize Sergeant First Class Terryl Pasker for the bravery, courage, and selflessness that he exhibited in his 20 years of honorable military service. I urge the passage of H.R. 4605. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I urge adop-tion of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4605. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 16 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1206, NO HIRES FOR THE DE-LINQUENT IRS ACT, AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4885, IRS OVERSIGHT WHILE ELIMINATING SPENDING (OWES) ACT OF 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–502) on the resolution (H. Res. 687) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1206) to prohibit the hiring of additional Inter-nal Revenue Service employees until the Secretary of the Treasury certifies that no employee of the Internal Rev-enue Service has a seriously delinquent tax debt, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 4885) to require that user fees collected by the Internal Revenue Service be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4890, BAN ON IRS BONUSES UNTIL SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY DEVELOPS COM-PREHENSIVE CUSTOMER SERV-ICE STRATEGY, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3724, ENSURING INTEGRITY IN THE IRS WORKFORCE ACT OF 2015 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–503) on the Resolution (H. Res. 688) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4890) to impose a ban on the payment of bo-nuses to employees of the Internal Rev-enue Service until the Secretary of the Treasury develops and implements a comprehensive customer service strat-egy, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3724) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Commissioner of the Internal Rev-enue Service from rehiring any em-ployee of the Internal Revenue Service who was involuntarily separated from service for misconduct, which was re-ferred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 4570, by the yeas and nays; S. 719, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. f 
100 YEARS OF WOMEN IN CONGRESS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4570) to amend the Depart-ment of Agriculture program for re-search and extension grants to increase participation by women and underrep-resented minorities in the fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics to redesignate the pro-gram as the ‘‘Jeannette Rankin Women and Minorities in STEM Fields Pro-gram’’, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OD-
NEYDAVIS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 377, nays 6, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 48, as follows: 
[Roll No. 153] YEAS—377 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.030 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1781 April 18, 2016 
Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—6 
Babin Brat Brooks (AL) Gosar Griffith Grothman 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Rice (SC) Sanford 
NOT VOTING—48 
Aderholt Barton Beyer Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brown (FL) Capuano Collins (NY) Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Fattah Fincher Flores Grijalva Hastings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hoyer Jackson Lee Kirkpatrick Lee Lipinski Lujan Grisham (NM) Maloney, Carolyn Marino Meeks Olson Payne Pelosi Poe (TX) Rohrabacher Rush Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Sires Slaughter Speier Stutzman Tiberi Tipton Van Hollen Walker Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) Young (IN) b1850 Messrs. BROOKS of Alabama and GOSAR changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. CARSON of Indiana changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 153, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
CAPTAIN JOHN E. MORAN AND CAPTAIN WILLIAM WYLIE GALT ARMED FORCES RESERVE CEN-TER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 719) to rename the Armed Forces Reserve Center in Great Falls, Montana, the Captain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 387, nays 0, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 45, as follows: 
[Roll No. 154] YEAS—387 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.013 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1782 April 18, 2016 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Rice (SC) 
NOT VOTING—45 
Aderholt Barton Beyer Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brown (FL) Calvert Capuano Collins (NY) Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Fattah Fincher Flores Granger Grijalva Hinojosa Jackson Lee Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Lipinski Lujan Grisham (NM) Maloney, Carolyn Marino Meeks Olson Pelosi Poe (TX) Rohrabacher Rush Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Sires Slaughter Speier Stutzman Tiberi Van Hollen Vela Walker Waters, Maxine Whitfield Young (IN) 
b1858 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Madam Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and missed rollcall vote Nos. 153 and 154. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on both. 
f 
b1900 HONORING THE LIFE OF CONGRESSMAN RAY THORNTON (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Madam Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues to honor the life of Congressman Ray Thornton, who was a pillar in Arkansas politics and a stalwart advocate and voice for the im-provement of education in our great State of Arkansas. Serving six terms in Congress, for over 23 years, Congressman Thornton served in two different congressional districts, the fourth and the second. Ray was committed to the people of Arkansas and supporting Arkansas ideals on the political stage. His distinguished career included service in the United States Navy dur-ing the Korean war, leadership as presi-dent of both Arkansas State University and the University of Arkansas, an 8- year term on the Arkansas Supreme Court, and appointment as the first chairman of the Arkansas Lottery. In 2013, Congressman Thornton do-nated his personal and professional pa-pers to the University of Arkansas. Though he will be greatly missed by many throughout our State, his count-less contributions and legacy will live on and serve as an example of states-manship and public service for all Ar-kansans. HONORING THE LIFE OF RABBI HERBERT BAUMGUARD (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Madam Speak-er, I rise in remembrance of Rabbi Her-bert Baumguard, who passed away this past Friday, at the age of 95. Rabbi Baumguard founded Temple Beth Am, which is an important insti-tution in my congressional district that has brought the south Florida Jewish community together for over 60 years. A native of Norfolk, Virginia, Rabbi Baumguard served as an assistant to a chaplain in World War II. He credited that experience with his motivation for becoming a rabbi. One of Rabbi Baumguard’s strongest ideals was the continuing friendship and alliance with the State of Israel. The Rabbi was committed to not only strengthening our ties with our great ally, but to seeing that the United States continues to support and defend the Jewish state, which is an idea that I shared with him. I am so honored and privileged to have had the opportunity to represent Temple Beth Am and to experience all that Rabbi Baumguard has done to im-prove south Florida. May his memory be a blessing. f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF CHIEF DELL URBAN (Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DOLD. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor Dell Urban, the chief of the North Chicago Fire Department, who is retiring after spending more than 25 years on the force. Ms. Urban is the first female fire chief in Lake County, and one of only two female fire chiefs in the State of Illinois. As fire chief, Ms. Urban was respon-sible for saving countless lives and did her duty protecting the community of North Chicago. We should all aspire to be as brave as the firemen who lay down their lives each and every day to ensure our safety. In addition to performing her duties, Ms. Urban has been a mentor and a friend to many firefighters throughout her time as chief, and she is leaving the station far better off than before she was chief. I want to thank Ms. Urban for her service and wish her all the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
FIREARMS TRANSFER IMPROVEMENT ACT (Mr. GUINTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GUINTA. Madam Speaker, the Firearms Transfer Improvement Act, which I introduced in Congress, would provide a significant boost to New Hampshire gun dealers, nearly all of them small-business owners, as well as the Granite State’s tourism industry and larger economy. At its foundation, this bill is meant to protect every American’s right to bear arms, an essential freedom that is as important as it ever was. My bill would extend the same Fed-eral law that allows interstate long gun purchasing to handgun purchases. For instance, a Vermonter could pur-chase a handgun in New Hampshire, where no sales tax exists, and transport it home, as long as he or she follows his or her State’s gun laws. This bill would be a boon for States like New Hampshire that, in addition to enjoying greater Second Amend-ment freedom, would also enjoy greater economic freedom. Granite Staters stand to benefit immensely, as do sporting enthusiasts around the coun-try. I would like to thank the 18 original cosponsors for their support of this necessary legislation. f 
POTENTIAL DRAWDOWN OF LAND FORCES The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from New York (Mr. G
IBSON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIBSON. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude supporting material on the sub-ject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. GIBSON. Madam Speaker, to-night I am speaking to gain support for H.R. 4534. This is the POSTURE Act. It stops the administration’s drawdown of our land forces, the United States Ma-rine Corps and the United States Army. This is a bipartisan bill, myself and 52 others, 52 cosponsors, including 42 Republicans and 10 Democrats. I am proud to say that we are coming to-gether to make sure that we keep our land forces strong. This is also a bicameral bill. The lan-guage of this bill has also been intro-duced in the United States Senate. Madam Speaker, the predicate here is a belief in peace through strength, a belief that what we want to do is deter potential adversaries; and to do that, we certainly need to restore our capa-bility in our Armed Forces, deterrence really being capability and will. Tonight I am focused in on the POS-TURE Act. Of course, Madam Speaker, the coauthors and I, we certainly share deep concern for the entire joint force, but today we are particularly focused in on the land forces. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.015 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1783 April 18, 2016 
You will hear, across the evening here, five general points. They are: Number one, that the drawdown plan currently from the administration is planned to continue into 2018, for sev-eral more years here; and at the cul-mination of that, our land forces will actually be at pre-World War II levels. Given the very volatile, uncertain, ambiguous international environment that we live in, we believe, the authors, that this is very high risk; and, really, we want to change that and, essen-tially, preserve 67,000 troops in end strength in the United States Army and the United States Marine Corps. That is number one. The second point is the assumptions that were made, Madam Speaker, when the administration initially made the decision on the drawdown, we believe that those assumptions are no longer valid. There has been much change in the world in the last several years, and you will hear some of that this evening. The third point, which is very impor-tant, is that, with our land forces, this is not like a light switch where we can turn it on, turn it off, turn it back on. If we end up standing down these 67,000 troops, it could take 3 to 4 years to re-constitute that force level; and given the uncertainty we have in this inter-national environment, we think that that is too much risk for us to take on. Madam Speaker, the fourth point, and here I will speak from my personal experience of 29 years in the military, is that this planned drawdown also has consequence for our servicemen and -women. It has, certainly, consequence in terms of the op tempo, the oper-ational tempo, of how many deploy-ments they will go on and for how long, the duration of those deployments. And also, we know the risk. The en-emy’s weapon of choice in this war is the improvised explosive device, and we know that that has led to signifi-cant challenge with traumatic brain injuries and also post-traumatic stress. Certainly, there is wide bipartisan support in this Chamber to care for our servicemen and -women and their fami-lies, and that is why these bipartisan authors are also very concerned about end strength. That is point 4. The fifth point is this: when we pre-serve this—because I believe we are gaining momentum and, ultimately, I like our chances; we are going to get this into law—it is very important that this end strength come with the nec-essary resources so that we do not hol-low out this force. So, Madam Speaker, we are going to have a series of speakers now, my co-authors on the bill. I want to begin with my original coauthor, and he is the highest ranking enlisted man to ever serve in this Chamber. He is a great American hero, T
IMWALZ. He is a Democrat from Minnesota. In 1989, he earned the title of Ne-braska Citizen Soldier of the Year. After deployment to Italy with his Guard unit, as part of Operation En-during Freedom, Sergeant Major WALZ retired from the Army National Guard and resumed teaching as a geography teacher and a football coach at Man-kato West Senior High School. He is a member of the Armed Serv-ices Committee, and he is also a mem-ber of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ), my good colleague and friend. Mr. WALZ. Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend from New York. It is a phrase we sometimes throw around in here without a lot of authenticity be-hind it, but I can tell you, in this case, a gentleman who served this Nation three decades in uniform and has had a distinguished career here in Congress, I am proud to stand with you. I think you heard the gentleman’s comments on why we think now is not the right time to draw down this land force, and I say that with both of us coming out of that force. The size of the force this Nation needs should not be predicated by a plan that is outdated. Since the time this plan was written and put into ef-fect: the rise of ISIS, China has built a new island in the South China Sea and is landing aircraft on it now, and a bel-ligerent Russia. But more than that, we have seen the use of the military force as a deterrent, not just to aggression. We have seen it as a peaceful use, whether it be in Haiti to respond to natural disasters or to re-spond to Ebola in West Africa. The best trained, the most efficient and the most ready force to be able to use our diplomacy and our humanitarian assets is this land force. I think for many of us, we were con-cerned about this, but this is not ideo-logically driven. The gentleman and I coauthored a piece of legislation that created the National Commission on the Future of the Army. We said: Let’s let the data speak for itself. If the experts can take this in and assess that this force is enough to do what needs to be done according to the strategic plan of this Nation by the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the best thinkers, then that is the way it should be. But they did not come back with that. They came about some alarming things that they talked about, and one of them, I think it is very clear we are heading down the wrong path, strip-ping it of manpower. There is a belief in this Nation that we can solve all problems, especially security problems, with the use of technology. Our technological advan-tage is a huge positive force, but it will not be on the ground with Ebola. It will not be there when we have to have that defending force. b1915 As everyone in this Chamber knows, 15 years of war puts an incredible stress on that. The gentleman used a great analogy. He talked about turning on and off the lights. I use the one that I think a lot of people think: This is like running the car out of gas. If we just need more, we will put more gas in it. That is not true. It is running the car out of oil, which causes all kinds of problems. If we do not keep the force where it is at, keep it trained, and keep it ready to go, we will not be able to carry out those missions. I would like to highlight a couple of other things that the Commission said about the integration of the National Guard to the active components and the use of the National Guard as an operational reserve, not a strategic re-serve. Those of us who lived through the years where the National Guard was an afterthought and we practiced artillery training with toilet paper rolls instead of real charges because we didn’t have the capacity to train, that is the surest way to make sure our force is not ready to go. It is not a good use of tax-payer dollars, and it is simply immoral to train America’s young warriors without the full capacity of what they need. So I think, for many of us, this is not only a national security issue, it is a smart fiscal issue. We have paid dearly with treasure and blood to have this force. I can tell you, if the force shrinks too much—and we have seen this happen—the rotations happen very quickly. All the speakers you are going to hear tonight, Madam Speaker, are going to tell you about this. It becomes very difficult both from the personal side for them to manage their relation-ships, but also the professional side of soldiering. You can’t get to the schools you need. You can’t develop the wider breadth that you need for all contin-gencies. We have become very, very good at small missions that the same people get rotated into without the ability to look elsewhere. So as we pivot to the Pacific, those are new skill sets that need to be incorporated in. What the gentleman is asking for is let’s just pause in the drawdown, let’s keep the force where the Commission and the GAO says it needs to be, let’s give the force the ability to rotate out and to do what needs to be done to have them get back and ready to get in the fight again in a way that makes sense. We can do that. Again, I want to be very clear. Those critics who say that we are asking to build up the military, we are just ask-ing to stop a drawdown that we think gets dangerously close to putting this Nation in a predicament where it can-not carry out the missions that are asked of it. We in this Chamber and the Amer-ican public have a moral responsibility to never put a warrior in that position and never put those commanders in that position. So I want to thank the gentleman for bringing this forward. I want to thank him for being willing to champion this forward. We know this is about edu-cating not only our colleagues, but the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.038 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1784 April 18, 2016 
American public. It is about having a debate. I think the gentleman from New York brought up a critical point. Num-bers without the ability to train, equip, and do what is necessary to get them to the highest level of readiness is probably worse than nothing, and that is not what we are asking for. I think, again, to highlight the gen-tleman’s commitment to this, he is looking at ways to pay for it. He is looking at ways to make it work: re-pealing sequestration, pursuing waste, eliminating programs at the Pentagon, encouraging and assisting our allies and partners to beef up what they need to do to beef up, and ensure the next President has the force capable to not only address current, but future threats. That is our responsibility. So I am proud to stand with the gen-tleman on the POSTURE Act. I think it is smart policy. It is predicated on data. It is predicated on decades of per-sonal experience from the gentleman from New York and speakers you are going to hear coming up. It is what the thinkers are telling us. Again, I think it does come back to the gentleman’s opening comments. Those adversaries who think that this is the time to do something with this Nation need to be sent a strong mes-sage that we are as strong as ever, our commitment is as strong as ever, and our force will be as it always has been: the best trained and the best fighting force the world has ever seen. We are just asking to give them the numbers to do their job. So, Madam Speaker, I would encour-age my colleagues to take a look at this, to get on board, and to talk with the gentleman, myself, and the other cosponsors of this. Let’s put that next President in a po-sition to be able to secure this Nation, to be able to forward project American power in the name of humanitarian or human rights, and continue to give our young warriors what they need. Mr. GIBSON. I thank the gentleman. Madam Speaker, you just heard, I think, in really compelling terms and you saw witness to why it is that we have the finest fighting force in the world. What separates us from the rest of the world is our noncommissioned offi-cer corps. This is an incredible collec-tion of professionals that provide ad-vice, analysis, and recommendations. Really, I would put our noncommis-sioned officer corps up against any other noncommissioned officer corps in the world. I want to say, beyond that, he is a phenomenal Representative here in the U.S. House. I want to thank the gen-tleman for that tremendous testimony and for his great leadership. I now want to turn to another great warrior, Representative S
TEVE RUS-
SELL. STEVE RUSSELL is, Madam Speak-er, an Airborne Ranger. He has served in airborne, light, and mechanized in-fantry assignments. His deployments include deployment to Kosovo, Kuwait, Afghanistan, and Iraq. Madam Speaker, in 2003, then-Lieu-tenant Colonel STEVE RUSSELL com-manded the task force in Iraq that was instrumental in the hunt and capture of Saddam Hussein. He is in his first term. He is already off to an amazing start. He is a member of the Armed Services Committee. I yield to the gentleman from the State of Oklahoma, Mr. S
TEVE RUS-
SELL. Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I want to thank my brother, combat in-fantryman, warrior, and colleague from New York (Mr. G
IBSON ) for his leader-ship in this effort. Madam Speaker, in 1940, our Nation faced tough decisions. Lawmakers in this Chamber debated over our con-stitutional requirement to defend our Republic. Faced with a decade of depression, declining budgets, and enormous do-mestic needs, President Roosevelt rec-ognized that the Nation was woefully unprepared to defend herself, given the alarming developments in Asia and Eu-rope the previous 2 years. Congress acted, and, although as-sured we could stay out of the war, this body passed the unprecedented Selec-tive Service Act of 1940 to increase our defensive posture. While some would call it prescient or even timely, we were still woefully un-prepared for the horrific attacks on our naval, land, and air forces in 1941. When the blow fell, we had for the first time a sizeable forward-deployed force based in the Philippine Islands in De-cember 1941. That Allied force of 150,000 soldiers fought bravely for 5 months until their medical supplies, food, and, finally, ammunition were exhausted, prompt-ing the largest surrender of U.S. forces in American history. Tens of thousands of these Allied sol-diers died in brutal captivity, all sim-ply because our Nation could not get to them. While we had future capacity, we had forfeited our defensive posture through cost-cutting policies the pre-vious decade and we had exhausted our time. As unprepared as we were in 1940, it could have been even worse had the President and Congress not acted when they did. But here is something to pon-der: our current land forces are actu-ally 30 percent smaller today than they were in 1940 when you compare them to a percentage of our per capita popu-lation. If we lived today in an atmos-phere of peace, maybe we could take such gambles. Instead, we see Russians reigniting the cold war, Iranians destabilizing the Middle East, North Koreans firing nu-clear missiles with the aim to range the United States, and Islamic jihadist death-cult extremists committing acts of barbarity akin to the Middle Ages. We also see tensions rising with our trading partner, China, and the seeds of potential unrest in the Pacific. What does the President and this Congress intend to do if we do not act to prepare for this dangerous world? This year it would cut the United States Army by 30,000 more soldiers and our Marines by another 8,000. In-stead, our bipartisan answer to these cuts in this Congress is a resounding no. Whatever savings we might imagine we safeguard, whatever tension we may imagine we could trim, whatever good-will we deceive ourselves of that would go after, we assuredly would be eroded by an unexpected attack on our Nation as she has voluntarily chained herself down into a weakened condition. Rather than slacken our posture, we must slacken our chains. We stand to-gether with much work ahead, but this bipartisan effort is a refusal to see our Nation further diminished. As we pass this measure into law, let’s do it with the echo of these sober-ing words from novelist, historian, and Nobel Laureate Aleksandr Sol-zhenitsyn, a survivor of torture and tyranny: 
I would like to call upon America to be more careful with its trust and prevent those who because of shortsightedness and still others out of self-interest from falsely using the struggle for peace and for social justice to lead you down a false road. Because they are trying to weaken you. They are trying to disarm your strong and magnificent country in the face of this fearful threat. I call upon you ordinary working men of America. Do not let yourselves become weak. 
Pass the POSTURE Act and prevent some horrific blow from berthing in our future. Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. G
IBSON  for his outstanding leadership on this issue. Mr. GIBSON. I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ). What we heard, Madam Speaker, just moments ago here is what I mentioned at the outset. We were talking about the changed assumptions when the ad-ministration first made these deci-sions. Of course, they were working based on the 2012 Defense Strategic Guidance, the 2013 Strategic Choices and Manage-ment Review, and also the 2014 QDR. Madam Speaker, I think we just heard very persuasive argumentation how just in the last several years so much has changed and the reason why this Chamber is coming together in a bipartisan way to move forward on this POSTURE Act. Now, Madam Speaker, I want to turn to Representative R
ENEE ELLMERS . R
ENEE is not on the Committee on Armed Services, but this lady works incredibly hard for our Nation and for our servicemen and -women. She stud-ies all the time. I have had countless discussions with her. She is always wanting to know the details to make sure that the service-men and -women who serve at Fort Bragg get all the resources that they need. She takes their combat readiness so very seriously because she knows that their lives are on the line there. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.040 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1785 April 18, 2016 
Fort Bragg could not ask for a stronger advocate. I am very impressed and am very thankful for her support in going above and beyond, not being on the committee and jurisdiction, to be here tonight and, really, to make her voice be heard all throughout this land on why we need to get behind the POSTURE Act. So I will just say last before I turn it over to her that part of what I know that Representative E
LLMERS is work-ing on is a very important supporting element for our land forces, the 440th, which is based out of Fort Bragg and Pope Army Air Base. I know from first-hand experience this is an incredible outfit. We are concerned about some decisions that are being taken here. I yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. E
LLMERS ) Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. G
IBSON . I just want to start right off by saying, Madam Speaker, that our colleague, Mr. G
IBSON , has been a tireless voice for our military and cer-tainly has been a resource for me and has always been more than open and honest with me when it comes to deci-sions that are facing our military and national security. Again, I just want to thank the gen-tleman for his service and, also, for coming to Washington to serve our country yet again, to be such an advo-cate for the military, and to be such a support for the rest of us who are try-ing to help in that capacity as well. I am here tonight to discuss in this Special Order the introduction of the POSTURE Act, and I thank the gen-tleman for this great piece of legisla-tion. The POSTURE Act is an important piece of legislation that will prevent further troop reductions and improve military readiness. As the Representa-tive of Fort Bragg based in North Caro-lina, I have the unique perspective to see how this troop drawdown is di-rectly impacting our national security. It is my top priority to ensure that we restore our military’s end strength not only to serve as a deterrent, but also so that our military can appro-priately and effectively respond to any threat represented to our country or our allies. The POSTURE Act will en-sure that our troops are ready and pre-pared to defend our Nation at a mo-ment’s notice. I would also like to thank Mr. G
IBSON  for his help raising awareness about the serious issues facing Fort Bragg, including the deactivation of the 440th Airlift Wing. The 440th Airlift Wing provides un-paralleled support to Fort Bragg para-troopers, more specifically, the famed 82nd Airborne’s Global Response Force, a unit Mr. G
IBSON knows all too well, as he was the commander of this force just a few years back. Because of the potential deactivation of the 440th Airlift Wing, I have been having this very discussion about maintaining military readiness and maintaining sufficient troop levels for the last 2-plus years. This certainly is not the first time I have stepped foot onto the House floor to rail against the Air Force’s ill-con-ceived decision to deactivate the 440th. In fact, I have stood in this very spot and stressed my concerns about the threats their decision poses to the readiness of the Fort Bragg para-troopers. Unfortunately, what I thought was going to happen is indeed taking place as we speak. While the Air Force has promised they would continue to pro-vide necessary airlift support for Fort Bragg, the Air Force is already falling well short of this promise. b1930 Fort Bragg aims to complete 10,000 jumps a month to prepare troops for combat, but the Air Force’s decision to prematurely hollow out this wing has prevented them from meeting this jump goal. Last month, only 6,100 para-troopers jumped from Air Force planes. In fact, the Air Force has even fallen short on Fort Bragg’s 8,000-jump min-imum—a number they consider to be their threshold for proficiency. This is yet another consequence and, unfortunately, it is a concrete example of how drawdown can and will affect military readiness and training. Not only have I met with Fort Bragg lead-ership, but I have also met with our Nation’s top military officials and still, to this day, I do not understand why the Air Force insists on making decisions based on zero strategic merit. To make matters worse, deactivation of the 440th is happening at a time when the 18th Airborne Corps was re-cently called upon to lead the fight against the Islamic extremist group ISIS. Members of the 18th Airborne Corps are set to deploy this summer. Meanwhile, we are on the track to have the smallest size Army since the end of World War II. Russia has become increasingly ag-gressive and China’s military presence continues to grow in southeast Asia— all the while our President insists on drawing down our military and cutting its funding. This is not the time to be cutting our military. This is the time to strengthen it. Mr. GIBSON ’s bill ensures that we will have appropriate end strength to keep our Nation and our allies safe and se-cure. I look forward to continuing to work with Mr. G
IBSON and standing by him in this capacity, as I believe that strengthening our military is one of the most important issues facing Con-gress to date. Mr. GIBSON. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman. I want to thank her for her strong voice, and I want to thank her for the attention to detail that she puts into this. This is so critically important. It is very instru-mental in the momentum that we have had—your great voice, your staff’s hard work, and your hard work. We are going to continue to push for-ward with this with the POSTURE Act, and continue to make sure that the en-tire installation at Fort Bragg has the necessary resources to deliver and to get its mission done and to look after and take care of its servicemen and -women, those paratroopers, and also the families. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ). Representative K
NIGHT is also a vet-eran of our Armed Forces. He was born at Edwards Air Force Base in Antelope Valley, California. He served in the United States Army from 1985 to 1987. He was a track systems mechanic in Freiburg, Germany. When his tour ended, he served in the United States Army Reserve. His total military serv-ice spanned from 1985 to 1993. He is a member of the House Armed Services Committee. Also, within his district, he has Air Force Plant 42 and the Edwards Air Force Base. Mr. KNIGHT. Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. G
IBSON for taking a leader-ship role in making sure that the mili-tary has a voice, and that is exactly what he has done in his tenure here in Congress. I rise in support of H.R. 4534. The POSTURE Act is not just something that we are asking for. It is basically the bare necessities. We are getting down to the limits. I can say, just on personal experi-ence, when I enlisted in 1985 as a young person graduating high school and en-listing into the Army, I expected that we had such a great military and we had all of these things that were going to help me in my endeavors. As I went to Germany, my job was if something happened, if the Russians were going to come over, we were supposed to guard what was known as the Fulda Gap. I know that anyone who has ever served in the Army in the ’80s knows what the Fulda Gap is. It was basically that line where we were going to stop the Rus-sian Army. Unfortunately, they told us that we were going to be outrun about 11 to 1 at that time from the Russian Army. That is not something that an 18-year- old wants to know, is that the very first assignment that might happen in the cold war is you are going to go to a spot and you are going to be up against an 11-to-1 army. At that time, we had about 781,000 active Army folks. If we fast forward to today, we are sending people in rotations every 12 months or every 18 months. We are sending these people two, three, or four different rotations during their 4- or 6- year enlistments, and we have such a smaller active Army. I know that now folks out there will be talking about the total Army structure and the total structure. I think that is great that we have the Reserves and National Guard as part of the total structure. I believe in that. I think that is something that absolutely should happen. But if we are just doing apples to ap-ples from 1986 to today, we go from about 780,000 to less than 500,000. That is getting down to a point where, can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.041 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1786 April 18, 2016 
we fight on two fronts, can we help, can we do all of the missions that the Army has done for the last 200 years? I would say that we are getting down to that point where if we don’t pass the POSTURE Act, we will go underneath that level and we will not be able to send our warriors into combat and into humanitarian situations with our best effort, with our best foot forward. I would say that this is the absolute— the absolute—end to where we should draw down. Let’s look at what we are looking at today. We are not looking at some of the larger countries, but we are also looking at rogue states. Russia and China, obviously, are out there and they are, obviously, doing things that we keep our eye on. Their technology has advanced, their amount of money that they spend on the military has jumped dramatically over the last 20 years. Some of the things that they are bringing forward are as technologically advanced as we have. I would say that if we went back 20 years, we would never say that. We would say technologically we are ahead every step of the way. Today we can’t say that. Today we also have rogue na-tions and rogue leaders out there that want to do things to us and to our al-lies. So I say at a time where we are draw-ing down and continuing to draw down, where we have these types of rogue na-tions, where we have these types of su-perpowers out there, and we have these types of groups that want to do bad things to us and to our allies, is this actually the time that we should draw down to an unsafe level? I would like to thank Mr. G
IBSON for everything that he has done in his ten-ure here in Congress and what he has done for the United States of America because, honestly, he is a true hero. But in this regard, he is trying to unite all of Congress behind what he has be-lieved and what he has done for his en-tire life. I think that Congress should listen, I think that Congress should say, yes, we absolutely have these levels, and we can’t go below them. In fact, as we are watching everything that is happening on the news on a daily basis, we would say that maybe those levels are too low, too. So I would like to thank Mr. G
IBSON for his leadership. Mr. GIBSON. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman. I thank him for his service to our Nation, and also thank him for his great work on the House Armed Services Committee. He is truly making a difference, and his voice here tonight is very compelling and very significant. Madam Speaker, I am now going to recap and move to close. I appreciate very much the time in a busy schedule and colleagues here tonight. We are here tonight, again, for H.R. 4534, the POSTURE Act, which stops the Obama administration’s drawdown of our land forces—our Army and our Marine Corps. As I mentioned, this is a bipartisan bill—myself and 52 others here in this Chamber, including 42 Republicans and 10 Democrats, led so ably by Sergeant Major Retired Representative TIM W
ALZ, a Democrat from Minnesota. I also want to say that Chairman T
URNER was not able to be here today, but he has been instrumental in not only help craft this, but actually help build support for it for these past sev-eral months. As I mentioned, Madam Speaker, to-night you heard five points why it is so important that we put the POSTURE Act into law and that we stop this drawdown. In the first point we gave some his-torical figures and some context of where we are today. We know that at present our land forces are about at the same size that we were on the 11th of September of 2001. Of course, during the surge, we saw a ramp-up of our land forces, and now we have seen a re-setting of that where we are about at 11th of September of 2001 levels. However, the plan now from the ad-ministration is to continue that draw-down all the way down to pre-World War II levels. That would be done by 2018. That takes an additional 67,000 troops out of the formations. Madam Speaker, we heard, I think, some very significant testimony to-night from some of the speakers. We know that we have senior leaders in our Armed Forces now that have de-scribed this as a very serious risk, very significant risk. And you also heard from Representative W
ALZ when he talked about the Commission on the Future of the Army, which Representa-tive W
ALZ, a humble man, was actually the author for that, the brain for that. We are here today because of his work on that score. The results of that commission, I be-lieve, Madam Speaker, really need to be paid attention to. It was here that not only were we able to get a better understanding of this risk, but also we helped bring together all components of the Army—the regular Army, the National Guard, and the Army Reserve. The Commission on the Future of the Army helped. I also want to reinforce how impor-tant leadership is—our Chief of Staff of the Army, our Secretary of the Army, our Acting Secretary of the Army right now. They have put a major priority on really pulling together everyone that serves in the Army. The same goes for our Secretary of the Navy and for our Commandant of the Marine Corps be-cause this is truly a team effort all the way across. That commission helped chart the way forward. Madam Speaker, the General Ac-counting Office, the GAO’s report that came out just last week, documented what our research has also shown over these several months. That is that there is just too much risk in con-tinuing this drawdown to pre-World War II levels. That was point one. In point two, we talked about the as-sumptions—we heard from all the speakers. Particularly, Mr. RUSSELL fo-cused in on that—how much of the world has changed. We can understand why the administration brought for-ward an argument back initially, but so much has changed since that time. It is clear to all of us that we need to pay attention to that and to adopt the POSTURE Act. We also pointed out this evening that this is not like a light switch. It is not something that we can turn on and turn off. If we decide to move forward with the 67,000 troops, taking them out of the formations, we know that we are looking at 3 to 4 years just to get back to where we are today, Madam Speak-er. That would, I think, really signal to our potential adversaries the wrong message. The fourth point is—and we heard from a couple of the speakers—how im-portant it is that we have the right size formations because that impacts on how often they get sent over into the combat zone and how long they stay. All of this has impacts on families, it has impacts on traumatic brain injury potential, and also posttraumatic stress. That is certainly something that this Chamber is absolutely unified in doing everything we can to support our servicemen and -women. By enact-ing the POSTURE Act, we are also sup-porting our currently serving members and our veterans. The last point—and this has been really made very clear to us by all the leadership in both the Army and the Marine Corps—is how important it is that by preserving this end strength, it has to come with the necessary re-sources so that they are manned, equipped, and trained, and that we look towards the modernization of the force and look towards the future. We have heard from the Congres-sional Budget Office, the CBO. The CBO initially assesses this at $600 million. We understand that there may be a new assessment coming forward short-ly. But as was also mentioned by Ser-geant Major Walz, Representative W
ALZ, our committee is also very keen-ly going through the budget, a budget of over $600 billion, when you look at the Department of Defense and Depart-ment of Energy, the Overseas Contin-gency Fund. We are looking for ways to make sure we do this in the best way possible for the taxpayer. Madam Speaker, I include for the R
ECORD a series of letters of support that we are getting from the Associa-tion of the United States Army, the National Guard Association, and the Reserve Officers Association. We deep-ly appreciate their support. 
ASSOCIATION OF THE  U
NITED STATES ARMY, Arlington, Virginia, 3 March 2016. Hon. C
HRIS GIBSON , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. GIBSON : On behalf of the mem-bers of the Association of the United States Army (AUSA), I write to support your intro-duction of H.R. 4534, the ‘‘Protecting Our Se-curity Through Utilizing Right-Sized End- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.043 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1787 April 18, 2016 
Strength Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘POSTURE Act.’’ At a time when our Army is con-fronting growing threats and increasing operational demands, it would be wise to pause the current budget-driven force reduc-tions and allow the next administration time to assess land force capabilities and needs before determining troop levels, Under current plans, the Regular Army is expected to fall to 475,000 Soldiers by 1 Octo-ber 2016, and then further decrease to 450,000 Soldiers by 1 October 2018. These same plans will also reduce the end strength of our Army National Guard and the Army Reserve. Such a reduction in our landpower capability does not make sense in a time of increased threats and global instability. While the POSTURE Act puts the brakes on budget-driven force reductions, the Army will also face negative consequences if the additional end strength is not funded. During a recent hearing on the Army’s Fiscal Year 2017 budget, Army Chief of Staff GEN Mark Kinney told the Senate Appropriations Com-mittee that stopping the drop in Army end strength without providing funding to cover the additional costs would undermine readi-ness and potentially result in a hollow Army. AUSA looks forward to working with you to advance the POSTURE Act, but urges you to consider ways to provide the additional resources to prepare our Army to face a dan-gerous and Increasingly unstable world. Sincerely, G
ORDON R. S ULLIVAN , General, USA Retired. 
NATIONAL GUARD ASSOCIATION OF  T
HEUNITED STATES , INC. Washington, DC, February 26, 2016. Hon. C
HRIS GIBSON , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. On behalf of the nearly 45,000 members of the National Guard Association of the United States and the approximately 450,000 soldiers and airmen of the National Guard, please accept our sincere thanks for your leadership in introducing the Protecting Our Security Through Utilizing Right-Sized End- Strength (POSTURE) Act of 2016 (H.R. 4534), a bill that would stop the drawdown of U.S. Land Forces. NGAUS strongly supports your legislation. The National Commission on the Future of the Army (NCFA) recommended a minimally sufficient Total Army of 980,000 soldiers; however, it provided no optimal end-strength level. NGAUS testified before the NCFA that the Total Army was at the risk of becoming dangerously small given the current threat environment. Given the velocity of instability, the de-mand for U.S. Land Forces will likely only increase for the foreseeable future. U.S. Land Forces must be sized to address these threats without putting undue stress on our soldiers and marines. We look forward to continuing to work with you to ensure this important legisla-tion becomes law. Thank you, as always, for your continued support for members of the National Guard. Sincerely, G
USHARGETT , Major General (Ret), USA, President. 
RESERVE OFFICERS ASSOCIATION , 1 March 2016. Hon. C
HRIS GIBSON , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN GIBSON : The Reserve Officers Association (ROA) supports your bill H.R. 4534, ‘‘Protecting Our Security Through Utilizing Right-Sized End-Strength Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘POSTURE Act.’’ This bill rec-ognizes the vital contributions of the Re-serve Components and the need to ensure they have the right Fiscal Year 2016 end strength authorized. Since 9/11, more than 900,000 Reserve Com-ponent members have been activated to sup-port Operation Iraqi Freedom, Operation New Dawn, and other contingencies. Despite increased use of the Guard and Reserve, the Congressional Research Service, identified end strength reductions between FY2001 and FY2015. ‘‘Between FY2001 and FY2015, the largest shifts in authorized end strength have oc-curred in the Navy Reserve (¥31,600 or ¥35.5%), Air Force Reserve (¥7,258 or ¥9.8%), and Coast Guard Reserve (¥1,000 or ¥12.5%). A smaller change occurred in the Air National Guard (¥3,022 or ¥2.8%) and Army Reserve (¥3,300 or ¥1.6%), while the authorized end strength for the Army Na-tional Guard (¥326 or ¥0.1%) and the Marine Corps Reserve (¥358 or ¥0.9%) have been largely unchanged during this period, (FY2016 National Defense Authorization Act: Selected Military Personnel Issues, R44120).’’ As stated in the bill, passing this legisla-tion will ensure Guard and Reserve members are available, ‘‘. . . to deter threats, shape the international security 15 environment, respond to emergent situations and crises, and, if necessary, to fight and win the Na-tion’s war, . . .’’ ROA has a membership of 50,000, which rep-resents all the uniformed services of the United States who would be favorably af-fected by your bill. Thank you for your ef-forts on this issue, and past support to the Military. Sincerely, JEFFREY E. P HILLIPS , Executive Director. 
Mr. GIBSON. Lastly, Madam Speak-er, the legislative strategy here is that we have been building out support. Our hope is that when the mark for the na-tional security policy bill, which will be unveiled here in the next couple of weeks, that this bill will be included in the underlying bill because we think it is just so critically important that we get this done this year. Madam Speaker, I thank you for this opportunity to come together with my colleagues to talk about such an im-portant issue for the American people. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
b1945 CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS— ROAD TO RUIN: HOUSE REPUB-LICANS FAIL ON THE BUDGET The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the mi-nority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JEFFRIES. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers be given 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include any extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. JEFFRIES. Madam Speaker, it is an honor and a privilege, once again, to come to the House floor on behalf of the Congressional Black Caucus and join with my distinguished colleague from Ohio, Representative JOYCE  B
EATTY , as we anchor this Congres-sional Black Caucus Special Order—the CBC hour of power—where, for 60 min-utes, we get an opportunity to talk to the American people about issues of great importance to the African Amer-ican community, to our democracy, and, certainly, to our country at large. Today, we are here to discuss, trag-ically, the House GOP’s continued fail-ure to demonstrate the ability to gov-ern in a basic fashion—that is to pass a budget, which is required by statutory law, as of April 15. That deadline has come and gone, and we are still waiting for the House majority to present a budget to this body for our consider-ation. We were told for years by people, in-cluding by the current Speaker of this great House, that the most funda-mental tenet of governing is the pas-sage of a budget. Yet, even with Repub-licans in firm control of both the House and the Senate, it seems that this Con-gress is still unable to get its act to-gether. It is a stunning act of legisla-tive abdication of basic responsibil-ities. We are going to explore that to-night, not just from a procedural standpoint, but from a standpoint of how this is indicative of this majority’s unwillingness and inability to do the business of the American people. It is now my honor and my privilege to yield to my distinguished colleague, my coanchor, my classmate—the al-ways eloquent and effervescent gentle-woman from the great city of Colum-bus in the great State of Ohio, Rep-resentative J
OYCE BEATTY . Mrs. BEATTY. I thank the gen-tleman. I always look forward to engaging in our Congressional Black Caucus’ Spe-cial Order hour and, tonight, for our dialogue, for our debate, on the House Republicans’ repeated failure to pass a budget. First, let me say, as your classmate and colleague, being able to be the voice for your constituents and my constituents and America at large, it is an honor. I think it is so important, when we think about how important the work of this Congress is, for us to take on challenging the House Repub-licans’ road to ruin. Madam Speaker, tonight, the Con-gressional Black Caucus is going to dis-cuss the importance of why we should pass a budget. Not only that, I am sure Mr. J
EFFRIES and I will have a dialogue about the value and the importance of having a budget. As Members of Con-gress and, especially, as members of the Congressional Black Caucus, we know specifically that a budget creates jobs and that it raises the paychecks of hardworking American people while re-ducing the deficit in a balanced and re-sponsible way. Madam Speaker, let me just take a moment to point out that this is not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.019 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1788 April 18, 2016 
the first time that the Congressional Black Caucus has held a Special Order hour on the subject of the Republicans’ inaction. Earlier this year, the Con-gressional Black Caucus came to this House floor and implored the Repub-lican leadership to do its job—the job America wants us to do—and that was to enact commonsense gun control leg-islation. To date, Madam Speaker, Re-publicans have continued to fail the American people by putting forth or by bringing forth commonsense gun con-trol legislation. It is still hanging out there, waiting for action. Now, again, here in the House of Rep-resentatives, the people’s House, we are faced with another instance of Repub-lican failure. Under law, as spelled out in title III of the Congressional Budget Act, Congress is directed to complete actions on the concurrent resolution on the budget by April 15, as we heard Mr. J
EFFRIES remind us. A concurrent resolution on the budget means it is supposed to pass both the Senate and the House, again, by April 15. At this date, neither Chamber has considered a budget resolution for 2017. Madam Speaker, I don’t know about your constituents, but in my district, Ohio’s Third Congressional District, my constituents expect Congress to work; so let’s take a look at it. What happens when people refuse to do their jobs? If postal workers don’t deliver, you don’t get your mail. If farmers don’t farm, people don’t eat. If teachers don’t show up, our children don’t learn. Peo-ple all over America take their jobs se-riously, and they expect us, as their elected officials, to also do that. It is time for House Republicans to get America off the road to ruin and back on the path to prosperity. When Speaker R
YANtook office—this is worth repeating, and Congressman J
EFFRIES mentioned this earlier. When Speaker R
YAN took office, House Re-publicans stated that passing a budget was a basic function of government. However, the statutory deadline of passing a budget resolution by April 15 has come and gone, although House Re-publicans made passing a budget a top priority for this year. In the Repub-licans’ own words, they can’t even ac-complish the basic functions of govern-ment—their job. Madam Speaker, why do we care that we don’t have a budget? Let me give you the answer. The importance of setting a budget is that it lays out the blueprint for the appropriations process. It outlines gov-ernment spending for the year. With-out a budget, we have 12 appropriations bills that are working their way through Congress without there being guiding principles on overall spending. If we cannot as a Congress perform the basic functions of governing, how are we going to tackle the much more com-plicated issues, such as income in-equality, education quality, tuition af-fordability, tax reform, and so many others? Once again, House Republicans have demonstrated the degree to which the sharp division within their Conference is impeding Congress’ ability to work for the American people. Instead of coming together with Democrats to pass a budget resolution that will cre-ate jobs and grow the paychecks of hardworking American families, they have just decided not to pass a budget. This decision was made despite the fact that President Obama submitted his budget request to Congress back in February. As you may remember, Madam Speaker, the Republican ma-jority here in the House of Representa-tives and the Republican-controlled Senate took the unprecedented step of refusing to receive the OMB Director for a formal hearing so as to present the President’s budget. Madam Speaker, how did that turn out for us? We all know how it turned out. The Republican Conference failed the American people, and it set us on a road to ruin by not passing a budget. Mr. JEFFRIES , I look forward to our continuing this dialogue tonight with other members of the Congressional Black Caucus. Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank Congress-woman B
EATTY for a very thorough presentation and for pointing out that the Speaker, himself, and the Repub-lican majority have indicated that they should be judged based on their capacity to complete the basics of their job responsibilities, which in-clude the passage of a budget resolu-tion. In fact, it was then-Congressman R
YAN who, in 2012, stated that failing to enact a budget has serious con-sequences for American families. There are at least three current health crises that we are trying to deal with in America and throughout the world, but Republicans have abdicated their responsibility: the Zika virus, the Flint water crisis, and the opioid addic-tion that is ravaging communities in the inner cities, in suburban America, and all throughout the rural parts of this country; yet House Republicans have failed not just to put forth a budget that would provide a roadmap to deal with these issues, but they have chosen to simply ignore these crises in a manner that represents such a stun-ning departure of what responsible Members of Congress should be doing at this particular point in time. I am thankful that we have been joined by the distinguished gentle-woman from the great Lone Star State, who has always been thoughtful and el-oquent on issues of importance not just to her district, which is anchored in Houston, Texas, but through her mem-bership and leadership on the Home-land Security Committee as well as on the House Judiciary Committee. She has been so thoughtful and effective on a great many issues in the context of our safety, of our well-being, of crimi-nal justice reform, of course, and of the protection of civil liberties—all issues that are fundamental to our democracy in the same way that a budgetary road-map is fundamental to our democracy. Let me yield to Representative SHEI-
LAJACKSON LEE. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank my col-leagues for their eloquence but, more importantly, for the Congressional Black Caucus in its taking up the man-tle of the moral compass of justice. One would argue that justice is tied to our committee, the Judiciary Com-mittee; but as I look at this Congress and as I look at a very small document called the Constitution, one can anchor the responsibilities of this body—of both the House and the Senate—Mr. J
EFFRIES , in the Bill of Rights. I would like to just, very briefly, take us on a journey that indicates that our moral compass is broken because a budget that was supposed to be passed on April 15, by midnight, was not. To the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands, let me thank her. She will have her own distinctive story, in her eloquence, about the fairness to the territories. I listened, as I came in, to the presen-tation by the gentlewoman from Ohio, who knows full well that we need a budget to ensure that there is full em-ployment in America. Then I work ex-tensively with my colleague on the Ju-diciary Committee, and we will not pass or fund prison reform without a budget. I rise today, however, to weave in and out of my comments about the moral compass that is broken to indi-cate that my district—the 18th Con-gressional District in Houston, Texas, and Harris County—is under a terrible emergency disaster. We are under-water. We are again facing an enor-mous rainfall that has been listed as historic and, possibly, as catastrophic. Let me acknowledge my mayor, Mayor Turner, and county judge, Judge Emmett, for the work that has been done so far; and let me indicate two pastors with whom I have just gotten off the phone, Bishop Dixon and Bishop Bady, who are watching hungry people come to a site, looking for food. b2000 As I was speaking to the emergency leadership, they are indicating they were evacuating babies from apart-ments and people were being displaced. So what does that have to do with where we are today and no budget? Well, we know that the President in-troduced his budget a few months ago. Because of his responsibility, we know that Homeland Security was pro-vided funding and FEMA was provided funding to deal with emergency dec-larations of a disaster. My district now needs it more than they have ever needed it. They need it in terms of providing for those imme-diate needs of vulnerable people with-out the resources to have stocked food, medical care, clothing, and also those who may be off work now because of the disaster. So we don’t have a budget. We are not moving along to ensure that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.046 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1789 April 18, 2016 
FEMA, which has seen a lot of disas-ters over the last 2 years, has the nec-essary funding to do their job. That is a broken moral compass. It also reflects the Constitution be-cause we are owed an equal treatment under the law and due process under the Fifth Amendment. There is no due process when I hear that one area is under water and we are not able to get help. Let me also say that, as I watch a broken moral system, I also look at the predicament that we will be in with the Zika virus. Congressman J
EFFRIES has men-tioned the opioid crisis, and we cannot forget the water crisis in Flint, but there is also the water crisis across the Nation. There is hard work that is being done by the Members in Michi-gan and Mr. K
ILDEE . They need a budget to be able to fund the crisis or to help repair the crisis, restorative dollars, that a budget does to give a roadmap to the appropriators. I also know that we are facing an-other potential epidemic, if you will, the Zika virus that is taking control of places like Puerto Rico and other places in the Caribbean, places that we have not yet fully documented. I can assure you that the Gulf Coast States of Florida, Louisiana, and Texas are in the eye of the storm. The President a couple of months ago dutifully and responsibly introduced to this Congress a request of $1.9 billion— no, I didn’t say trillions. I didn’t say 5 billion. I said 1.9 billion—so that the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention can do their job. Mr. J
EFFRIES , colleagues, if we are not doing our job, we need those who have the distinctive responsibility for issues of health and epidemics in this country to be able to do their job. We have now been told by the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention that it is not just in the prestages of pregnancy that the Zika virus can have a severe impact. It is throughout the pregnancy. We also know that they have just deter-mined that it will be severe brain dam-age that will come about. So how irresponsible can it be to not put forward the emergency supple-mental of $1.9 billion? I have sent let-ters to Secretary Burwell. I have sent letters to, obviously, the President of the United States in supporting his ef-forts. I have sent letters to our leader, N
ANCY PELOSI , who has been a cham-pion on these issues of Zika funding. And I have sent a letter to Speaker P
AULRYAN. Might I speak to the Speaker and certainly ask that a half-baked, if I might say, contribution to fighting the Zika virus is not going to work because any taking of monies from other places is going to damage the funding of ma-laria, tuberculosis, and a universal flu vaccine. Yes, it is going to undermine our needed and continued effort of fighting Ebola. Let me finish by simply saying this: Along with the idea of the Zika virus and other crises, when we hear head-lines like this that indicate Americans still don’t see a vibrant labor market, then you know what else is needed under this budget? We need a budget to be able to fully fund the retraining of Americans. I have introduced legislation that will train middle-age or middle-man-agement workers and others and give them a stipend while they are being re-trained for the 21st century jobs. We cannot do that with a budget not passed and an assessment not being made on how we would fund job train-ing. Lastly, the Supreme Court heard a case today dealing with the issues of executive orders and immigration. I would argue that Texas and the other States do not have standing because they are not required to give driver’s licenses or anything else, as the Presi-dent provides a prioritization of who should be deported. I will say to you that, over the years, we have said over and over again to pass comprehensive immigration re-form, which could have been a key ele-ment of a budget revenue to be able to help this country move along. Without a budget and an intelligent discussion about what comprehensive immigration reform would do as an added revenue for this country, here we are mumbling along while Houston re-mains under water, needing resources from FEMA, while the Zika virus is in distress with no monies and while a number of other important issues are not addressed. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. JEFFRIES  for allowing me to spend a moment to at least tie in the Bill of Rights that deal with the very core values of this country. We have let down that basic docu-ment that guarantees equal protection, guarantees a certain freedom to be pro-tected, guarantees that Americans have due process, if you will, and cer-tainly guarantees the freedom of ex-pression so that Americans can speak and be heard. They are speaking, but they are not being heard. What a shame that this budget has not been passed. I am grateful to the Congressional Black Caucus. Let me acknowledge the chairman and say: Let us keep our fight going because we have reason to provide that kind of comfort to the American people. Madam Speaker, Last week, House Repub-licans blew past the statutory deadline for Congress to enact a budget—reflecting appar-ently the belief of the Leadership that their al-ready severe budget proposal was not radical enough to pass through a Republican Majority. The Do-Nothing Republican Congress is back. Instead of coming together with Democrats to pass a budget resolution that will create jobs and grow the paychecks of hard-working American families, Republicans have decided not to pass a budget at all. The Republican-led Budget Committee, at the direction of the House GOP Leadership, put forward the most devastating ‘Road to Ruin’ budget in history, but the Republican majority has rejected the plan as insufficiently severe. Here’s what was too weak to satisfy the rad-ical forces that have seized control of the Re-publican Party; a budget that would: 1. End the Medicare guarantee for seniors; 2. Make $6.5 trillion in cuts—the sharpest cuts ever proposed by the House Budget Committee; 3. Devastate investments in good-paying jobs, education, and American infrastructure; 4. Repeal the Affordable Care Act and dis-mantle the affordable health care of 20 million Americans. Republicans have failed to keep their prom-ise to pass a budget but their goal is still clear: to take us back to the radical trickle-down agenda that shattered our economy and hollowed out the wages of middle-class Ameri-cans. At the same time, House Republicans have done nothing to help the thousands of Ameri-cans struggling to protect their families from the three public health emergencies of the Zika virus, opioid addiction and the Flint Water Crisis: 1. As the House Democratic Leadership wrote to Speaker RYANlast month, these pub-lic health crises require swift and decisive Congressional action. 2. Also last week, Democrats on the Appro-priations Committee wrote to Chairman H
AL R
OGERS (R–KY), requesting an immediate hearing on the Administration’s $1.9 billion emergency supplemental request for Zika, pointing out that ‘‘The Zika virus is a true pub-lic health emergency that has the potential to affect millions of Americans this summer, in-cluding more than two million pregnant women.’’ 3. But House Republicans have responded with nothing but inaction and indifference. Instead of taking action to pass a budget or address urgent public health crises, House Republicans are now wasting a full week grandstanding on the IRS. That’s just the kind of hollow, meaningless posturing the American people have come to expect from the Do-Nothing Republican Con-gress. As NPR notes: Under Republican leadership, the 114th Congress has been ‘‘short on meaty legisla-tion and short on weeks in session . . . But there seems to be plenty of time to think about other things. Last month, one House member introduced a measure that would nationally recognized magic as an art form.’’ Hard-working families deserve a Congress that invests in their future, protects safety, and creates a level-playing field for them and their children to succeed. Democrats will continue to press for a budg-et that creates jobs and raises the paychecks of the American people, while reducing the deficit in a balanced and responsible way. Today, the Supreme -Court heard oral argu-ments in its review of the President’s Immigra-tion Executive Actions, which, as a result of congressional Republicans’ inaction, address our Nation’s broken immigration system and set important priorities in enforcing our immi-gration laws. The President’s executive actions fall well within both the clear legal authority provided by Congress and the Constitution, and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.048 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1790 April 18, 2016 
well-established precedents of immigration ac-tions by every Democrat and Republican President for the last 50 years. 1. Six Republican presidents have used the same clear authority to make our immigration enforcement priorities better fit our values as a people and our needs as a nation; 2. Past presidents have routinely acted in the face of Congressional inaction; 3. Numerous noted legal scholars have found that the President’s actions are well within his legal authority. The Immigration Executive Actions follow the same constitutional and legal precedent used by every Administration—Republican and Democratic—since President Eisenhower. Just as Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush did before him, President Obama took executive action to make our im-migration system better meet the needs of our country and better reflect our values as Ameri-cans. As former Republican Senator Richard Lugar wrote in the New York Times: ‘‘. . . whether or not you like President Obama’s actions, he has operated under long-standing provisions of law that give the execu-tive branch discretion in enforcement. This presidential prerogative has been recognized explicitly by the Supreme Court.’’ Democrats stand for restoring sense to our utterly broken immigration system—so that we stop tearing apart families and separating par-ents from their children. Last month, House and Senate Democrats filed our own amicus brief with the Supreme Court in support of the President’s Immigration Executive Actions. We are confident that the Supreme Court will affirm these vital immigration reforms and allow the President’s steps to start fixing our immigration system to move forward. While Republicans stand with Donald Trump’s incendiary anti-immigrant agenda, Democrats will continue to champion the com-prehensive immigration reform our nation needs. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from Texas. She raises several important points. One of the things that has struck me during my time here in Congress is that, under Republican reign, we have consistently seen government by crisis on one issue after the next. From the group of people that spend so much time messaging the point to the American people that they believe in fiscal responsibility, where is the fiscal responsibility in failing to put forth a budget consistent with the law that you supported? The other thing that amazes me—and the gentlewoman from Texas raised the point about the Supreme Court case that was argued earlier today on the immigration executive order issued by the President—I sit on the Judiciary Committee along with the Honorable S
HEILA JACKSON LEEand we hear al-most every week about how lawless this President allegedly has been in terms of his time in office. Now, it is interesting to consistently hear the lectures about how lawless this President has allegedly been from people who believe that President Barack Obama exceeded his authority on January 20, 2009, the moment that he took the oath of office because there are folks who still cannot believe that this man is the President and leader of the free world. So I never buy that law-lessness argument. This is a group now that supports es-sentially undermining the Constitution over in the other house of this Con-gress. The President has done his job in putting forth the Supreme Court nomi-nee, who is clearly qualified not ac-cording to Members of the Congres-sional Black Caucus, but according to ORRIN HATCH himself, one of the lead-ing Members of the Senate Judiciary Committee, amongst others. The lawlessness is not taking place at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. It is tak-ing place right here in the United States Congress under the leadership of House and Senate Republicans. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. JEFFRIES. I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me just finish my point by saying that the reason why the budget is not here is because they could not muster the votes of the majority and they could not muster them even though their budget ended Medicare, it took $6.5 trillion in cuts from the overall budget, it devastated good-paying jobs, edu-cation, American infrastructure, and, again, it repealed the Affordable Care Act and dismantled the Affordable Care Act for 20 million people. Even with those poison pills to draw in support for some kind of budget that would fit within the law, their respon-sibility or the responsibility of Con-gress—they are in the majority—they could not pass or get on the floor a budget. Clearly, the moral compass is bro-ken. More importantly, it denies equal protection under the law, in my inter-pretation, of millions of Americans de-pending on this Congress doing its job. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the thoughtful observations of the gentlewoman from Texas. I think we want to bring Representa-tive S
TACY PLASKETT into this con-versation in terms of the stunning in-ability to present a budget. As Representative J
ACKSON LEEsaid, what else is there to do in terms of sat-isfying the extreme elements of your party? Privatize Social Security and throw older people out of their homes across the country? What else can you do? We are going to explore some of these draconian cuts that were in a budget that apparently is not extreme enough. I yield to the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ), my good friend and colleague by way of Brooklyn, New York, I point out. We are so thankful for her presence here in the Congress. It is my honor now to yield to her. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman J
EFFRIES and I thank the Congressional Black Caucus for giving us this opportunity to al-ways be the conscience of this Con-gress. I want to thank the gentleman for his tireless efforts to raise awareness on not just the Committee on the Judi-ciary, but all of the work that he does. This group has come together this evening to talk about the fact that once again the Republicans have cre-ated a road to ruin in their budget fail-ure. We talked about the fact that this Republican Congress has blown past the statutory deadline to enact a budg-et last week, reflecting, apparently, the belief of the leadership that their already severe budget proposal was not even radical enough to pass through this Republican majority. The gentleman talked about some of the draconian measures that were al-ready in the budget that they had pro-posed, which seems to have not been sufficient enough for their caucus. At the direction of the House GOP leadership, the Budget Committee put forth one of the most devastating budg-ets in history and the majority re-jected that plan as insufficient, which can only lead us to believe that it was not even severe enough for them. Some of the things that were in that budget were an end to a Medicare guar-antee for seniors, makes $6.5 trillion in cuts—the sharpest cuts ever proposed by the House Budget Committee—dev-astates investments in good-paying jobs, education, and American infra-structure, repeals the Affordable Care Act and dismantling the affordable health care of 20 million Americans. Now, as expressed by the gentle-woman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ), in February, the administration, our President, requested support for Amer-icans through the budget that he sub-mitted to this Congress, which pro-vided support for education, job train-ing support, bolstering our obligation to seniors, real tools for growth for the territories in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and others by inclusion in the Affordable Care Act and expansion of Medicare. But it seems that the Republicans have failed their promise to pass a budget, never mind even listen to or hear the head of OMB on that budget. Their goal is still clear, to take us back to radical, trickle-down agenda that shattered our economy in the past and hollowed out the wages of middle- class Americans. At that same time, House Repub-licans have done nothing to help the thousands of Americans struggling to protect their families from the three public health crises the chief spoke of: Zika, the opioid addict addictions, and the Flint water crisis. In Virgin Is-lands, Puerto Rico, Florida, and now even Texas, this is a real crisis con-cerns the Zika virus. Last week, Democrats on the Appro-priations Committee wrote to Chair-man H
ALROGERS requesting an imme-diate hearing on the administration’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.018 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1791 April 18, 2016 
1.9 billion emergency supplemental re-quest for Zika, pointing out that: ‘‘The Zika virus is a true public health emer-gency that has the potential to affect millions of Americans this summer, in-cluding more than 2 million pregnant women.’’ What did that committee do? Abso-lutely nothing. Not even the respect of a hearing. They have not responded to anything but just their inaction and indifference. b2015 Instead of taking action to pass a budget or address urgent public health crises, the House Republicans are now wasting a full week grandstanding on the IRS. That is just the kind of hol-low, meaningless posturing the Amer-ican people have come to expect from this Congress. Hardworking families deserve a Con-gress that invests in their future, pro-tects their safety, creates a level play-ing field for them and their children to succeed. Democrats will continue to press for a budget that creates jobs, raises the paychecks, creates opportu-nities for American people while reduc-ing the deficit in a balanced and re-sponsible way. I look forward to hearing, with the rest of my colleagues, their thoughts on this budget process and even pos-sibly solutions for us as American peo-ple to come away with a clear budget that creates growth and opportunities for Americans. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative P
LASKETT . She raised several important points. She noted that our colleagues on the other side of the aisle continue to embrace this no-tion of trickle-down economics, which is sort of the foundation of many of the slash-and-burn cuts that are contained in at least a budget document that has been passed in prior years and the doc-ument that was put forth by the Com-mittee on the Budget this year, this be-lief that if you lower the tax rate for millionaires and billionaires, that it will result in some residual benefit to the American people. But there is an irony in the embrace even of that term, ‘‘trickle-down economics.’’ With the leadership of Representa-tive B
OBBY SCOTT and others, the CBC has consistently put forth a budget de-signed to open the floodgates of pros-perity for working class Americans and middle class folks all throughout this country, but what the Republicans want to do is trickle-down economics. The only thing that you get with that philosophy, you may get a trickle, but you are guaranteed to stay down. We are thankful that Representative S
COTT for so many years has consist-ently put forth through his leadership a budget from the Congressional Black Caucus designed to be both fiscally re-sponsible and consistent with our ideals as a country that looks out for the least of those amongst us. Let me now yield to the distin-guished representative from the Com-monwealth of Virginia, Mr. BOBBY  S
COTT. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for getting the title of our State correct. I thank the gentleman from New York and the gentlewoman from Ohio for yielding and organizing tonight’s Spe-cial Order. Last week, the House of Representa-tives failed to pass a budget by the statutorily mandated date of April 15. This failure is unfortunate for our budget process, but perhaps not unfor-tunate for the American people because no budget is better than the proposed Republican budget that would have been brought to the floor. Our Nation’s budget reflects prior-ities, but the Republican budget only highlights the wrong priorities. The budget the House Republicans wanted to bring to the floor would be even more devastating to students, working families, and seniors than their pre-vious proposals. The Republican budget would end the Medicare guarantee for seniors by con-verting Medicare into a voucher pay-ment that would not keep pace with medical inflation, shifting billions of dollars in medical costs onto our senior citizens. The Republican budget would repeal the Affordable Care Act and would jeopardize the health insurance for millions of Americans, even though the budget assumes all of the revenue col-lected by the Affordable Care Act to pay for the Affordable Care Act, all of those taxes remain in the budget. The Republican budget includes a total of $6.5 trillion in spending cuts, largely unspecified. If this level of cuts were ever made, it would devastate our investments and jobs, education, re-search, and would essentially eliminate any new transportation projects. On top of these devastating cuts to vital programs that support and uplift hardworking American families, the Republican budget calls for trillions of dollars in tax cuts that would pri-marily benefit millionaires and billion-aires, and then they claim the tax cuts would be revenue neutral, suggesting that we are to believe that trillions of dollars in new taxes would be imposed to pay for those tax cuts for the wealthy. But despite this, the Repub-lican budget is not a credible plan. Are we really going to dismantle Medicare? Are we really going to cut hundreds of billions of dollars out of education and job training and trans-portation? Are we really going to raise trillions of dollars in new taxes to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy? I don’t think so. But the House lead-ership couldn’t even secure enough votes for this budget proposal because a faction of their conference wanted even deeper, unrealistic spending cuts. Budgeting is about making tough choices, and the only choice the Repub-licans seem to have made with the budget proposal is that we can only balance the budget on the backs of stu-dents, workers, seniors, the disabled, and vulnerable communities across the Nation while cutting taxes for the wealthy. The Congressional Black Caucus knows that is not the right choice. That is why, as we have done for the last 30 years, we have diligently pre-pared our own budget alternative to the Republican budget, which we would have offered as an amendment to the Republican budget if they had brought up their proposal. The CBC budget chooses to invest in programs that we know will grow our economy and ensure that every Amer-ican family is able to prosper. Our budget proposes a comprehensive jobs program, totaling $500 billion over 3 years that will accelerate our eco-nomic recovery and ensure that it reaches virtually every community in America while also investing in what will guarantee America’s long-term economic competitiveness. This jobs plan includes funding for direct jobs creation programs, school modernization, jobs for teachers and first responders, immediate invest-ments in our Nation’s crumbling infra-structure, assistance for neighborhoods and families still reeling from the housing crisis, job training programs, and summer jobs. Our budget calls for significant and sustained investments—approximately $300 billion over the next decade— above the President’s request for pro-grams that have been instrumental in lifting millions of Americans out of poverty. Some of these proposals in-clude restoration of cuts to the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program, expanding access to affordable housing, increasing access to quality and afford-able education, increasing funding for job training and Trade Adjustment As-sistance, adjusting the earned income tax credit and child tax credit to infla-tion, as well as decreasing the age where you can benefit for the earned income tax credit down to 21 years of age. Thanks to the leadership of Congress-man J
IMCLYBURN , our budget also en-sures that Federal resources are tar-geted more efficiently toward eradi-cating poverty by targeting Federal spending toward persistent areas of poverty through the 10–20–30 formula. Our budget also includes more than $340 billion above the President’s re-quest for education over the next dec-ade. This additional money will help make college more affordable by in-creasing the Pell grant, fully funding the President’s free community college program, reducing interest rates on student loans, and financing other pro-posals to ensure that no student grad-uates from college saddled with un-manageable debt. The CBC budget also provides much- needed funding for families of Flint, Michigan, to help address the short- term and long-term cognitive and be-havioral development of children ex-posed to high lead levels. However, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.050 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1792 April 18, 2016 
Congressional Black Caucus appre-ciates, unfortunately, that Flint is not the only community in America im-pacted by lead exposure. This is why our budget includes funds to help not only Flint, but also other communities across the Nation deal with the effects of lead exposure. Unlike the Republican budget, the CBC budget clearly shows how we pay for these additional investments. Our budget sets a new revenue target of $4 trillion over the next 10 years above the current revenue baseline. To dem-onstrate how this is achievable and re-alistic, our budget suggests several spe-cific alternatives, totaling $7 trillion, that the House and Senate committees can choose from to reach that target. We ask for $4 trillion in new addi-tional and specifically outline at least $7 trillion to choose from. We do this by specifically talking about closing specific corporate loopholes, treating capital gains and dividends as regular income, a reasonable fee for financial transactions, restoring the estate tax to levels paid over a few years ago, spe-cific items where you can choose from and, in fact, if we just cancel the Bush- era tax cuts, we would have almost $4 trillion in new revenue right there. At the end of the day, our budget re-alistically reduces the deficit by ap-proximately $3.2 trillion over the next decade compared to the Congressional Budget Office’s March 2016 baseline. The CBC budget chooses investments in America’s children and workers, pro-tects our most vulnerable commu-nities, and changes the wrong choices offered by the Republican majority. I hope that we will have an oppor-tunity to debate these issues if the House Republicans are ever able to bring their road-to-ruin budget to a full House vote. Again, I thank the gentleman from New York for yielding. Mr. JEFFRIES. Would the gentleman indulge one question? It was mentioned during that very thorough presentation of what is con-tained in the CBC budget the 10–20–30 program, and of course 10–20–30, an ini-tiative that has been championed by the CBC through the leadership of Rep-resentative J
IMCLYBURN , would put forth a formula where 10 percent of the funding allocation would go to counties where 20 percent of the population has been living below the poverty line for 30 or more years. Is that correct? Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. That is cor-rect. If you look at that, those counties and areas are spread all over the coun-try, and if we are ever going to eradi-cate poverty, we have to target it to the high poverty areas, and 10–20–30 does exactly that. Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank the distin-guished gentleman. In fact, what Rep-resentative C
LYBURN has consistently pointed out, which I think is important in an era where we are trying to find common ground and deal with the problems confronting the American people, if you look at a breakdown of persistently poor counties across the country and overlay that with congres-sional districts, a majority of those counties are actually represented by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. This is something that we believe should be embraced by the Speaker and our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, as it would benefit, by the num-bers, the constituents that they rep-resent even more so than those of us within the CBC or on this side of the aisle. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. That is ex-actly true. I thank the gentleman very much for pointing that out. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative SCOTT. Let me now ask my colleague, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ), to just react to some of what we have heard. One of the things that I thought was interesting in the presentation related to this budget is that if you look at the numbers, they are so extreme. I was on the Committee on the Budget during my first 2 years in Congress, but these numbers are even more extreme than what I remember in the 113th Congress. The budget apparently will cut $157 bil-lion from the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program over a 10-year pe-riod. The Republican budget that came out of the committee would cut roughly $2 trillion from Medicaid. When I was on the committee, the number was $700 million. I thought that was out of con-trol, $700 million. Now we are at $2 tril-lion over a 10-year period apparently. And then we have got cuts in higher education. The proposal is $185 billion over 10 years. You have to ask the question: Why would anyone propose such draconian cuts? The answer is clear. This is not some-thing that is often talked about, but the objective is to create a situation where you can dramatically lower the tax rates for the wealthiest amongst us. The top tax rate right now is 39.6 percent, but what the budget that has been put forth by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would do is that it would create two tax rates, one at 10 and the other at 25 percent. So what you will see is a tax cut that goes from 39.6 percent to 25 percent. The way that you balance a budget and pay for it is on the backs of work-ing families, the middle class, senior citizens, children, the disabled, the poor, the afflicted, and everybody else who doesn’t fall into the category of millionaire or billionaire. b2030 Now, you wonder how it could be pos-sible that anyone could think that they could get away with such a draco-nian budget. Well, again, the argument is trickle-down economics. But what I found fascinating—and maybe you could react to this, Rep-resentative B
EATTY —is that if you ac-tually look at a side-by-side compari-son of the economy 8 years under President Clinton with a side-by-side comparison of the economy 8 years under George W. Bush, and then a side- by-side comparison of the economy 8 years under President Obama, I think it is pretty clear who actually has been the responsible fiscal stewards. There were 20.3 million jobs created under the Clinton Presidency. America lost 650,000 jobs in 8 years under the Bush Presidency. America has now gained more than 14 million private sector jobs under 8 years of the Obama Presidency. What has been demonstrated is that the argument that if you lower tax rates, you create economic prosperity, is phony. Because Bill Clinton raised the top tax rate to 39.6 percent. It didn’t seem to adversely impact the economy. In fact, it was humming be-tween 1992 and 2000. George Bush comes to office, lowers the tax rate for high- income earners from 39.6 percent to 35 percent. We had the greatest recession in the history of modern America; the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. President Obama comes into office and he raises the top tax rate again from 35 to 39.6, more than 14 million jobs are created, the unemployment rate has dropped under his tenure from over 10 percent to 5 percent, the deficit has been reduced by more than a tril-lion dollars. The stock market has gone from 6,000 to over 16,000. Now it is up to 18,000. I haven’t been in the 401(k) system as long as Congressman SCOTT, who clearly is monitoring the situa-tion. So the prosperity numbers have been phenomenal. I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ) for her reaction. Mrs. BEATTY. I think Mr. J
EFFRIES  and our other colleagues have said it so well, but here is what I am afraid of. I think the Republicans—the GOP— want to take us down to the radical trickle-down agenda that shattered our economy and hollowed out the wages of middle class, hardworking Americans. You said it all with that comparison from Clinton to Bush to now President Obama. And I could add to that long list: some 18 million people with health insurance; women having some of the best healthcare opportunities, getting mammograms for those who are under- and uninsured. We are able to have col-lege students stay on their parent’s in-surance. So I think when we look at what is happening, there are billions of dollars that they want to do away with in pro-grams. And we can add to that: the $185 billion from Federal college aid for low-income students or the $150 billion from the Supplemental Nutrition As-sistance Program, or SNAP. Many of my constituents refer to that as their food stamps. And certainly, but for the Congressional Black Caucus, those members on the Agriculture Com-mittee, those Members in leadership fighting for us to restore those dollars, I think it is quite simple. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.052 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1793 April 18, 2016 
I think what we are hearing tonight from our members of the Congressional Black Caucus is that they are trying to take us back in history. They are try-ing to take us back to an era of time, and we are not going to let them do that. We have too much at stake. We have gained so much. Someone may ask us tonight: Why are we here? Why are we the conscience of the Congress, Mr. Speaker? Why are we here tonight talking about the road to ruin and destruction by not having a congressional budget? I think the facts speak for them-selves. I think that the American pub-lic needs to know that this is not some-thing that just affects the Congres-sional Black Caucus. I want that to be clear. This affects America. You mentioned it with Mr. C
LYBURN ’s 10–20–30. The fact is more individuals who don’t look like members of the Congressional Black Caucus will ben-efit. And that is the difference between Democrats and Republicans. We care about all people. They profess to have hearings on pov-erty, and then when you look at the re-sults of their own budget and what they are doing to those individuals who live in poverty—chuckle we may, clear our voice, Mr. Speaker, as we may—the facts speak for themselves. They are not creating programs that will help us eliminate poverty. And it is as simple as that. Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank you for lay-ing that out. And I think history can be judged by objective observers as it relates to fiscal responsibility. But a few facts that perhaps some in the Chamber may have had amnesia about, but maybe it bears going through. Sequestration and painful budget cuts as it relates to the extreme agen-da of some here in the Congress have been brought to us in a manner that has cost us both jobs and the ability to experience accelerated financial growth. We saw in the aftermath of a severe economic shock the approach that was taken by our friends over in Europe of extreme austerity did not bear finan-cial fruit. It was the stimulus package that was put forth—with not a single vote from anyone on the other side of the aisle—that was actually the finan-cially responsible approach taken to help deal with the train wreck that President Obama inherited and to get the economy back on track. But, of course, the objective from the very beginning—not my words, but the words of the Senate majority leader on the other side of the Capitol—was to make the President a one-term Presi-dent. I just don’t even understand the phi-losophy of a President who takes of-fice, inherits the worst economy since the Great Depression, and the number one agenda is to make sure that he is a one-term President. But that was an unsuccessful political endeavor. He gets a second term. The first thing that some of my good friends on the other side of the aisle de-cide to do, as we approach the end of the fiscal year in 2013, was to shut down the government for 16 days. It cost us $24 billion in lost economic pro-ductivity. That is not hyperbole. Those are facts. And what was it all for? Because there is this obsession—per-haps clinical in nature—with the Af-fordable Care Act. This is why we voted more than 50 times to destroy it, defeat it, delay it, and do everything possible to stop it. What could be possibly wrong with making sure that preexisting condi-tions don’t prevent someone here in the greatest country in the history of the world from being able to get ade-quate medical care? What is wrong with more than 20 million previously uninsured Americans actually having health care? Yet, in the budget that apparently is not extreme enough, we would take away the Affordable Care Act. So these are just some of the facts. I wish we had some more time to explore it. That is not hyperbole. Historians will judge this Presidency and this Congress. I, of course, am of the belief that many will conclude that this is a Congress that has majored in obstruc-tion, minored in dysfunction, and done everything possible to pursue a degree in legislative malpractice to the det-riment of the American people. And I am hopeful that we can just get back on track and try to find common ground to do the business of the Amer-ican people, which is why each and every one of us was sent here to the people’s House. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Republican controlled House has once again missed a key deadline when it failed to pass a budget resolution before April 15. Despite promises to the contrary, House Speaker P
AULRYAN has been unable to bring a budget resolution to the floor in a timely fashion. This is simply unacceptable. Completing a budget resolution is an impor-tant step in the budget process that will lay out Congress’ spending priorities and create a uni-fied vision for a more prosperous nation. While Democrats have endeavored to work coopera-tively with Republicans to pass a comprehen-sive budget resolution, Speaker R
YAN has in- sisted on pushing a budget that divides our country while further slashing critical invest-ments aimed at strengthening our economy. The Republican budget reflects the needs of only a select few instead of the views and pri-orities of every American and places the bur-den of deficit reduction squarely on the backs of middle and working class Americans. It is clear that our most vulnerable segments of the population—the elderly, minorities, low- income earners, and others—have been most impacted by the Great Recession. Yet this lat-est Republican budget resolution continues to reflect the failed economic worldview that wealth will trickle down when we give massive tax breaks to the wealthy. Time and time again, history has demonstrated that this is simply untrue. It is unfortunate that the Republican-con-trolled Congress today is subjecting millions of hard-working families to even greater pres-sures to work longer hours for less pay, while we continue to prop up the wealthiest earners and biggest corporations with tax breaks and other loopholes. The Republican budget ex-emplifies these principles and drives the wedge deeper between the wealthy and our most vulnerable. Mr. Speaker, I believe our nation is on a dangerous path under this Republican leader-ship. Congress should be working to create jobs and increase pay for hard-working Amer-ican families, not giving additional tax breaks to the wealthy and cutting spending for key social programs The Republicans have long abandoned their commitment to pass a budget resolution that reflects the needs of all Ameri-cans. Thus, I am strongly urging my col-leagues to support fiscally sound and morally responsible budget alternatives that will create a level playing field and new opportunities for every American. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. LOUDERMILK ). The Chair would remind Members that remarks in debate may not engage in personalities toward the President, including by repeating re-marks made elsewhere that would be improper if spoken in the Member’s own words. 
f 
RESTORING ARTICLE I CONSTITU-TIONAL POWER TO CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) for 30 minutes. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks on this evening’s Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, if Congress does not assert its constitutional au-thority, we risk becoming obsolete in the eyes of an Executive that would prefer to legislate with a phone and a pen as a replacement for this body. Thank you to all my colleagues who join me this evening, and may God bless America. Every day, before Members of Con-gress meet to conduct official business, we gather to recite the Pledge of Alle-giance to the United States of Amer-ica. We place our right hand over our hearts and promise to our colleagues, our constituents, and all Americans that we will uphold the rule of law. This very law is the very vehicle that has ensured liberty and justice for all even being a possibility: the rule of law. Unfortunately, this administra-tion seems intent on operating outside the rule of law. It insists upon circum-venting Congress by changing laws and legislating from the Oval Office, not from Capitol Hill. Time and again, the American people have had to bear witness to the blatant disrespect this administration has for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.053 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1794 April 18, 2016 
our Constitution. In my heart, I believe this disrespect is on full display in the embattled fight Congress and the American people find themselves in today with the executive branch at the Supreme Court. This morning, the Supreme Court heard oral arguments in the United States v. Texas case, including 25 other States. To some, this case is simply an argument over whether or not you are pro-illegal immigration. Let me repeat that. You are pro-illegal immigration or not. To others, this case is about keeping families together. To many, like myself, it is about protecting the dignity of our Constitution and the balance of powers within the three branches of government. The United States v. Texas is about the rule of law and defending the integ-rity of our great institution of govern-ment. We are a constitutional Repub-lic. And yet, the President’s mass de-ferred action on deportation of individ-uals residing within our country ille-gally would make it seem more like we are living in a dictatorship. The Constitution is clear on the issues of legislation. Article I, section 1 explicitly states: ‘‘All legislative pow-ers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and a House of Representatives.’’ Let that sink in for a moment. ‘‘All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and a House of Representatives.’’ Article I, section 8, clause 4: ‘‘to es-tablish a uniform rule of naturaliza-tion.’’ That is solely the responsibility of this body. Take notice of the ab-sence of any reference to the executive office, executive branch, or judicial branch. Article II, section 3, however, states that the President ‘‘shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed.’’ It is referred to as the Take Care Clause. That the laws be faithfully exe-cuted, not established, not rewritten, not selectively enforce portions of law, but to take care that the laws are faithfully executed. b2045 That power is still delegated to Con-gress just as it was over two centuries ago. If the Supreme Court upholds the ad-ministrative executive action, I fear that our Republic—that is the United States—will die. We will see an end of a Nation that started by fending off tyranny. We will see the end of a Na-tion which has withstood a civil war, two world wars, and countless terrorist attacks. Terrorists hate the United States simply because of the manner through which we have prospered under the freedoms enshrined in the Constitu-tion. Again, the success of our Nation is because we are a land and a Nation of laws. I urge all of my colleagues in the House and the Senate to not falter in their defense of the founding principles upon which this great Nation was built. Interesting, today, at the Supreme Court, I was there to speak on these very topics. Many pro-illegal immi-grants were present, and I found it very interesting they were shouting, dem-onstrating, exercising freedom of speech, freedom of speech and dem-onstrating in America, simply because we have a Constitution that protects that. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
RAT), my good friend and colleague. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to discuss the case being heard before the Supreme Court, United States v. Texas, and the President’s unconstitu-tional executive actions on immigra-tion and the need for the restoration of the balance of powers between the branches of government. This case is the challenge to President Obama’s ex-ecutive actions for illegal immigrants, the so-called Deferred Action for Par-ents of Americans and Lawful Perma-nent Residents, otherwise known as DAPA, an expansion of the earlier De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, otherwise known as DACA. The lawsuit was brought by Governors and attor-neys general from the Texas Supreme Court and 25 other States. That is sig-nificant, in and of itself. Under these unconstitutional pro-grams, President Obama claims the right to, by executive fiat, make an il-legal immigrant ‘‘lawfully present.’’ Let me say that again real slow. The President claims, by right, by execu-tive fiat, to make an illegal immigrant ‘‘lawfully present’’ in the United States and eligible to receive a work permit after an application is reviewed and a fee is paid. This is straight out of ‘‘1984.’’ The language is upside down. The government is handing out work per-mits and making illegal immigrants el-igible to work in the United States as well as receive Social Security, unem-ployment, and disability benefits. But this only hurts American citizens and taxpayers. What has Congress done about this? Not enough. The real issue in this case is not dis-cretion, but whether or not there is any limit at all on Presidential power. The Founders recognized these dis-tinctions, and they made Congress the first branch among equals of the Fed-eral Government and the most ac-countable branch to the American peo-ple—and thus, Article I, not II. The Congress is Article I. The Founders created a system of checks and balances to ensure no indi-vidual could gain absolute power with-in the government without a check, not even George Washington, whom they all loved. Under our Constitution, the Congress is entrusted with ‘‘all legislative pow-ers’’—all, including the power ‘‘to es-tablish a uniform rule of naturaliza-tion.’’ The Founders drafted the Constitu-tion to clearly state that it is not the President who writes the laws; Con-gress does. Much of the President’s job is to faithfully execute these laws passed by Congress. In fact, neither any immigration law nor the Constitu-tion empowers the Executive to au-thorize, let alone facilitate, the viola-tion of the laws passed by Congress. The President even acknowledged this 22 times on TV before using his pen and phone to act alone without Congress. This imbalance of powers is a threat to self-government itself. Our inaction, time and again, has expanded the ad-ministrative state and left the Amer-ican people without a voice in Wash-ington. The Presidential elections on both sides of the aisle are making this abundantly clear. For starters, we can advocate for re-forms in four principled areas: reclaim-ing Congress’ power of the purse, re-forming executive-empowering legisla-tive ‘‘cliffs,’’ restoring congressional authority over regulations and regu-lators, and reining in executive discre-tion. I have sponsored simple legislation to do just that: return power back to Con-gress. I introduced a bill to reform this process with the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, USCIS, the pri-mary agency for implementing the President’s immigration executive order. USCIS funds itself through applica-tion fees, which insulates it from the will of the American people as ex-pressed through their Representatives in Congress. Congress cannot effec-tively exercise its powers through the appropriations process to perform basic oversight functions and ensure the agency is executing the laws faithfully. My proposal, the Use Spending for Congressional Immigration Super-vision, USCIS, Act, will make unac-countable agencies like the U.S. Citi-zenship and Immigration Services ac-countable to Congress and, therefore, accountable to the American people. Putting USCIS on appropriations en-sures that unelected bureaucrats are held accountable and provides trans-parency for how the Federal Govern-ment is raising and spending your money. Congress needs to reassert its power of the purse by making agency budgets subject to appropriations, but we can-not stop there. There is more Congress has to do to restore Congress’ power to hold the executive branch accountable. The Constitution still gives Congress all its powers. It is up to Congress to step up and start using them. Mr. YOHO. I thank the gentleman for his comments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. King). Mr. KING of Iowa. I thank the gen-tleman from Florida for organizing this Special Order, for his leadership, for his constitutional convictions, and for the opportunity to address you tonight, Mr. Speaker, here on the floor of the House of Representatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.055 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1795 April 18, 2016 
I am listening to this dialogue that is taking place here on the floor, and this thought occurred to me that, several years ago, our borders are so open and our borders are so porous, and we have a President who has refused to enforce the law. In fact, he sends the message through his executive branch, if you are determined to enforce the law and you are a member of the Border Patrol, you had better find another job. I mean, that came out of the President and his leadership team all the way on down to our Border Patrol agents. I have been down to the border a good number of times, and I have watched as people come across the bor-der in broad daylight, float across there in a raft. They get unloaded, stand there on the grass on our side of the river, and wait for the Border Pa-trol to come down with a welcome wagon and say: Would you like to apply for asylum? And, by the way, one of them was a pregnant lady, and so I am sure by now she has her asylum, or at least that baby is an American citizen. Our borders are so porous that, in order to illustrate how bad they are, we had James O’Keefe, who went down and put on an Osama bin Laden mask and walked across the border. Nobody bothered him. There was another individual that thought: I will make a bigger show of it. I will hire a mariachi band, and he rode a circus elephant across the Rio Grande River. That is how bad our bor-der is. Now, here is how bad our law and our Constitution are. The mariachi band was serenading the Supreme Court today, Mr. Speaker, to try to convince them that we ought to see the Supreme Court rewrite law that Congress has written, that has been signed by a pre-vious President, and every President since then has taken the oath to take care that the laws be faithfully exe-cuted, to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. This constitutional balance that we have has seen a Supreme Court rewrite ObamaCare. So now they have the au-dacity to rewrite the law, and they are the ones that are deciding today, with eight Justices, sadly—sadly, not 9—as to whether or not the President of the United States can do what the Su-preme Court did, in other words, re-write the law. The President of the United States, 22 times, as the previous speaker, Mr. B
RAT, said, told America he doesn’t have the constitutional authority to grant the amnesty, the executive am-nesty that he did, whether it be DACA or whether it be DAPA. But then, after he deliberated for awhile, he checked his conscience. That didn’t bother him. We shouldn’t be amazed at that, Mr. Speaker. He already knew the Con-stitution. He lectured it to us. But what he checked was his politics, and his question was: Can he get away with it? Is there an enforcement capacity that could stop him? Well, he hadn’t met yet Judge Hanen in Texas who, if these Justices in the Supreme Court deadlock 4–4, the Presi-dent’s executive amnesty, at least for DAPA, is going to be stalled for the du-ration of his administration. And so this prosecutorial discretion argument before the Court today that the Obama administration very well knew was the center of this case—and that prosecutorial discretion can be conferred on an individual basis only. That was the testimony of Janet Napolitano; and in the first Morton memo document, there were multiple references to an individual basis only. Her testimony was an individual basis only. But even the first document set out four categories, groups of people, whom the law would be waived for, and that is what we are talking about here. Who writes the law? If the President writes the law, how could we write one that would restrain this President that is out of line? Let’s preserve our Con-stitution, and let’s look forward to an appointment to the Supreme Court that actually means it when they take their oath as we do ours. Mr. YOHO. I thank my colleague from Iowa for such great remarks and your passion and your leadership. It was great to see you in front of the Su-preme Court today speaking passion-ately about this issue. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my good friend from the great State of South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for doing this. I think it is such an important issue. I think that, as has been mentioned by a couple of speakers now, what is really at play here is a constitutional issue. The Founding Fathers were so emphatically clear that there were to be three different pieces of pie. There was to be an executive branch that ad-ministered the law, a legislative branch that created it, and a judicial branch that interpreted it. There is this amazing reservoir of common sense that exists out there with the American public. So what peo-ple told me back home is this is not about being against somebody from some other place. This is not about being against Hispanics. This is, in fact, about the rule of law and a sys-tem that our Founding Fathers gave us more than 200 years ago and how we preserve it. And how we preserve it is by actually sticking to it. Ultimately, the issue has less to do with immigra-tion than it does to do with this larger notion of common sense and rule of law. I would also stress the common sense part. I remember back in the O.J. Simpson trial, there was this whole no-tion of, if the glove doesn’t fit, you can’t acquit. In this case, the glove doesn’t fit from the standpoint of com-mon sense. I actually had my staff pull up a cou-ple of numbers this afternoon, and I think that they are fascinating, and here is what I mean by that. The num-bers don’t fit with the scale of every other amnesty that has been done for more than the last 50 years. Think about this. The amnesties that this President has proposed, in total, are about 51⁄2million people. That is more than all of the cumulative amnes-ties for the last 53 years, going back all the way to the time of Eisenhower. In fact, the average amnesty was about 32,000 people in size. We have all always been a Nation that has been welcoming; we have in-cluded other people. So if you look back at the El Salvadorans that Clin-ton and Bush allowed in, based on civic conflict and real civil war down that way, if you look at the Persian Gulf evacuees, if you look at the—my eye-sight is getting so bad, I need to get glasses. If you look at the Chinese, after Tiananmen Square, if you were to look at Soviet refugees, if you look at the Ethiopians, the Lithuanians, even going back to the war orphans at the time of Eisenhower, there has been a remarkable case when amnesties were judged okay by this Congress, okay by the American people, okay by the President because of scale, 32,000 peo-ple, on average, per amnesty, for 53 years. Again, this President’s amnesty dwarfs the total amnesties of all Presi-dents over the last 53 years, and, for that reason, the American public has reacted as it has saying this just doesn’t fit. The other thing that I think is inter-esting, going back to the notion of sheer scale and the ways in which this particular amnesty that the President has proposed is at odds with every other for the last 53 years, is, if you were to add up the cumulative amnes-ties of this President, you would be in the top 20 States in the United States of America—5.5 million people. That is well above the population of South Carolina; it is well above the popu-lation of Alabama. Or go down about another 30 States, wherein you would have a de facto new State added that would be more than midway in the graph of all States in this country. It doesn’t fit. A third point that I would make, and I think this is a fascinating one that my staff pulled, is that if you look at all those amnesties I was just talking about over the last 53 years, they have really fallen into a couple of baskets, the one big amnesty being back in 1986 which, ultimately, went through this Congress. It was, in fact, as a con-sequence of the act of Congress and the will of the American public. That was a big one. But the other one was the Ad-justment Act of 1966, which goes back to the plight of the Cuban people and trying to do something about that. The other one has been a basket of natural disaster, of political strife, of family reunification. That has been a basket. And then there has been a bas-ket for refugees. But never before have we had a basket that was about a polit-ical objective as opposed to a reaction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.057 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1796 April 18, 2016 
to an external event. We have had a long list of external events over 53 years that is at odds with what we see taking place. So not only is this important from the standpoint of the Constitution and the rule of law, as has been so elo-quently stated thus far, it is something that doesn’t fit common sense from the standpoint of scale. And there is one last point. There is a financial cost to this. The Cato Insti-tute estimated that you are looking at about $14,000 per household. If you mul-tiply that times the number of refugees that the President is talking about here, you are looking at about $19 bil-lion in cost. That is about two-thirds of the dustup we have had over the budg-et. You are talking about $30 billion. Is the number 1070 or 1040? A $30 billion difference. In this case, two-thirds of that total would be taken care of just with this question of amnesty that is before us tonight which you, again, have brought, and I very, very much appreciate you doing so. Mr. YOHO. I thank my colleague from the great State of South Carolina for those—I mean, those are great numbers that really illustrate the sig-nificance and the large amount of num-bers that we are dealing with. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from the State of Arizona, Dr. P
AUL G
OSAR . Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) for his leadership on this issue and for organizing this Special Order. Mr. Speaker, I have spoken many times right here on the House Floor about upholding the rule of law. Whether it be about a lawless Attorney General who tried to cover up a gunrunning operation, or a rogue IRS Director illegally targeting innocent Americans, or a President attempting to enact amnesty by executive action, ensuring that the Federal Government is held accountable for its lawlessness has been one of my top priorities as an elected Representative to the people’s House. And while the concept of equal application of the law may not seem like it needs any explanation, I would like to speak to the heart of why up-holding the rule of law is so funda-mental. Our laws seek to incentivize Ameri-cans to behave responsibly and to im-pose consequences when they don’t. This is the fundamental contract woven into the fabric of our Republic. It is a concept envisioned by our Founding Fathers, not only to protect the individual rights of every man, woman, and child, but also to prohibit executive overreach from an intrusive Federal Government. Former Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis captured these principles best when he stated: ‘‘In a government of laws, existence of the government will be imperiled if it fails to observe the law scrupulously. Our Government is the potent, the omnipresent teacher. For good or for ill, it teaches the whole people by its example. Crime is con-tagious. If the Government becomes a lawbreaker, it breeds contempt for the law; it invites every man to become a law unto himself; it invites anarchy.’’ Sadly, we are witnessing what hap-pens when the Federal Government be-comes a lawbreaker and breeds con-tempt for the law—anarchy. The Obama administration has created an immigration crisis as a result of its failure to enforce Federal immigration laws on the books. The nonpartisan Congressional Re-search Service reported just last week that 2016 could set another record for the number of unaccompanied alien children crossing our southern border, and that from 2011 to 2014, unaccom-panied alien children increased by 1,200 percent. Also last week, 1,000 Cuban aliens stormed the Costa Rica-Panama border demanding to pass so they could continue their journey to enter the United States illegally. Article I, section 8 of the Constitu-tion gives Congress clear jurisdiction on immigration matters, and President Obama’s executive actions on immigra-tion clearly infringe on that authority. The President even admitted that fact 22 times previously when he stated he did not have the authority to take the executive actions he ultimately ended up taking. b2100 Justice Kennedy rightfully pointed out today that DAPA is a legislative act, not an administrative act. Thus, its creation is unconstitutional, and the Supreme Court should uphold the lower court’s ruling that halted Obama’s illegal actions. What incentive do Americans have to follow the rule of law themselves if they have no faith that their govern-ment will do the same? How can law-makers ask immigrants seeking to mi-grate lawfully to our country to follow these rules when this President so bla-tantly violates those same rules? Unfortunately, if we don’t take bold action now to hold the President ac-countable for his lawlessness, we risk permanently damaging the integrity of all our laws beyond all repair. The good news is there is a solution. The House must utilize our power of the purse to block any and all funding for the President’s executive amnesty orders. I am attempting to do just that and recently spearheaded an appropriations rider supported by 35 of my colleagues to block funding for all executive ac-tions on immigration dating back to 2011. Returning to the rule of law begins with the House enforcing its own con-stitutional power of the purse. We must fundamentally reject the Presi-dent’s legacy of lawlessness and renew the faith that we all place in the rule of law. Mr. YOHO. I thank my colleague for such wise words of wisdom. At this time, Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from the State of Colo-rado, Mr. K
ENBUCK. Mr. BUCK. I thank the gentleman from Florida. Mr. Speaker, the Obama administra-tion somehow missed the class in civics about separation of powers, checks and balances, and so many other issues from our Constitution. Thankfully, the Supreme Court can offer some remedial education when it decides the case United States v. Texas. The facts of the case are simple. The President’s executive action on immi-gration is downright illegal. He by-passed Congress, even though the Con-stitution explicitly states that the leg-islative branch has the power to estab-lish a uniform rule of naturalization. This administration uses the excuse of prosecutorial discretion. As a pros-ecutor for 25 years, I can tell you this isn’t true. When his executive order creates a new special class for millions of people in the United States, this isn’t a case-by-case use of discretion. It is a blanket rulemaking, and it is rule-making that directly contradicts the wishes of Congress. All three branches of government agree that these actions are illegal. Courts have already issued an injunc-tion against the rule. Congress submitted a friend-of-the- court brief highlighting its proper role, and the President himself knows it would be unconstitutional to bypass Congress and create his own immigra-tion laws. He said so many times. For some reason, he still went ahead and issued the executive order. Real people feel real consequences when we put the Constitution through the paper shredder. The President’s ac-tions will lead to devastating new costs for States. Our healthcare system, our judicial and law enforcement systems, and our education system will all be strained as they try to accommodate the President’s unconstitutional or-ders. The judicial branch has a chance to stand up to executive overreach in this case and reassert congressional power. I hope the Court rules correctly be-cause the fate of the Republic hangs in the balance. Mr. YOHO. Words spoken so true, and I appreciate that. The Constitution and the sovereignty of this Nation is what is at stake here, along with the institu-tion itself. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my good friend, Mr. JODYB. H ICEfrom the State of Georgia. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. I am grateful to my colleague from Florida for yielding this time. Mr. Speaker, today the United States Supreme Court heard oral arguments on what certainly has every potential of being one of the most important cases of our time. Of course, we are talking about a case involving an un-precedented and inexplicable expansion of powers by the President. We all remember in November 2014 when President Obama, fresh from, I might add, losing midterm elections, announced his executive decision to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.058 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1797 April 18, 2016 
grant amnesty to some 5 million illegal immigrants. Immediately 26 States, my home State of Georgia being one of them, quickly moved to challenge this Presi-dent’s decision in the courts. Those States rightly and correctly argued that they were being forced by the Federal Government to bear the costly burden of this President’s abuse of power. So after months of legal wrangling in the lower courts, now we watch United States v. Texas being considered in the High Court. We watched this being put on in the Supreme Court, and I am hopeful, as many of my colleagues, all of us here tonight, that the rulings from the lower courts will stand and that, ulti-mately, this President’s executive am-nesty will be ruled for what it is, a clear violation of the Constitution. That is what we are dealing with to-night, a violation of the Constitution, specifically article II, section 3, the faithful execution clause. Many ask: What is that? Basically, that clause requires the President to enforce the laws of the land. Is it too much to ask for the President to en-force the laws of the land as written by Congress and interpreted by the courts? This President has turned that up-side down. He has turned our Constitu-tion on its head with his own legisla-tive policies from the executive office and the abuse of executive authority. Many of us here have voted multiple times to oppose many of the Presi-dent’s unconstitutional actions, and I have cosponsored many bills trying to deal specifically with his planned am-nesty program. Going forward, now we have the Su-preme Court case before us, and we all hope that they will see that what the President has done is a direct, gross violation of our Constitution. Again, I want to thank my friend from Florida, Congressman Y
OHO, for putting together this Special Order. Mr. YOHO. I would like to thank my colleague from Georgia for partici-pating. Mr. Speaker, in closing, our institu-tion of law is threatened more today than ever before. All evil or tyranny needs to succeed or for a constitutional republic to fail is for good men and women to be complacent and do noth-ing. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friends, as led by our friend, Congressman TEDYOHO from Florida, and our friend from Georgia, Brother Hice. We heard great com-ments from Dr. G
OSAR and our friend, S
TEVE KING, from Iowa. These are deeply troubling times, and the Supreme Court taking up United States v. Texas really accentuates that issue. Sometimes it is nice to just pause and pay tribute to folks, for ex-ample, a beautiful couple here. It is a pastor. His name is Pastor Jesse Estrada Sabillon and his wife, Maria Sabillon. They are with their granddaughter in this picture. They are a beautiful couple. You can feel the love emanating from the picture. Pastor Jesse Estrada Sabillon was a Baptist minister at Nuevo Amanecer Baptist Church of Houston in the Clo-verleaf area. He was an excellent car-penter. He owned a home remodeling business, J J & Sons Remodeling. His wife, Maria,—you can tell she loves her granddaughter—was a retired home caregiver for children with special needs. They were a beautiful couple. Mr. Sabillon never accepted a salary from the church and instead relied upon his job as a carpenter to feed his family. So it appears that Pastor Sabillon was working and acting in the vein of the Apostles Peter and Paul. Particularly Paul didn’t want to be a burden to others. So he made tents, sewed, and did whatever he needed to so that he wasn’t a burden to others. Instead of being a burden to others, Pastor Sabillon and his wife, Maria, were a blessing to Texas. They were a blessing to the Houston area and to so many whom they helped, the special needs kids that Maria helped with. b2115 It appears that Jesse, Pastor Sabillon, was doing what Jesus said to do, to be a light to others, to be salt to the world, to administer to others’ needs, or as Jesus told Peter, ‘‘If you love me, you will tend my flock.’’ Well, Pastor Sabillon did that and, appar-ently, did that very well. This story, April 15: ‘‘Alexis De Larosa Sosa, 21, is a Mexican national who entered the United States ille-gally, HCSO’’—apparently Harris Coun-ty Sheriff’s Office—‘‘public informa-tion officer Ryan Sullivan confirmed in a phone interview with Breitbart Texas. ‘‘His intake’’—by this he means, Alexis De Larosa Sosa—‘‘form says: U.S. citizen, no; alien status, illegal . . . De Larosa Sosa was wanted in con-nection with a street racing crash where Pastor Jesse Estrada Sabillon, and his wife, Maria Sabillon, were killed. The couple was driving home Tuesday night after visiting their niece who had just given birth to a baby when they were struck by the truck. ‘‘The suspect is reported to have fled the scene following the crash and did not turn himself in until Friday morn-ing about 10 a.m. local time. ‘‘He was allegedly driving a 2006 Chevy pickup truck and was said to be racing with a dark-colored Dodge Chal-lenger or Charger, the Houston Chron-icle reported on Wednesday. The two vehicles were said to be racing along the Sam Houston Tollway feeder road when De Larosa Sosa is reported to have run a red light, striking the 2004 BMW 330 driven by Sabillon. The cou-ple were both pronounced dead at the scene of the crash. De Larosa Sosa is said to have fled the scene on foot. The driver of the Dodge fled the scene in his vehicle. ‘‘Officials with the Harris County Sheriff’s Office quickly notified the family of the pastor who expressed re-lief at the news,’’ talking about the ap-prehension of the suspect. ‘‘De Larosa Sosa is currently proc-essing into the Harris County jail and has not yet made a court appearance. He is expected to be charged in connec-tion with the two homicides and flee-ing the scene of the fatal accident.’’ We know there are some wonderful people who have come into this coun-try illegally. There have been. But there is no question that criminals have taken advantage of the situation to cross our border, since it has been porous, and to inflict crime on people of the United States. There should be little doubt about that. And then we have this story from the Washington Free Beacon: ‘‘Number of Children Illegally Crossing Border Up 1,200 Percent Between 2011 and 2014.’’ Ironically, it just happens to be, as people were finding out south of our border and in other parts of the world, that if you make it into the United States illegally, then you are probably going to stay. Odds are 97 percent you will stay. As border patrolmen have told me, drug cartels across our southern border call our Border Patrol, our Homeland Security, the logistics, and they laugh-ingly say if they get people illegally into the country, then Homeland Secu-rity is the logistics that ships them wherever they want them to go in the country. As I have seen a number of times in the middle of the night as people are being processed, and like, for example, the one older lady who was asked how much she paid, some would say $6,000, some would say $7,000, $5,000, or $8,000. On a number of occasions, a border patrolman has challenged them: Where did you get that kind of money? You don’t have that kind of money. It normally took repeated ques-tioning to elicit an answer: Well, I paid $1,800 from family in this place, some people sent $2,000 from the United States, and I am going to pay the rest by working it off in the United States. They tell them where they want to go. Amazingly, Homeland Security has shipped people that have come into the country illegally all over the country. We have reports about Mexican drug distribution in all of our major cities. When you know that Homeland Secu-rity is shipping people that still owe the drug cartels money into different 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.059 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1798 April 18, 2016 
cities, it is not hard to figure out how they are getting some of their less than happy workers helping them with their drug distribution. This article from Adam Kredo says in this Washington Free Beacon: ‘‘The number of children apprehended on the U.S. border attempting to immigrate illegally has surged more than 1,200 percent since 2011, and the number of these children crossing the border dur-ing 2016 could be another record, ac-cording to a newly released govern-ment report. ‘‘The number of unaccompanied alien children (UACs) illegally crossing the U.S. border ‘has increased sharply’ since 2011, with a surge of more than 1,200 percent just between 2011 and 2014, according to the Congressional Re-search Service. The agency also dis-closed that the flow is increasing sig-nificantly in the first 5 months of fiscal 2016. ‘‘The illegal immigration of these children hit record-breaking numbers in 2014, with U.S. officials appre-hending more than 52,000 alien chil-dren. Nearly 20,000 have been appre-hended within the first 5 months of 2016, setting the stage for another po-tentially record-breaking year. ‘‘‘This unexpected surge of children strained U.S. Government resources and created a complex crisis of human-itarian implications,’ the report said. ‘They increased in the first 5 months of FY 2016, however, and experts warn that significant migration flows will continue until policymakers in the countries of origin and the inter-national community address the poor socioeconomic and security conditions driving Central Americans to leave their homes.’’’ That is interesting, but I would sub-mit, Mr. Speaker, that actually they will continue to surge as long as they are led to believe by the administra-tion, and the evidence continues to in-dicate, that they will be allowed to stay in America, we will send them where they may claim to have relatives or where the drug cartels tell them to request to be sent. Just in the last few weeks, spending some days and nights on our border, our southern border, it is heart-breaking what you see because there are people that clearly want a better way of life. They are leaving the coun-try of origin because their countries do not enforce the rule of law. There is graft, there is corruption, and the rule of law, the law is not evenly and fairly supported and enforced across the board. Therefore, the jobs aren’t there. There are more opportunities here in the United States. Although we have breakdowns, we do try to enforce the law more evenly than, I would submit, anywhere in the world, at least until more recently when this administra-tion makes exceptions of millions of people who are assured that they can violate the law with impunity and will be awarded for it. People come from countries where there is no equality under the law and they come to this country, as soon as they get here, for those of us that were out in front of the Supreme Court today, being shouted down by people who are angry, many of them shouting in Spanish—fine—but we were told that people in their positions were all in the shadows. Now, I did see some people lounging around under a few trees, but most of them were not in the shadows. They were, in fact, on the steps of the Su-preme Court right there in front yelling and screaming and showing dis-respect for the U.S. national anthem and yelling, trying to prevent freedom of speech. It is just really interesting, seeing posters like ‘‘Jesus was an immi-grant.’’ Well, sort of, but he never vio-lated the law. He never encouraged anyone else to violate the law. In fact, he urged people to go forth and do wrong no more, but that is not the case. The great and really tragic irony of what is taking place is people coming to America illegally demanding that the laws not be properly enforced, not be fairly enforced. Sure, there have been millions and millions and millions and millions of Americans who have come through our system legally, but we are the millions that did not come legally and we demand to have the same treatment as if we did come le-gally. If we do that, it will not be long be-fore we will be in the same shape as the countries these people fled from be-cause there is not adequate opportuni-ties. Since there is not adequate room for the billion or so that we have been told may want to come to America around the world, it would be far better to encourage their nations to end graft and corruption, to treat people fairly across the board. Here is an article from the Center for Immigration Studies. It says: ‘‘The criminal aliens released by ICE in these years, who had already been con-victed of thousands of crimes, are re-sponsible for a significant crime spree in American communities, including 124 aliens charged with 135 new homi-cides. Inexplicably, ICE is choosing to release some criminal aliens multiple times.’’ These are people that not only came into the country illegally, but have committed crimes multiple times, many of them, while they are here. At least they have certainly been charged with them. ‘‘A total of 121 criminal aliens who were freed by ICE over the 5-year pe-riod between 2010 and 2014 were subse-quently charged with homicide-related crimes within that time frame. Three more were charged in 2015. These 121 accused murderers were associated with 250 different communities in the United States, with the most clustered in California, New York, and Texas. ‘‘These aliens were charged with a total of 135 homicide-related crimes after release. Two of them had homi-cide-related convictions even before they were released. These aliens had 464 criminal convictions prior to re-lease by ICE. ‘‘Another three aliens who were re-leased by ICE during that time were charged with homicides during the first 10 months of FY 2015 . . . this tally does not include aliens who were re-leased by sanctuary jurisdictions, nor those aliens that were released by local law enforcement agencies after ICE de-clined to take them into custody due to Obama administration prioritization policies. This list includes only those aliens that ICE arrested and then re-leased.’’ b2130 ‘‘The names of the criminal aliens were redacted by the Judiciary Com-mittee, but the list presumably in-cludes murderers like Apolinar Altamirano, an illegal alien who was arrested by ICE in 2013 following his conviction on local charges involving a burglary and abduction, but who was released on a $10,000 bond and per-mitted to remain free and elect to have deportation proceedings that would take years to complete. In January 2015, Altamirano shot and killed 21- year-old Grant Ronnebeck while he was working at a convenience store where Altamirano had come to buy ciga-rettes. ‘‘ICE has previously disclosed that 75 percent of the homicidal criminal aliens were released due to court or-ders, including the so-called Zadvydas cases in which the aliens’ home coun-tries would not take them back. The rest were released by ICE’s choice.’’ The article also points out: ‘‘In 2014, ICE released a total of 30,558 criminal aliens from its custody. These aliens had already been convicted of 92,347 crimes before they were released by ICE. ‘‘As of July 25, 2015, a total of 1,895 aliens have been charged with a crime after being freed by ICE. ‘‘In a separate communication, ICE provided a list of countries that cur-rently are uncooperative in accepting their deported citizens: Afghanistan, Algeria, Burundi, Cape Verde, China, Cuba, Eritrea, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, India, Iran, Iraq, Ivory Coast, Liberia, Libya, Mali, Mauritania, Morocco, Si-erra Leone, Somalia, South Sudan, and Zimbabwe.’’ We have the power to force these countries to either take back their citizens who have come illegally into this country or who are illegally in this country—particularly if they have committed crimes in this country—or have consequences. Instead, this ad-ministration chooses to provide bene-fits to countries like Iran and Afghani-stan. For goodness sake. Make sure they are running Christians and Jews out of Afghanistan, but shouldn’t they at least take back their own people? I was told by one of the leaders in Af-ghanistan—this is a few years ago— that their budget was around $12 bil-lion a year. They only provided about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.061 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1799 April 18, 2016 
$1.5 billion. All the rest came from other countries, and most of that was from the United States. If they won’t take their people back, then shut the government down. They will take their people back. This is ridiculous. Also, an important point was made in this article. ‘‘As of July 25, 2015, only about 3 per-cent of the 30,558 criminal aliens freed by ICE in 2014 have been removed . . . ICE reports that 28,017 still had a pend-ing immigration case as of July 25, 2015,’’ but some of them don’t show up for their hearings. Many don’t. The largest percentage do not. They are just given notices to appear. ‘‘Recent National Gang Unit-led op-erations include—’’ and this is from a different article, from the article: ‘‘ICE Arrests More Than 1,100 in Operation Targeting Gangs.’’ It talks about all of the efforts to capture gangs. Let’s see. ‘‘Of the 1,133 arrests, 915 were gang members and associates; 1,001 were charged with criminal offenses; and 132 were arrested . . .’’ It is just more and more numbers of drugs, firearms, cur-rency. Again, about 3 percent, appar-ently, is all they are removing of those who are committing crimes in the country. Jessica Vaughan, from a year ago, had an article from May 28: ‘‘The Non- Deported: ICE Still Releasing Criminal Aliens at a Rapid Pace.’’ She documents, according to this ar-ticle: ‘‘The majority of convicted criminal releases occurred because of Obama administration policies that re-quire ICE officers to let the offenders go. In some cases, judges will allow aliens to be released after a bond hear-ing, but the conditions are usually set by ICE, and ICE attorneys say that they have been instructed not to vigor-ously contest an alien’s request for re-lease,’’ which brings us back to the Sabillons. My Christian brother and my Christian sister are gone; and we don’t enforce our immigration laws as the oath taken by those in this admin-istration require. I want to finish up by mentioning again about my being on the border. I was so struck. Texas has utilized and provided massive amounts of money to try to help us defend our border. The number one area through which people are coming into the United States moved some years back from Arizona to the McAllen corridor into Texas. I had occasion to be on a DPS boat with fantastic DPS officers. They had fan-tastic equipment that they were able to utilize to spot people who were clearly getting ready—behind bushes and whatnot—to cross the Rio Grande, from the Mexico side, into the U.S. It appeared, clearly, that some of them were just people who were going to be brought across, and some were car-rying things. Maybe they were drugs. We don’t really know. After we had spotted these folks when we were cruising down the river on the DPS boat—and there were a couple of Border Patrol boats that were much smaller, and there were other as-sets that allowed them to focus once we identified where these people were so that the Federal Border Patrol would know—and after we stayed silent for a while, we finally got a radio mes-sage from the Border Patrol that asked us to go ahead and return back to the dock way on down the river so that they could try to intercept these folks. Fine, because I know, if the Depart-ment of Public Safety sees a raft com-ing across, they will stop them. They do destroy the raft, which, as I under-stand, gets the coyote in trouble with the drug lord who sent him with the raft with people who had paid money to get them across. So the DPS would do that. They said: Why don’t you go ahead. They are waiting for you to leave the area. Then we can interdict. We can catch them red-handed. It turns out that is exactly what they did. We spent massive amounts of money and effort in spotting people be-fore they came across the river ille-gally. Whether it was bringing drugs, whether it was people coming across, we knew where they were. We spotted them, and we directed the Border Pa-trol to them. I say ‘‘we.’’ It is our De-partment of Public Safety people in Texas. We got word: That is exactly what they were waiting for. They came across after you left the area, and now we are in-processing them into the United States. We have the power to secure our bor-der, but this administration has no will, and that is why unaccompanied children are up 1,200 percent. I have seen tiny, little girls, who couldn’t have been more than 3 or 4, just in the last trip down, in the days I spent down there. Girls like them say: Oh, I am un-accompanied. I guarantee you they did not cross that river unaccompanied. They did not come 1,000 miles unaccompanied across Mexico. They were accom-panied. Thank God they were not sold into sex trafficking as so many have been. When we in the United States, as I have been told by African friends— some of whom I have seen in the last month—say we are the hope of the world and when we don’t follow the law, when we don’t enforce the law, when we don’t enforce our own laws, the world suffers. As Christians in Afri-ca have told me: We know where we go when we die, but our only hope of hav-ing a peaceful life is if America stays strong. We haven’t done that. Christians are now being persecuted in greater num-bers than ever in history. Jews are being persecuted again as if we are headed toward a new holocaust. It is time for American leaders who have taken an oath to the United States Constitution and to this coun-try to realize: to whom much is given, from them much will be required. There is going to be a day of judgment on America if we don’t rise to the occa-sion and use what we have been blessed with. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE(at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of of-ficial business in the district. Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of unforeseen circumstances. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 284. An act to impose sanctions with re-spect to foreign persons responsible for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs; in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1670. An act to direct the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair honoring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 41 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, April 19, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5057. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Sanitary Transportation of Human and Animal Food [Docket No.: FDA-2013-N- 0013] (RIN: 0910-AG98) received April 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5058. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Administration, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final order — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Placement of AH-7921 into Schedule I [Docket No.: DEA-432] received April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.063 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1800 April 18, 2016 
801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5059. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s direct final rule — Admin-istrative Actions for Noncompliance; Lesser Administrative Actions [Docket No.: FDA- 2015-N-5052] received April 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5060. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nuclear Reg-ulatory Research, Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting the Commission’s Re-vision 0 to Regulatory Guide 3.75 — Correc-tive Action Programs for Fuel Cycle Facili-ties received April 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5061. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nuclear Reg-ulatory Research, U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Revision 2 of Regulatory Guide 8.20 — Appli-cations of Bioassay for Radioiodine received April 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5062. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nuclear Reg-ulatory Research, U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Revision 2 of Regulatory Guide 8.22 — Bio-assay at Uranium Mills received April 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 5063. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nuclear Reg-ulatory Research, U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Revision 3 to Regulatory Guide 4.7 — Gen-eral Site Suitability Criteria for Nuclear Power Stations received April 14, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5064. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nuclear Reg-ulatory Research, U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission Revision 2 to Regulatory Guide 3.50 — Stand-ard Format and Content for a Specific Li-cense Application for an Independent Spent Fuel Storage Installation or Monitored Re-trievable Storage Facility received April 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 5065. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment and Class D and Class E Airspace; Wilmington, OH [Docket No.: FAA-2015-7486; Airspace Docket No.: 15-AGL-26] received April 13, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5066. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-trator for Fisheries, Office of Protected Re-sources, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Final Rule To List Eleven Distinct Population Seg-ments of the Green Sea Turtle (Chelonia mydas) as Endangered or Threatened and Re-vision of Current Listings Under the Endan-gered Species Act [Docket No.: 120425024-6232- 06] (RIN: 0648-XB089) received April 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5067. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Rapid City, SD [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-7492; Airspace Docket No.: 15-AGL-27] re-ceived April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5068. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace for the following Michigan towns; Alpena, MI; and Muskegon, MI [Docket No.: FAA-2015-7483; Airspace Docket No.: 15-AGL- 23] received April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5069. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Honeywell International Inc. (Type Certificate Previously Held by AlliedSignal Inc., Garrett Turbine Engine Company) Tur-bofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2015-2208; Directorate Identifier 2015-NE-19-AD; Amendment 39-18447; AD 2016-07-02] received April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5070. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-6537; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-154- AD; Amendment 39-18457; AD 2016-07-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5071. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-1047; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-157- AD; Amendment 39-18449; AD 2016-07-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5072. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-5038; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-029-AD; Amendment 39-18455; AD 2016-07-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5073. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Weatherly Aircraft Company Air-planes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-5422; Direc-torate Identifier 2016-CE-011-AD; Amendment 39-18456; AD 2016-07-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5074. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-3983; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-141-AD; Amendment 39-18448; AD 2016-07-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5075. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-5033; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-118-AD; Amendment 39-18450; AD 2016-07-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5076. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation (Sikor-sky) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3942; Directorate Identifier 2014-SW-064-AD; Amendment 39-18446; AD 2016-07-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5077. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; BAE Systems (Operations) Limited Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-4212; Direc-torate Identifier 2015-NM-010-AD; Amend-ment 39-18451; AD 2016-07-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5078. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D Airspace for Bartow, FL [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-4239; Airspace Docket No.: 16-ASO-4] re-ceived April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5079. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class D and Class E Airspace, and Amendment of Class E Airspace; Lake City, FL [Docket No.: FAA-2015-4010; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ASO- 11] received April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5080. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2012-0187; Directorate Identifier 2011-NM-094-AD: Amendment 39-18452; AD 2016-07-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5081. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-5036; Directorate Identifier 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L18AP7.000 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1801 April 18, 2016 
2015-NM-180-AD; Amendment 39-18453; AD 2016-07-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5082. A letter from the Staff Attorney, Fed-eral Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Safety Glazing Standards [Docket No.: FRA-2012-0103, Notice No. 2] (RIN: 2130-AC43) received April 13, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 4885. A bill to require that user fees collected by the Internal Revenue Service be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury; with an amendment (Rept. 114– 498). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 1206. A bill to prohibit the hiring of additional Internal Revenue Serv-ice employees until the Secretary of the Treasury certifies that no employee of the Internal Revenue Service has a seriously de-linquent tax debt; with an amendment (Rept. 114–499). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 3724. A bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Serv-ice from rehiring any employee of the Inter-nal Revenue Service who was involuntarily separated from service for misconduct; with an amendment (Rept. 114–500). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 4890. A bill to impose a ban on the payment of bonuses to employees of the Internal Revenue Service until the Sec-retary of the Treasury develops and imple-ments a comprehensive customer service strategy; with an amendment (Rept. 114–501). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. STIVERS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 687. A Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1206) to pro-hibit the hiring of additional Internal Rev-enue Service employees until the Secretary of the Treasury certifies that no employee of the Internal Revenue Service has a seriously delinquent tax debt, and providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 4885) to require that user fees collected by the Internal Rev-enue Service be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury (Rept. 114–502). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 688. A Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4890) to impose a ban on the payment of bo-nuses to employees of the Internal Revenue Service until the Secretary of the Treasury develops and implements a comprehensive customer service strategy, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3724) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service who was involuntarily separated from service for misconduct (Rept. 114–503). Referred to the House Calendar. PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ASHFORD (for himself, Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , and Mr. S MITH of Ne-braska): H.R. 4975. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5720 South 142nd Street in Omaha, Nebraska, as the ‘‘Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nel-son Post Office Building‘‘; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself and Mr. L
ANCE ): H.R. 4976. A bill to require the Commis-sioner of Food and Drugs to seek rec-ommendations from an advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration before approval of certain new drugs that are opioids without abuse-deterrent properties, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 4977. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to ensure that each medical facility of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs complies with requirements relating to scheduling veterans for health care appoint-ments, to improve the uniform application of directives of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia (for himself, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. C OSTELLO  of Pennsylvania, Ms. K
USTER , Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. P OLIQUIN , and Mr. W
OMACK ): H.R. 4978. A bill to require the Government Accountability Office to submit to Congress a report on neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS) in the United States and its treatment under Medicaid; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LATTA (for himself and Mr. M
CNERNEY ): H.R. 4979. A bill to foster civilian research and development of advanced nuclear energy technologies and enhance the licensing and commercial deployment of such tech-nologies; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota (for him-self, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. F
INCHER , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. G
UINTA , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. K ING of Iowa, Mr. Z
INKE, Mr. C OOK, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , and Mr. G OSAR ): H.R. 4980. A bill to require the National In-stant Criminal Background Check System to make a final disposition of requests to cor-rect its records within 60 days, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. BUCSHON (for himself and Mr. T
ONKO ): H.R. 4981. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to improve access to opioid use disorder treatment; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself and Mr. P
ALLONE ): H.R. 4982. A bill to direct the Comptroller General of the United States to evaluate and report on the in-patient and outpatient treatment capacity, availability, and needs of the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 4983. A bill to provide information to prescribers in Federally qualified health cen-ters and facilities of the Indian Health Serv-ice on best practices for prescribing naloxone; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 4984. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit the Secretary of the Army to produce, treat, manage, and use natural gas located under Fort Knox, Ken-tucky, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. KATKO (for himself and Miss RICEof New York): H.R. 4985. A bill to amend the Foreign Nar-cotics Kingpin Designation Act to protect classified information in Federal court chal-lenges; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. M
CCOLLUM (for herself and Ms. N
ORTON ): H.R. 4986. A bill to establish the Sewall- Belmont House National Historic Site as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MILLER of Florida (for himself, Ms. G
RAHAM , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C REN-
SHAW , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. M ICA, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. G
RAYSON , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. N
UGENT , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. J
OLLY , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. R
OSS, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. C
LAWSON of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, and Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN ): H.R. 4987. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William ’Kelly’ Lacey Post Office‘‘; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 4988. A bill to restore protections for Social Security, Railroad retirement, and Black Lung benefits from administrative off-set; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself, Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. E LLI-
SON): H.R. 4989. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require States to pro-vide cranial prostheses under the Medicaid program when a physician finds such treat-ment necessary for individuals affected by diseases and medical conditions that cause hair loss; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 4990. A bill to improve transparency in charity regulation; to the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Jul 22, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\APR2016\H18AP6.REC H18AP6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1802 April 18, 2016 
Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TURNER (for himself and Ms. T
SONGAS ): H.R. 4991. A bill to amend the Uniform Code of Military Justice to establish the of-fense of retaliation, to improve military jus-tice case management, data collection, and the accessibility of such data, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Mr. YARMUTH (for himself, Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. D OG-
GETT , Ms. L EE, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. W
ELCH , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): H. Res. 686. A resolution expressing support for efforts to enhance Israeli security and create the conditions for progress toward a negotiated two-state solution to the Israeli- Palestinian conflict; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself and Mr. D
ONOVAN ): H. Res. 689. A resolution expressing condo-lences to and support for the people of Ecua-dor following the devastating earthquake on April 16, 2016; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. HONDA: H. Res. 690. A resolution recognizing and celebrating April as ‘‘National Bilingual/ Multilingual Learner Advocacy Month‘‘; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ASHFORD: H.R. 4975. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power . . . to establish Post Offices and Post Roads.’’ By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 4976. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 4977. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia: H.R. 4978. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 4979. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota: H.R. 4980. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Due Process clause of the Fifth Amendment. Additional authority derives from Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (The Congress shall have Power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States and within the Indian Tribes’’), Arti-cle I, Section 8, Clause 18 (The Congress shall have Power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’), and Ar-ticle III, Section 1 (‘‘The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one su-preme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish. The Judges, both of the su-preme and inferior Courts, shall hold their Offices during good Behaviour, and shall, at stated Times, receive for their Services, a Compensation, which shall not be diminished during their Continuance in Office.’’) By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 4981. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 4982. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 4983. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 4984. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses I and 12: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the common Defence’’ and ‘‘To raise and sup-port Armies.’’ By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 4985. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Ms. M
CCOLLUM: H.R. 4986. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which gives Congress the power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing powers.’’ By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 4987. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 By Mr. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 4988. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN: H.R. 4989. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 4990. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TURNER: H.R. 4991. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 12, 13, 14, and 18 of the Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 140: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 228: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 303: Ms. K
APTUR and Mr. G ALLEGO . H.R. 333: Ms. B
ROWN of Florida. H.R. 402: Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana. H.R. 428: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 556: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE . H.R. 563: Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H.R. 592: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina, Mr. H ENSARLING , and Mr. H
UELSKAMP . H.R. 649: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 664: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. H
INES. H.R. 793: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 836: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 865: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 885: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 911: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 921: Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. C OLLINS of Geor- gia, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. J ENKINS of West Vir-ginia, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. J
OYCE . H.R. 923: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 953: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 954: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 969: Mr. H
UFFMAN and Mr. B UCHANAN . H.R. 1116: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 1130: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1151: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 1197: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 1200: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 1220: Mr. J
ONES , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 1331: Mr. N
UGENT . H.R. 1336: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 1399: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 1427: Ms. K
USTER , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. S ARBANES , and Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 1488: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 1538: Mr. M
ASSIE . H.R. 1594: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 1655: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana and Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 1769: Mr. H
INOJOSA and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 1859: Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. F
ATTAH , and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 2189: Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. G
RAYSON . H.R. 2197: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 2218: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia and Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 2257: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 2350: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 2368: Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 2404: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 2461: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 2500: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2654: Mr. P
ALLONE and Ms. G ABBARD . H.R. 2658: Mr. P
OLIQUIN and Mr. M CKINLEY . H.R. 2694: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 2698: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 2726: Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. K
INGof New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L18AP7.100 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1803 April 18, 2016 
H.R. 2739: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 2799: Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M
CKINLEY , and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 2817: Mr. C
APUANO and Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 2848: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 2894: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 2903: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. H
UELSKAMP , and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 2962: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 2993: Mr. M
CNERNEY and Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 3012: Mr. B
OUSTANY  H.R. 3029: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 3099: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 3117: Ms. M
OORE and Mr. C ONYERS . H.R. 3119: Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. M
EEKS , and Mr. B OUSTANY . H.R. 3209: Mr. M
EEHAN and Mr. B OUSTANY . H.R. 3235: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. D ENT. H.R. 3280: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 3308: Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. N
EAL, Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 3323: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 3326: Mr. H
IMES, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 3366: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 3423: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 3463: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. L ONG. H.R. 3487: Mr. V
ARGAS and Mr. C ONYERS . H.R. 3643: Mr. R
OHRABACHER . H.R. 3673: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3706: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3742: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3793: Ms. M
OORE and Mr. S EAN PAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3799: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 3815: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 3817: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 3846: Mr. P
AULSEN and Ms. D ELBENE. H.R. 3860: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 3865: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 3870: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 3948: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 3953: Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. W EBSTER of Flor- ida, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. R OSS, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. G RAHAM , and Mr. D ESANTIS . H.R. 3978: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 4019: Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 4065: Mr. J
OLLY and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 4144: Ms. E
STY. H.R. 4184: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4262: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 4278: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , and Mr. R USH. H.R. 4320: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 4365: Mr. C
LAWSON of Florida and Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 4374: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4375: Mr. M
ASSIE . H.R. 4399: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 4456: Mr. DENT. H.R. 4460: Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. B RADY of Penn- sylvania, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. C
ONYERS , and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 4469: Mr. C
HAFFETZ . H.R. 4481: Mr. C
RENSHAW . H.R. 4486: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 4498: Mr. B
ARR, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 4499: Mr. K
EATING and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . H.R. 4514: Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan and Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 4519: Ms. B
ROWN of Florida. H.R. 4543: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 4553: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , H.R. 4555: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 4570: Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. K USTER , Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Miss R
ICEof New York, and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 4575: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 4584: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4586: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 4599: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 4614: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. P
AYNE , and Mr. H ILL. H.R. 4625: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 4640: Mr. D
OLD. H.R. 4653: Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 4702: Mr. R
IGELL . H.R. 4708: Mr. D
ONOVAN and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 4715: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. B
ARR, Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. P ITTENGER . H.R. 4740: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 4762: Mr. R
OHRABACHER . H.R. 4764: Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 4766: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 4773: Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. T
ROTT , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. L ONG, Mr. B UCK, Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. D ENT, Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 4775: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 4776: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4790: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 4796: Mrs. C
APPS and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 4807: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4820: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 4860: Mr. S
WALWELL of California and Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 4879: Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. K ELLY of Il- linois, Mr. L
EWIS, Mr. C LAY, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. B ASS, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis- sissippi, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R ICH-
MOND , and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 4893: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 4897: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 4904: Ms. N
ORTON , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, and Mr. M ULVANEY . H.R. 4907: Mr. S
ESSIONS and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . H.R. 4924: Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, and Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 4932: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4939: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Ms. L EE. H.R. 4941: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 4956: Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. O LSON , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. M
ULVANEY . H.R. 4961: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 4963: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 4969: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H. Con. Res. 88: Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. C OOK, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. Y
OHO. H. Con. Res. 105: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H. Res. 290: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H. Res. 561: Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H. Res. 567: Mr. K
INGof New York. H. Res. 591: Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. E
LLISON , and Mr. B RIDENSTINE . H. Res. 650: Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. I
SSA, Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. F
ATTAH . H. Res. 660: Mr. K
EATING , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. R
IBBLE , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. K INZINGER  of Illinois. H. Res. 679: Mr. C
OHEN and Miss R ICEof New York. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative B
RADY , or a designee, to H.R. 4890, does not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.026 H18APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2109 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, APRIL 18, 2016 No. 59 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable J
AMES  L
ANKFORD , a Senator from the State of Oklahoma. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, we praise You for the privilege of prayer. We confess that we often neglect this opportunity to find power in Your presence. Guide our law-makers with Your wisdom, liberating them from doubts and uncertainties, as they remember that their times are in Your hands. May they seek directions from You as they strive to honor Your Name. Lord, undergird them with Your enabling might and help them to re-member that without You their striv-ing would be losing. Give them a steady faith, a firm hope, and a fervent charity so that they will stay within the circle of Your will. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, April 18, 2016. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable JAMES LANKFORD , a Senator from the State of Oklahoma, to per-form the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. LANKFORD thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, Americans continue to see the dif-ference a Republican-led Senate can make on behalf of our country. We have passed legislation to combat the prescription opioid and heroin epi-demic, to provide a long-term highway funding solution, and to advance many other important issues. Today I am hopeful we will be able to add to that record of achievement with the FAA reauthorization and airport security bill, which aims to keep Amer-icans safe in our airports and in the skies. Recent terror attacks across the world emphasize the importance of en-suring our airports are secure, and I am pleased the bill includes a number of provisions that will help to do so. From increasing security in prescreening areas to securing inter-national flights arriving in the United States, to ramping up measures aimed at deterring cyber security attacks, this legislation contains the most com-prehensive aviation security reforms in years. It also includes a number of pas-senger-friendly provisions such as re-funds for lost or delayed bags and ef-forts to improve travel for those with disabilities. The bill accomplishes all this without raising fees or taxes on passengers and without imposing heavy-handed regulations that threat-en consumer choice. The FAA reauthorization bill is the product of hard work and deliberation from Members on both sides of the aisle. It wouldn’t have been possible without the leadership of Senator THUNE , our Commerce Committee chair, and Senator A
YOTTE , the Avia-tion Subcommittee chair. They worked to consider amendments from both Re-publicans and Democrats that Members thought would make this good bill an even better one. I also thank their ranking member counterparts, Senator N
ELSON and Senator C ANTWELL , for their efforts to advance this legisla-tion. Let’s continue that bipartisan progress today and move the FAA re-authorization and airport security bill across the finish line. It is a win for passengers. It is a win for national se-curity. It is another example of com-monsense legislating under Republican leadership that is getting the Senate back to work. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The minority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
THE REPUBLICAN SENATE Mr. REID. Mr. President, I really have to smile when I hear the Repub-lican leader with his ‘‘Senate is Back to Work’’ speeches. The Senate Repub-licans are like the guy who shows up only half the time for work and then asks for a raise. They go through the motions, but they fail to do their job. They failed to fund opioid legisla-tion. They failed to do anything about the water in Flint, MI. They failed to fix what everyone agrees was an error on the renewable tax credits. They have failed to address the Zika virus and on and on. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.000 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2110 April 18, 2016 
Republicans used to complain all the time about meeting deadlines for doing the budget resolution, but this year they just aren’t doing one. Even dis-trict court nominations supported by Republicans seem too hard for this group to accomplish. It appears the Senate will fail even to have a hearing on the President’s Supreme Court nom-ination. It seems that Senate Repub-licans still need to learn how to do their job. 
f 
MERRICK GARLAND NOMINATION Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Senate Republicans are making history but for all the wrong reasons. The Repub-licans’ obstruction of President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee, Merrick Garland, is the first of its kind in Senate history. Never before has the Senate categorically refused to con-sider a Supreme Court nominee solely because the vacancy occurred during an election year. As each day passes, the Republicans set some new mark for gridlock. For example, in the post-World War II era, the average time between a Su-preme Court nomination and the nomi-nee’s first hearing was 29 days. Today is the 33rd day since Merrick Garland’s name was put forward by President Obama. Already we are 5 days past the average. The longest a nominee has been forced to wait for a hearing was 82 days. That was President Eisenhower’s nominee, Potter Stewart, who was con-firmed at a later time. Republicans vow every day that there will be no hearing. So they are well on their way to eclipsing the 82-day mark. While that achievement may earn the Republicans a slap on the back from the Koch brothers and Senator M
CCONNELL —who, by the way, is the proud ‘‘guardian of gridlock,’’ as he says—Americans take no pleasure in this record-setting obstruction. In-stead, Americans want Republicans in the Senate to do their job and give Merrick Garland a hearing. 
f 
IMMIGRATION Mr. REID. Mr. President, it has been almost 3 years since the Senate passed comprehensive immigration reform. Senate Democrats worked with a hand-ful of Republicans to craft a good, fair, comprehensive immigration reform bill that passed with strong bipartisan sup-port. Then we watched as Speaker Boehner capitulated to the tea party radicals and refused to allow a vote on the floor. It would have passed over-whelmingly. To his credit, President Obama saw Republicans’ inertia on immigration reform and decided to act. He told us in his State of the Union Address that he was tired of waiting around for Repub-licans to do things, so he had to do it himself, and that is what he has done. Using his Executive authority under existing law, he worked to fix the sys-tem to prioritize enforcement re-sources on those who actually pose a threat to our national security and public safety. On November 20, 2014, President Obama ordered a series of Executive actions that increased bor-der security and ensured greater ac-countability throughout our immigra-tion system. One aspect of President Obama’s Ex-ecutive actions was the Deferred Ac-tion for Parents of Americans and Law-ful Permanent Residents Program. The program provided temporary deporta-tion relief for parents of U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents, if they meet three basic requirements. No. 1, they have to be in the country for at least 5 years; No. 2, they must register with the government; and No. 3, they must pass a criminal background check. Today, there are over 5 million children—all U.S. citizens—who are eli-gible for this program. President Obama also expanded the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival Program, helping to protect DREAM-ers, the undocumented children who were brought to the United States at a very young age. To date, over 700,000 DREAMers have been protected—12,000 in Nevada alone. Not only were these Executive actions the right thing to do, they were also smart investments. Nevada will benefit from about a $3.5 million-a-year increase in State and local tax revenues. Nevadans will see an increase in earnings of more than $1 billion over 10 years. Together these programs will help grow America by $230 billion over the next 10 years, but now this progress is being threatened. Shortly after President Obama’s an-nouncement, a politically motivated lawsuit was filed by the Texas attorney general and joined by Republican Gov-ernors and attorneys—not all of them but a lot of them. The Texas attorney general won a preliminary injunction temporarily blocking both programs. This came from a single judge. The U.S. Supreme Court agreed to consider the case and today it heard oral arguments. They were good. I thought it was an extremely sound, de-liberate argument. I think the Jus-tices—most of them—had questions that went to the heart of what the issues are, standing and other things. A decision to overturn the President’s ac-tions would put many families with U.S. citizen children at risk of deporta-tion and prevent the Department of Homeland Security from doing its job of focusing on criminals and other threats to national security and public safety. In Nevada alone, President Obama’s Executive actions stand to help 50,000 people. Those are 50,000 Nevadans who should not be separated from their families. The U.S. Supreme Court must do the right thing and recognize President Obama’s authority. That is why I joined 38 other Senate Democrats and 186 House Democrats in filing an ami-cus brief with the Supreme Court, making clear that Congress granted the Department of Homeland Security broad discretion in enforcing our coun-try’s immigration laws. What the President did was both lawful and it was necessary. He helped target lim-ited enforcement resources. It is also what every other President since Ei-senhower has done, including Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush. Instead of litigating the President’s lawful ac-tions, Republicans should work to fix the immigration system in Congress. By working with Democrats to pass immigration reform, they would render the President’s Executive actions un-necessary. I hope the Supreme Court decides in the administration’s favor. I think they will, even though the Court is short a member. I hope these Executive orders are implemented to bring hard- working families out of the shadows, but our Nation would be far better off with a permanent solution. Our Nation would be far better off with a bipar-tisan, comprehensive overhaul of our Nation’s immigration laws. My friend the assistant minority leader has been at the forefront of these immigration issues. The DREAM Act is something he put forward 15 years ago. I admire the work he has done on this. I think he has kept this issue alive, when a lot of Republicans wanted it to go away. He has been help-ful to the people of Nevada—people who don’t know his name and will never ever see him, but we have 12,000 DREAMers whose lives have been changed forever, and we hope the same will happen to their parents. Mr. President, would the Chair an-nounce the business of the day. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
AMERICA’S SMALL BUSINESS TAX RELIEF ACT OF 2015 The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 636, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 636) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend in-creased expensing limitations, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McConnell (for Thune/Nelson) amendment No. 3679, in the nature of a substitute. Thune amendment No. 3680 (to amendment No. 3679), of a perfecting nature. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The minority whip. 
IMMIGRATION  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, let me first thank the minority leader, Sen-ator R
EID, for his kind words about the DREAM Act, which I introduced 15 years ago. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.001 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2111 April 18, 2016 
This was a piece of legislation that came about because a mother called my office in Chicago. Here was her family story. She brought her two kids to America from Brazil. They actually started off in Korea, but they came through Brazil and came to Chicago—mother, father, and two kids. The father had the ambi-tion of starting a church. There are a lot of Korean churches around Chicago and around the country, and his dream was to start a Korean-American Church. His dream never came true. He continued to pray and read the Bible, but he didn’t work much. It was up to mom to go to work. She went to work in a dry-cleaning establishment in Chicago. If you have been around the great city I am hon-ored to represent and go into a dry cleaners, most of the time Korean fam-ilies are running them. They are work-ing around-the-clock, and are the hard-est working people imaginable. Mom went to work in the dry clean-ers and the kids struggled because there wasn’t much money coming in. One of their girls, Tereza, heard about a program in Chicago called the MERIT Music Program. It is a program that is available for low-income fami-lies of kids in public schools. The lady who left the money for it said to give them instruction in musical instru-ments and help them buy the instru-ments. Tereza Lee heard about this when she was a little girl and decided to sign up for it and to practice the piano. Well, guess what. She turned out to be a prodigy. She was amazing. For her the MERIT Music Program was like an opening to another part of the world she had never seen. She participated in recitals. Sometimes they told me they had to give her a key to the Merit music offices because she wanted to stay and practice until late at night. It was tough for her getting through high school. She tells the story, when she was interviewed in the local press, that sometimes she didn’t have a lunch to take to school or any money to buy food. She would wait until the other kids left, and she would go through the wastebasket and look for food they had left behind. That is how tough it was. But because of her skill at playing the piano, she was given an opportunity. She was accepted into the Juilliard School for music in New York and at the Manhattan School of Music con-servatory to pursue the piano. She was that good. When she and her mom started filling out the application, they reached that point where it said this: What is your nationality? What is your citizenship? Her mom said: Tereza, I don’t know. We came here on a visitor’s visa way back when you were 2 years old, but I never filed any papers for you. She said: Mom, what are we going to do? Her mom said: We are going to call D
URBIN ’s office. So they called the Senate office. We looked into it. The law in the United States was very clear for 17-year-old Tereza Lee. She had to leave the United States for 10 years and apply to come back in—leave for 10 years. She came here at the age of 2. She did not do anything wrong. She did everything right. She fin-ished high school, against the odds. She developed a talent, against the odds. She was accepted at one of the best music schools in America, and our law very clearly said: Leave; we don’t want you. If you want to try to come back in 10 years, that is your business. I don’t think that is right. That is why 15 years ago I introduced the DREAM Act. It said: If you are one of those kids brought here under the age of 16, have finished high school, and have no serious criminal issues, we are going to give you a chance. Go to col-lege or join the military and we will give you a path to ultimately getting to the back of the line but becoming a citizen of the United States—the DREAM Act. When I introduced this bill to solve Tereza Lee’s problem, I used to give speeches about it all around Chicago. A funny thing would happen. When I would finish the speech and go back to my car, sometimes at night, there would be somebody waiting by my car. As I got closer, it turned out to be a very young girl, usually, maybe with her friend. They would wait to make sure no one was around. The young girl would say to me: Senator, I am one of those DREAMers. I am undocumented. My mom and dad are scared to death that they are going to be deported, and then I will be deported. I hope you can pass this. Well, time passed. We called the bill on the floor and called it in the House. We have never been able to make it the law of the land. Sadly, the reality is that there are probably 2.5 million young people living in America who would qualify under the DREAM Act to be given a chance to become legal—2.5 million. What happened to Tereza Lee? I have to finish that story. She ended up going to the Manhattan School of Music. Two families stepped forward— families that had befriended the Merit music program in Chicago. I know one of them well. They said: This girl is too good. We can’t waste her talent. We will pay for her education. They did so out of pocket. She did not qualify for any Federal assistance because she is undocumented. So Tereza finished school and played in Carnegie Hall. Now she is about to complete her Ph.D. in music. She is liv-ing in Brooklyn, NY. She is a mom with a little girl. She married an American musician so she is legal—fi-nally. That is her story. Thank good-ness this determined young girl stuck with it. We have to stick with it too. The people who want to turn away these 2.5 million DREAMers ought to take a minute to meet them—just to meet them and to understand what it is to be a young person in America going through all the challenges of adolescence and all of the challenges that might be brought to you in your community or by our family and know-ing in the back of your mind that at any moment, someone can knock on the door and tell you that you have to leave this country and that you are not here legally. They do it, and they fight every sin-gle day for a chance and a dream so that someday they will become part of the only country they have ever known. These are kids who, just like the Senate a few minutes ago, got up every day in the classroom and pledged allegiance to that flag, the only flag they have ever known. They do not view themselves as Mexican or Korean. They view themselves as Americans. The question is this: How do we view them? Do we view them as an asset to America or do we view them as a prob-lem—a problem that should be thrown away and deported? You are listening to the Presidential campaign. We all are. I am not going to go into detail about some of the terrible things that have been said, but I just wish some of the haters, some of the people who want to turn on these young people, would meet them. Come and meet them. Hear their stories. I think even the hardest, coldest heart would be moved by them. Across the street—you can see it through the window—is the Supreme Court build-ing. It was about 12 years ago that we decided to do something in the Senate that I thought was a great idea. Every 2 years, when there is a new class of Senators, we have a dinner with the Justices of the Supreme Court. We do it at their place. It is right across the street. We line up in the entryway there—the beautiful marble entryway. There are tables set up, each of us sits at a table with one of the Justices. I can remember one of the early times I went over there. I shared the table with another Senator, Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia, a legendary Member of the Senate and former President pro tempore of the Senate. He served here for decades and carried the Constitution around in his breast pocket. In his great days he could re-cite poetry nonstop. He was a real be-liever in the Senate. He wrote the his-tory of the Senate, one that probably will never be matched. I shared a table with him in the Supreme Court for one of these dinners. I said: Isn’t this a beautiful building? He said: It sure is. I said: How often do you get over here, Senator Byrd? He said: This is my first time. I said: You have been in the Senate for 40-plus years, and this is your first time? Why? He said: Well, it is a separate branch of government. We must respect them. They had never asked me to come over. Well, I see it a little differently. I go across that street because, yes, it is a separate branch of government, but it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.003 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2112 April 18, 2016 
is one that we should understand and respect, as I hope they understand and respect Congress on this side of the street. So this morning I did. I went over for an argument before the Su-preme Court. There was a huge mob out in front of the Supreme Court be-cause the case that was being consid-ered is one that affects millions of lives in America—Texas v. United States. The question is this: What are we going to do with people like Tereza Lee, whom I just described earlier. You see, what happened 6 years ago is that I joined with Republican Senator Rich-ard Lugar of Indiana and wrote a letter to President Obama saying: If the Con-gress is not going to change the law to make it possible for these young people to stay in this country, would you issue an Executive order that allows them, at least on a temporary basis, to stay in the United States? Within a year or two, the President agreed to do it. He created what is known as the DACA Program. It basi-cally says that young people like Tereza Lee, whom I described earlier, can step forward, identify themselves to our government, submit themselves for criminal investigation, and pay a filing fee of around $500, I believe it is. If they do, they will be given the right to stay in the United States on a tem-porary renewable basis for 2 years or 3 years. That is what DACA is all about—so that young people can pursue their lives at least with the understanding that for a few years, they don’t have to worry about that knock on the door. Oh, if they get a job, they have to pay their taxes. If they go to college, they are not going to get a penny from this government. We don’t help them pay for their college education. The President did it. I applauded him for doing it. So far, 700,000 young peo-ple just like Tereza Lee have signed up for protection under DACA. We esti-mate that the total universe of young people eligible is about 2.5 million. So the President attempted to extend the DACA Program. He said: We need to address the problem with their parents. Many of these parents have children who are U.S. citizens and legally in the United States, but they are undocu-mented and subject to deportation. So the President said, in what is known as DAPA: The parents of these kids can come forward, submit them-selves to a criminal background check with fingerprints and all, pay a filing fee of around $500, and then they will be allowed, on a temporary, renewable basis, if they keep their noses clean, to work in this country. If they are going to work in this country, they have to pay their taxes. Well, that is what the President sug-gested. As soon as he made these two proposals to extend DACA and to cre-ate this other program for the parents, a lawsuit was filed. It was led by the State of Texas, and 25 other States, I believe, joined. That is the case before the Supreme Court today. Before I get into the details of that case—and I want to say a word about it on the floor this afternoon—let me say one other thing. What Senator Byrd told me about not going across the street was not only respect for that in-stitution of the Supreme Court, but as a Senator he was basically saying that we need to respect their right to be above politics. We want to make cer-tain that that branch of government is above politics, that they apply the law and interpret the Constitution in a nonpolitical way. Sometimes I read their decisions and think they have gone political on us. But the goal is to make sure they are preserved from becoming political. This morning, when I went before the Supreme Court, I did not face nine Jus-tices, only eight. Antonin Scalia, who passed away a few weeks ago, created a vacancy that has not been filled. Why has the Senate failed to fill this va-cancy on the Supreme Court? Because within hours of the untimely death of Justice Scalia, the Republican leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , who was here a few moments ago, announced publicly: We will not fill this vacancy on the Su-preme Court. That is important to remember. It is the first time in the history of the United States of America—the first time in the history of the Senate—that the Senate is refusing a hearing for a Presidential nominee to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court. It has never happened before—never. Oh, the Republicans argue: Well, if the shoe were on the other foot, I am sure you Democrats would do exactly the same thing. I call their attention to the year 1988. Republican President Ronald Reagan, with a vacancy on the Supreme Court, submitted the name of Anthony Kennedy to the Senate. A Re-publican President was filling a va-cancy on the Supreme Court, and he submitted the name of his nominee. The Senate, then controlled by the Democrats, gave Anthony Kennedy a hearing, a strong vote, and sent him over to the Supreme Court. So when the shoe was on the other foot, we did not play politics. But now we are. So I faced eight Justices over there as that argument was made this morning. I thought to myself: If they end up in a 4-to-4 tie—and that can happen—it will be chaos and confusion across America, with different courts and different dis-tricts having different interpretations of the same law. How did we get into this mess? Be-cause the Republican majority in the Senate has decided: We are not going to appoint anyone to fill this vacancy. Their argument is this: Let the Amer-ican people speak to filling this va-cancy in the Presidential election. Let them decide whether it will be a Demo-crat or a Republican President filling this vacancy. There might be some value to that argument if President Obama, in the last election, when he was running for reelection in 2012, had been running for a term of 3 years. You can argue then that this fourth year he was not enti-tled to be President. But you know what. It turns out that he was running for a 4-year term. It turns out he won by 5 million votes. It turns out that when it comes to being Commander in Chief and President of the United States, he has all the powers vested in him by the Constitution, even in the fourth year. Isn’t that amazing—4 years as the President? That is what the American people decided, but only to be overruled by the Republican ma-jority in the Senate. Sorry, Mr. President, they say, you only get 3 years. Maybe we give you 3 years and 2 months, but you sure don’t have the right to try and fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court, even though the Constitution explicitly says in article II, section 2: The President shall ap-point a nominee to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court. Their argument is that you may think you are President when it comes to the Supreme Court, but the Senate Republican majority thinks otherwise. I sat down with Merrick Garland. He is the proposed nominee to fill this va-cancy. He is chief judge of the D.C. Cir-cuit Court, which is a high position in the judiciary. He was born in Illinois, so I come to his nomination with some prejudice, but he is an extraordinary person. People have said: Well, why didn’t the President choose a woman? Why didn’t the President choose an African American? Why didn’t he choose a His-panic? Why didn’t he choose someone from India? Why did he choose this man? I think he chose him for an obvious reason: He is clearly qualified. Even Republican Senators have said nice things about him publicly. Many of them have said they refuse to even meet with him, will not even sit in the same room with him. Some have agreed to, but many have said no. Sen-ator M
CCONNELL said: I won’t meet with him because he is not going to get a hearing and he is not going to get a vote. It is time for us to fill that vacancy. It is time for us to accept our constitu-tional responsibility and show respect for the document we all swore to up-hold and defend when we took the oath of office. It is time to fill that vacancy and put nine Justices on the Supreme Court to avoid the uncertainty, confu-sion, and chaos which might otherwise emerge. I wish to say a word about the case before the Court this morning. This was a case—United States v. Texas—a legal challenge, as I mentioned earlier, to the President’s immigration policy, filed by 26 Republican Governors. I be-lieve this lawsuit has no legal merit. It is driven by political hostility toward President Obama and his immigration policy. I was proud to join an amicus brief signed by 39 Senators on our side of the aisle and 186 House Democrats in sup-port of the administration’s decision 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.004 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2113 April 18, 2016 
on immigration. The President is on very solid ground in this case. I am hoping and confident that the Supreme Court will rule in his favor. As an initial matter before the case proceeds, the States that filed this law-suit have to show they will be harmed by the President’s immigration policy. Otherwise, they really don’t have any standing to sue. It turns out that ex-actly the opposite is true. The Presi-dent’s policy allowing people to work here on a temporary basis under his Executive orders will create a huge benefit to the American economy. Over the next 10 years, in the State of Texas alone—and they brought the lawsuit; at least started it—the Presi-dent’s immigration action would in-crease that State’s gross domestic product by more than $38 billion and increase the earnings of all Texas resi-dents by $17.5 billion. They argue that the President’s immigration policy would cost the State of Texas money. It turns out that exactly the opposite is true. Even if the States have standing to sue, the Supreme Court repeatedly has held that the Federal Government has broad authority to decide questions of immigration. Justice Anthony Ken-nedy, appointed earlier, wrote the opin-ion for the Court striking down Arizo-na’s controversial immigration law. Listen to what he said: 
A principal feature of the removal sys-tem— 
Removal of people who are not eligi-ble to be in the United States— 
is the broad discretion exercised by immigra-tion officials. . . . Discretion in the enforce-ment of immigration law embraces imme-diate human concerns. Unauthorized workers trying to support their families, for example, likely pose less danger than alien smugglers or aliens who commit a serious crime. 
This administration’s immigration policy is not just legal, it is smart and realistic. The President has said sim-ply: We should prioritize. We have lim-ited resources. We can’t deport all those who are here undocumented. If we are only going to deport some, let’s pick those who are a danger to the United States. The President has focused on those who have been convicted of serious crimes or pose a threat to our security. And shouldn’t he? As Commander in Chief, shouldn’t that be his highest pri-ority, to make sure anyone who is a danger to the United States is gone? He knows he can’t deport all even if he wished to, so he focuses on those who may be a danger to the United States— prosecutorial discretion. The Depart-ment of Homeland Security only has enough funding to deport a small frac-tion of undocumented, so the President wants to focus the limited resources on those who could do us harm. That is just common sense. At the same time, the President said that we should not waste our resources on deporting young immigrant stu-dents who grow up in this country, such as Tereza Lee, whom I mentioned earlier, or tear apart families by de-porting the parents of U.S. citizens. The President’s policy is focused on de-porting felons, not families—criminals, not children. In November of 2014, President Obama established this program, DAPA, Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents. Under DAPA, undocumented immigrants who have lived in the United States for more than 5 years and have American children would be required to come forward, register with the government, pay a fee, go through a criminal background check and a na-tional security background check, and pay their taxes. If the government determines these parents have not committed any seri-ous crimes and don’t pose any threat, this Executive order says: On a tem-porary, renewable basis, they will not be targeted for deportation. President Obama also expanded the DACA Program for children, as I men-tioned earlier, at the same time. Why did he do that? Because for years Re-publicans in Congress have refused to consider legislation to fix our broken immigration system. On the floor of the Senate on June 27, 2013, I joined a group of seven other Senators—four Democrats and four Re-publicans in total. We had worked for months to construct a bipartisan, com-prehensive immigration bill. We had to give a lot. There were things in that bill which I didn’t like at all and things which some of the Republican Senators didn’t like, but it is the nature of legis-lation and compromise that that hap-pens. We brought the bill to the floor for a vote after a lengthy markup in the Senate Judiciary Committee, and doz-ens of amendments had been offered. The Senate passed comprehensive im-migration reform legislation on June 27, 2013, 68 to 32—more than 2 to 1. That bill would have strengthened border se-curity, protected American workers, and established a tough but fair path to citizenship for 11 million undocu-mented immigrants who were then cur-rently living in our country. What happened to the bill after it passed the Senate? I take you back to how laws are made and your civics course. It went across the Rotunda to the House of Representatives, which was under Republican control. The ma-jority in the House of Representatives refused to call the bill, refused to even bring it to the floor for a debate, and refused to offer any substitute. They did nothing—nothing, despite our bro-ken immigration system. In the face of this, the President was left with no choice. For the good of the American people, he used the authority given him as President to try to make some reforms to our immigration system. The Center for American Progress has studied what the President proposed, and they say that over the next 10 years, if these two programs—DACA and DAPA—were passed, the gross domestic product for my home State of Illinois would in-crease by $15 billion and the earnings of Illinois residents would increase by almost $8 billion. Could your State use that—more economic activity, more people paying taxes to the Federal Government and to your State? Vir-tually every State could use that. It is unfortunate that these bills have been blocked by the Senate, and now they are trying to block them in the Supreme Court. I see Senator CORNYN is on the floor, and I will close by telling a story about another DREAMer. I have done this quite a few times. My staff has done a lot of work on it. I thank them all for it. These stories really say a lot more than I ever could in a speech. They tell us what was at stake before the Su-preme Court of the United States this morning. This attractive young woman is Vasthy Lamadrid. Her family came to the United States from Mexico. She was 5 years old. They came here with nothing. They moved into a home with four other families, so a lot of the kids slept in the same room. Despite their poverty, Vasthy felt safe and excelled in school. Math was her best subject. She had nearly perfect scores on standardized tests. English was tough, but then she discovered a series of books called ‘‘Goosebumps.’’ If you have kids or grandkids, I bet you have heard of that one. She became an avid reader and mastered the English language. By middle school, Vasthy was placed in the gifted program. That is where she discovered her love of engineering. She was a student in the Engineering Pathway at Bioscience High School, where she received the Young Entre-preneurs Award, made the principal’s list every semester, and played tennis. She was an active volunteer, working with such groups as Girls For Change, CompuGirls, E-Tech, Hospice of the Valley, and St. Joseph’s Hospital. Vasthy also helped younger kids in her neighborhood by tutoring them in math and tennis. Vasthy went on to attend Arizona State University. Because she is un-documented, she didn’t qualify for a penny of government assistance, and she had to pay out-of-State tuition de-spite the fact that she had lived her en-tire life in the United States, in Ari-zona. Then something extraordinary hap-pened. Counting on the generosity of the American people, Vasthy decided to crowdfund her college education. She shared her life story online and asked people to contribute to help her pay her tuition. Well, it worked. She is currently in her second year of college. In the first semester, she made the dean’s list with a 3.79 GPA in the Ira Fulton School of Engineering. Thanks to DACA—the Presidential Executive order—she is able to support herself. She has also made time to con-tinue to volunteer for a club called 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.006 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2114 April 18, 2016 
STEM Academy mentoring young chil-dren. She volunteers with the Arizona Immigration Refugee Service as an English teacher. As a result of her vol-unteer work, she has decided she wants to become a science teacher. Can we use more science teachers in America? You bet. This is what she said in a letter she wrote: 
DACA signifies to me a chance to show that I belong here—that inside I am an American. It represents an opportunity to show that my parents’ sacrifice was worth it. I love this country and want to one day be-come a citizen and continue to give back to the community. I don’t need that journey to become a citizen to be easily given to me, but I’d hope that the journey is fair. 
Vasthy and other DREAMers have so much they can give to America. I don’t understand the Republican Party when it comes to the issue of im-migration. We are a nation of immi-grants. My mother was an immigrant to this country. I am a first-generation American and proud of it. It is my honor to serve and represent a great State like Illinois. I know what her journey was like. She was brought here at the age of 2 from Lithuania. I know what her early life was like as she struggled to try to make sure there was food on the table, first for her mom, sister, and brother, and then ul-timately for her own family. That is my family’s story, but it is a story that is repeated over and over again. There is something in the DNA of im-migrants who are willing to risk every-thing in this world to go to a country where they don’t even speak the lan-guage because they know they will have an opportunity here, and they bring something with them. That is why they light up the scoreboard in Silicon Valley with all of these new in-ventions and new corporations with thousands of employees that make us an economic success in many fields. That is why we should think twice about those who condemn immigrants in this Nation of immigrants. I am confident the Supreme Court will uphold the President’s immigra-tion actions. Then I hope, after they have done this, that the Republicans in Congress will finally decide to return to the table and work on a bipartisan basis for comprehensive immigration reform. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority whip is recognized. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I am al-ways impressed with the distinguished Democratic whip and his eloquence, but he is telling the American people that we have to choose between being a nation of immigrants or a nation of laws. The fact is, we don’t have to make that choice; we can be both. But we can’t do it when we have a Presi-dent who simply believes he can do an end run around the U.S. Constitution. In fact, according to Pew, about 3.5 million people could claim the benefits of the President’s unlawful Executive action, receiving work permits, driver’s licenses, and Social Security numbers. While we are a compassionate country, we are a nation of immigrants, that is not the kind of decision the Constitu-tion gives to a single political actor, even if he is the President of the United States. So there is a right way and a wrong way. And I realize the distinguished Democratic whip believes that just be-cause they can’t get what they want when they want it, the President can then resort to this end run, but thank-fully that is not the view of the courts. The U.S. Federal district court in Brownsville, TX, issued an injunction against the President’s Executive ac-tion. The Fifth Circuit Court of Ap-peals affirmed that injunction, and now the Supreme Court of the United States heard arguments in the case this afternoon. This is really more than just about immigration. This is whether, under the doctrine of separation of powers, the Constitution we have lived under for lo these many years gives the Presi-dent unilateral authority without the approval of Congress, the elected rep-resentatives of the people, and in fla-grant disregard for the laws that are already on the books. The heart of the case the Court heard today is about stopping a President who said: I have a pen and I have a phone. And even though the American people have given Republicans a major-ity in both Houses and obviously forced the President to deal with a Repub-lican conference to come up with con-sensus legislation, the President said: Forget that. I am not about trying to achieve bipartisan consensus on any-thing. If I don’t get what I want, I am going to jam it through the system and hope the courts don’t stop me. So it is not just about immigration, it is about the Constitution itself. There are perhaps 22 different times, by my count, where the President of the United States acknowledged he didn’t even have this authority. I re-member in a speech he gave to La Raza, an interview he gave on Univision, the President denied he had the authority, which now, miracu-lously, our Democratic friends think is clear-cut under the law. How can that be? It cannot be. I remember specifically being at a meeting where the President invited the leadership of both the House and the Senate to the White House after the 2014 election. Many may recall that leading up to that point, there had been a lot of rumors about the Presi-dent issuing an Executive action, but he had not done so. I remember specifi-cally sitting there in the White House with some of my colleagues from the House and the Senate, where then- Speaker Boehner said to the President: Please, Mr. President, don’t do this. Don’t poison the well. Don’t make it impossible, by such a polarizing action, for us to build consensus on the build-ing blocks of immigration reform where we could actually agree. I remember Majority Leader MCCAR-
THY making the same comment. I joined in and reiterated the same point. The President, defiant, told us he was going to go ahead and do it. There are a lot of conversations peo-ple are having today across the United States. I had some of those earlier today during some visits with people who were just wondering how to ex-plain the political environment in America today. What I tell them is that this seems unprecedented in my experience. People are so angry. People are so scared. People are frightened and worried about the next generation. And for the first time in my memory, parents are doubting whether their children will enjoy the same sorts of freedom and prosperity that we enjoy today. That is a tragedy. My parents were part of the ‘‘great-est generation.’’ My dad was a B–17 pilot in the Army Air Corps, even be-fore the Air Force came into being. On his 26th bombing mission over Nazi Germany, while he was flying in the 8th Air Force out of Molesworth, Eng-land, he was shot down and captured as a prisoner of war for 4 months. Fortu-nately, that was toward the tail end of the war. Even though he was injured in his parachute jump—not seriously, as it turned out, although he had some disability associated with that later in life—he managed to survive that and even survived an appendectomy by a fellow prisoner of war when he had ap-pendicitis in a POW camp. It is amaz-ing. I always thought my dad had nine lives. Even though he passed away at the very young age of 67, he survived countless occasions when surely he could have lost his life, including those occasions of jumping out of a burning B–17 plane over Germany and an appen-dectomy in a POW camp at the hands of a fellow prisoner of war. The reason my parents and all of our parents sacrificed so much and risked so much and worked so hard is that they believed in the promise of Amer-ica—the promise that exists only when the law is respected, when people in high office are bound by and obligated to and held accountable to the same laws that govern the most humble among us. That is what America is all about—a country where people, if they work hard and play by the rules, can achieve their dreams. I think that is the reason America seems so polarized today. People have sort of jumped out-side the usual paradigm of political calculation where you are a liberal or you are a conservative or you are somewhere in the middle. People have sort of jumped that track, and we are seeing something entirely different on the left and on the right. I think the reason is, in part, because of a Presi-dent who believes he is not bound by the Constitution and laws of the United States. People are frightened because they have seen over the last 7 years—even though the President was stopped leg-islatively after the Affordable Care Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.008 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2115 April 18, 2016 
was passed and after Dodd-Frank was passed and then stopped by the elec-torate giving the Republicans a major-ity in the House and in 2014 a majority in Senate—that this President will not be stopped by the voters. That is the determination he made, and this Exec-utive order is exhibit 1 because he said: I don’t care what the voters think. I don’t care what the American people think. I don’t care what the Constitu-tion says. I don’t care that what Con-gress says should be the law of the land. I am going to do it the way I want to do it. Frankly, that is scary stuff when you are talking about the Commander in Chief, the leader of the free world, and the sort of power that goes along with that. Rather than heed the warning—or I would really call it the plea of leaders in the House and the Senate after the 2014 election—the President decided to go around Congress and try to essen-tially change the law, giving work per-mits to people who were illegally present in the country, giving them driver’s licenses, even giving Social Se-curity numbers to an estimated 3.5 mil-lion people. How can the President do this when Congress is deadlocked? Well, he did it. And that is a question the Supreme Court is going to have to decide. At the time, the President called it a middle-ground approach. He is a mas-ter of rhetoric. The problem is the facts belie his words. The fact of the matter is this was a constitutional scorched-earth tactic. And more than anything else, it eroded public con-fidence in Congress’s ability, working with the White House, to get anything constructive done in the area of immi-gration. The Acting President pro tempore is, of course, from the great State of Okla-homa, and he went to school in Texas. He understands what I understand: We have a large Hispanic population in Texas—about 38 percent. But we are a very diverse State. Many people are surprised when I tell them the third most commonly spoken language in Texas today is Vietnamese—Viet-namese. Can you believe that? We also have a large Indian American popu-lation. We are a very diverse State, and the main reason for that is we still rep-resent that land of opportunity that America used to be, where people can come, work hard—those of modest means, with little on their backs and maybe nothing in their pockets—and achieve something and live the Amer-ican dream. So I resent, I really do re-sent, the distinguished Senator from Il-linois trying to tell us the President was only trying to do something that was good for Texas. He doesn’t have a clue. In fact, if we were to follow the policy choices of the leadership in Texas, the country would be a heck of a lot better off when it comes to taking advantage of our energy resources, when it comes to taxes, reasonable reg-ulation, and a willingness to try to ac-commodate those who invest capital and create jobs. To me, that is the sin-gle biggest difference between where I live in Texas and what I see across our country and what is coming out of Washington, DC. There seems to be an attitude here in Washington of how many more obstacles, how many larger impediments can we place in the way of those who invest the capital and those who are creating the jobs and still expect the American dream to be alive. Believe me, we have tested it. The Obama administration has tested it, and what it has produced is disaster. It has produced a health care system that, rather than making health care more affordable, has made it more ex-pensive, has caused people who liked their coverage to give up their cov-erage only to buy something that had a deductible that has, in essence, made them self-insured. It has created stag-nant wages. It has created stagnant economic growth. There are not a lot of problems we have in this country that couldn’t be mitigated, made better, if we just saw our economy growing again, instead of the sort of anemic and flatlined growth we have seen since 2008. My predecessor in the Senate, Mr. Phil Gramm, has a Ph.D. in economics from Texas A&M University. He has made the point that, historically, what you see after a recession like the one we saw following the fiscal crisis in 2008 is a V-shape recovery. In other words, you hit the bottom and you bounce up and you grow quickly be-cause basically you have worked the problems out of the system. But what we have seen since 2008 is a U-shaped recovery, if you could even call it that. It is pretty close to flat, where the economy is growing at less than 2 per-cent, which is not fast enough to keep people fully employed. And we still have—although the unemployment rate has dropped down, we still have the smallest percentage of people par-ticipating in the workforce that we have had in the last 30 years. Many people have simply given up, retired early, or made other arrangements. This is a serious matter. The Supreme Court heard arguments today. We know there are currently eight members of the Supreme Court. I heard the distinguished Democratic whip complain about the fact that we have decided to allow the voters to choose in November the President who will make the choice to fill the Scalia vacancy. Well, the fact of the matter is, it is simply too important to allow President Obama, given his penchant for lawlessness and usurpation of con-stitutional authority—to give him the chance to stack the Supreme Court in favor of a Court that would likely rubberstamp his actions and those of future Presidents for the next 25 years. The hypocrisy is rich, listening to our Democratic colleagues. These are the folks who invented the judicial fili-buster. They invented the judicial fili-buster. They did that when President George W. Bush was President. As con-troversial as the nomination of Clar-ence Thomas was, I believe he was con-firmed with 52 votes—not 60 votes but 52 because nobody dreamed back then that Senate rules would allow the mi-nority party to insist on 60 votes to confirm a President’s appointee. We know that after the election where the Democratic majority lost that majority, in a lameduck session they jammed a number of appointees onto the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals in an effort to pack that court to match the ideological picture they wanted. Again, this is the second most important court in the Nation, which they believed would be more inclined to rubberstamp the overreaching by the Obama administration. We are all familiar with the Biden speech in 1992 when, as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, he sug-gested it would be perhaps inappro-priate to confirm a Presidential nomi-nee in the waning days of that Presi-dent’s term. We saw the Harry Reid speech in 2005, where he said it is the President’s pre-rogative to appoint, but the Senate is not obligated to grant consent to that nomination. Actually, I agree with Senator R
EIDback then, but not today, when he has taken the exact opposite approach. Then there is Senator S
CHUMER , the heir apparent to the Democratic lead-ership in the Senate, who said, in 2007, 18 months before George W. Bush left office: I think there ought to be a pre-sumption against confirmation. To listen to my Democratic col-leagues complain about the decision we have made to let the voters vote for the President who is going to fill that vacancy and to watch them—well, it looks like crocodile tears to me, and it smells like hypocrisy. As we have said, the Supreme Court of the United States heard arguments today in a case brought by the State of Texas and other States that would oth-erwise be compelled to grant work per-mits, issue driver’s licenses and Social Security numbers to people illegally present in the United States who did not comply with our laws. I am con-fident the Court will find that the States have suffered real harm from the standpoint of the constitutional notion of standing; in other words, you have to have standing before you can sue. Basically, it means you have to show real or potential harm if the Court doesn’t act. I am confident the Court will find standing. But the Court will do one of two things. Either the Court will affirm by being split 4 to 4 or all eight Justices could write in favor of the Fifth Circuit decision to let the injunction stand or, if the Court deems that this issue needs to be held over until the Court has all nine members, after the first of the year, that is a decision the Court can make. This is a very important issue, and I am glad the Court is taking it up. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.010 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2116 April 18, 2016 
need to know—we need to know wheth-er we remain a nation of laws as well as a nation of immigrants. The whole idea our Democratic colleagues have foisted on us that somehow we have to choose between those two is a false choice. It is a false choice. We are both. We aren’t one or the other. America has always been made better by people who have risked coming to the United States because they weren’t satisfied with what they had or where they lived, but the day we begin rewarding people who do this in disregard of the laws is the day we begin to no longer be a nation of laws, and that is a leg-acy and a treasure we should not squander. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The Senator from Nebraska. 
TAX REFORM  
Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I rise to discuss an issue of importance for Nebraskans and Americans all across this country; that is, the need for comprehensive tax reform. It is no secret the current Tax Code is overly complex and outdated. Any American can tell you how frustrating it is to file a tax return. Our Tax Code is riddled with deductions, exemptions, credits, exclusions, preferences, and loopholes that make it nearly impos-sible for anyone without a degree in tax law to understand. At the same time, we should recog-nize that some progress has been made. Thanks to the work of Chairman H
ATCH and members of the Senate Fi-nance Committee, many important up-dates to the Tax Code were made per-manent at the end of last year. In par-ticular, increasing the deduction limit and making permanent section 179 of the Tax Code was an important step. This section allows small businesses to deduct from their taxes certain depre-ciable business assets. My constituents told me annual uncertainty about whether section 179 would be renewed made it very difficult for them to plan, to invest, and to grow their businesses. Making this provision permanent re-duced the ambiguity that had plagued Nebraska’s small business owners and operators. Although we have made some progress in reforming the Tax Code, there is more work to do for the Amer-ican people. I believe tax reform should focus on several principles, including competitiveness, simplicity, and eco-nomic growth. At nearly 40 percent, the United States has the highest com-bined corporate tax rate in the devel-oped world. This is stifling job growth, hurting families, and compelling busi-nesses to move overseas. Any com-prehensive plan should seek to lower this rate to a competitive level, one that will not only encourage current businesses to stay but also incentivize new businesses to set up shop. Another goal of comprehensive tax reform should be to simplify the Tax Code. Families and businesses spend billions of hours every year in com-pleting their taxes. A disproportionate share of this burden is shouldered by many small businesses. Many of these are family businesses, and they don’t have the resources to easily comply. Creating a tax system that is simple and efficient will reduce administra-tive and compliance costs. A simple tax system will also increase trans-parency, allowing Americans to fill out their taxes accurately while preventing fraud and lost revenue. Perhaps most importantly, any plan to reform the Tax Code—well, it must spur economic growth. Inaction on reforming the Tax Code is delaying needed growth in GDP, jobs, and investment. When I was first elected to the Sen-ate, I thought my colleagues and I would immediately take up two issues to restart our economy, grow jobs, and help all American families: tax reform and reducing the overburden of govern-ment regulations. After all, it is pretty obvious these are two issues we can re-form that would have a positive impact on our economy. We see regulations be-come ever more burdensome, and they continue to depress our economy, stifle innovation, and hurt our families. Major tax reform has not happened. We continue to chip away, but I believe now is the time we step up and be bold-er. We must make the necessary re-forms to our tax system to give Ameri-cans confidence in our future. We need to help put more money back in the pockets of hardworking Americans and allow them to spend money on the goods and services they choose and that they need. It is my hope my colleagues will join me in continuing this discussion and that this dialogue then will eventually result in action, in comprehensive tax reform that truly benefits Nebraskans and the American people. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CHINA ’S ALUMINUM INDUSTRY  
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, over the last few decades, China has used market-distorting subsidies and indus-trial policies to repeatedly prop up their own industries and rip off Amer-ican jobs. Steel, tires, solar panels—the story plays out again and again. Too often China’s economy is not run by the markets; it is run by government committee. So even though its own State Council has called out the prob-lem of severe excess capacities, China clings to the same old tired and de-structive policies. Today I want to ad-dress what is happening now with Chi-na’s huge overcapacity of aluminum. The amount of aluminum Chinese smelters are churning out has gone up by more than 1,200 percent in a decade and a half. In 2000, they produced 2.5 million metric tons. In 2015 China pro-duced 32 million metric tons. When you create a glut of aluminum production the way China has, you send the mar-kets into turmoil and you do enormous harm to American workers. I spoke last week at a public hearing held by the U.S. Trade Representative and the International Trade Commis-sion about how the overproduction of steel in China is an urgent and imme-diate threat to steel jobs here in our country. While China’s steel mills are churning out more steel than ever, American steel towns are suffering or worse. Thousands of jobs nationwide have been lost just in the last year. Even though one-third of all steel pro-duced today has no buyer, China keeps adding and adding to the glut by pro-ducing more steel. The same story is played out in the case of primary aluminum. There is a huge overcapacity in China that, once again, is driven by market-distorting government policies. It has unleashed a chain of events that can end in eco-nomic devastation across this country. Global aluminum prices have already plummeted, undercutting our Amer-ican companies. Between the start of 2011 and this upcoming June, the lights will have gone out at nearly two-thirds of the aluminum smelters in the United States. More than 6,500 jobs— good American jobs—will have been lost. You can bet that sooner or later the damage will ripple downstream through the entire aluminum industry, which employs three-quarters of a mil-lion Americans either directly or indi-rectly. In my judgment, the United States is badly in need of a safeguard against this economic tidal wave. That is why I have chosen to stand with my friend Leo Gerard, president of the United Steelworkers, and the steelworkers. They filed a petition for relief under section 201 of the Trade Act of 1974 today. Without an immediate economic bulwark, the United States is in danger of losing thousands of good family- wage jobs across our country. It is my view that the administration should act in this case as soon as pos-sible to defend our workers and our businesses from economic ruin. The United States and our trading partners must ramp up the pressure on China to stop overproduction, and our trade en-forcers have to take on the trade cheats and use every single trade tool in the toolbox, including the ENFORCE Act, the Leveling the Playing Field Act, and the other measures my col-leagues and I on the Finance Com-mittee fought to get signed into law over the last year. I firmly believe workers in Oregon and across this country can compete with anybody in the world, but the United States cannot afford to sit idly by and watch China’s destructive poli-cies cause our aluminum industry to be wiped out. As the steelworkers have pointed out repeatedly, enough is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.011 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2117 April 18, 2016 
enough. Leo Gerard and those steel-workers are standing up and fighting back, and I am honored to stand with them. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. THUNE. Madam President, in a few moments, we will be voting on end-ing debate on H.R. 636, and that will allow us to proceed to a vote on the bi-partisan Federal Aviation Administra-tion Reauthorization Act of 2016. I wish to urge my colleagues to support that motion to end debate. The legislation we are considering is not just any FAA reauthorization. This bill is the most pro-passenger and pro- security FAA reauthorization in recent history. Travelers are frustrated, and this bill contains commonsense re-forms to make travel safe and secure and more passenger-friendly. For over 2 weeks on the Senate floor now and before that in the Commerce Committee, where I serve as chairman, we have been working hard to thought-fully develop this bill and to allow for robust debate. For instance, there are drone safety provisions in the bill, in-cluding a pilot program to deploy tech-nology to intercept drones near air-ports. These provisions are obviously intended to prevent accidents like the one that happened outside the Heathrow Airport this weekend, where a drone hit an approaching plane. We developed this provision and oth-ers in the bill through an open process that allowed every member of the com-mittee to contribute and help write the bill. Last year, we held six hearings on topics that helped inform our bill, and at the committee markup last month alone, we accepted 57 amendments, 34 of which were sponsored by Democrats and 23 by Republicans. On the Senate floor, when it was reported out and taken up, we added 19 amendments, 10 from Democrats and 9 from Republican Senators. The resulting bill is one we can be proud of, and both sides of the aisle have commended us for our inclu-sive process. When there have been dif-ferences, we have been able to find ways to address or set those aside for later so the progress on the legislation could move forward. Even at this late hour, we have worked constructively to assemble a possible managers’ package of more than two dozen additional amendments that we would like to adopt by voice vote prior to final passage. Yet, even if that is not possible, I commit to those Senators whose amendments we stand prepared to accept that I will work to address their concerns as we engage with our colleagues in the House of Representatives. Now it is time to conclude our work on the bipartisan FAA bill that I intro-duced a long ways back, along with my friend and ranking member, Senator B
ILLNELSON , and our Aviation Sub-committee leaders, Senators K
ELLY  A
YOTTE and M ARIA CANTWELL . The bill includes reforms benefiting the traveling public, and we shouldn’t let them down. Let’s vote yes on the motion to end debate and start moving these historic reforms forward. As I mentioned, I have a list of 26 amendments that we would like to clear—amendments offered by both sides. It is a package we could adopt. We have a couple of objections to doing that. If the Members who have put for-ward those objections would be willing to release those objections, we would be able to get another 26 amendments adopted, many of which have been of-fered by colleagues, as I said, on both sides and many of which contain meas-ures that I think will make the bill even stronger and make it a product we can all be proud of as it moves over to the House of Representatives. There, I hope it will receive consideration and action and ultimately end up on the President’s desk. The FAA bill is legislation we have to do on a fairly routine basis around here. This authorization will stand for about 18 months. There are a number of important considerations that need to be addressed that this bill not only acknowledges but addresses. As I men-tioned, those considerations have to do with drone safety, which is an increas-ingly important issue in our economy and one where we need to make sure we have the right rules of the air, if you will, in place so that we preserve and ensure that safety is the No. 1 factor as we continue to see the increased re-search, development, and deployment of drone technologies in ways that have tremendous commercial applica-tion. As I said, it also includes a lot of passenger protections which are very consumer-friendly in terms of pas-sengers who travel on a regular basis with the airlines. So those are things as well that we need to address in this legislation. We enhanced the bill by amendment when it came to the floor with a couple of safety provisions that we think are critically important, particularly in light of what has happened of late with the attack in Brussels and a number of other attacks we have seen, where we have had aviation insiders involved, if you will—particularly the Metrojet air-liner that crashed not that long ago and killed 224 people. There are a num-ber of safety provisions that help ad-dress some of those concerns. As I said, we expand the TSA precheck program to limit the number of people who are in areas outside secure areas—outside the perimeter, so to speak—where they are more vulnerable to these types of attacks. These are all included in this legisla-tion. So from an aviation security standpoint, this bill includes the most comprehensive security measures we will have adopted in nearly a decade. As I said before, from a passenger- friendly standpoint, according to a col-umnist at the Washington Post, this is one of the most passenger-friendly FAA reauthorization bills we have seen literally in a generation. So these are reasons why this bill needs to move forward. I hope my colleagues here in the Sen-ate, when the vote comes here in a few minutes, will cast a vote in support of ending debate and allow us to move forward to a vote on final passage, which will enable this legislation to move forward to the House of Rep-resentatives and I hope ultimately to the President so he can sign it into law and put many of these provisions in place that would be good for our coun-try. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
IMMIGRATION ENFORCEMENT  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, today, I wish to pay tribute to Sarah Root, a young woman from Iowa who just graduated from college with per-fect grades. She was devoted to her family and friends and had a bright fu-ture, but she was taken from this earth too soon. I want to express my sympathies to Sarah’s parents and acknowledge Michelle Root, Sarah’s mother, who is watching today. She will be testifying tomorrow before the House Committee on the Judiciary at a hearing titled, ‘‘The Real Victims of a Reckless and Lawless Immigration Policy: Families and Survivors Speak Out on the Real Cost of This Administration’s Poli-cies.’’ The hearing will focus on how the Obama administration’s failed immi-gration policies allow thousands of criminal aliens to roam free. Michelle Root will share her personal story about the loss of her daughter and how someone in the country ille-gally was able to walk free and abscond from authorities after fatally hitting her daughter’s vehicle on graduation night. Sarah was 21 years old and had just graduated from Bellevue University with an interest in pursuing a career in criminal justice. In the words of her family, ‘‘she was full of life and ready to take on the world.’’ According to a close friend of hers, Sarah was smart, outgoing, and dedicated to her friends and family. She embodied the words: ‘‘live, laugh, love.’’ The day Sarah graduated, she was struck by a drunk driver in the country illegally. The alleged drunk driver was Edwin Mejia, who had a blood alcohol 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.014 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2118 April 18, 2016 
content of more than three times the legal limit. The driver was charged with felony motor vehicle homicide and operating a vehicle while intoxicated on Feb-ruary 3. Bail was set at $50,000, but he was only required to put up 10 percent. So, for a mere $5,000, the drunk driver walked out of jail and into the shad-ows. This case has shed light on the breakdown between the Federal Gov-ernment and State and locals. It has also been a terrible example of why the President’s policies don’t work, and how they are having a dire effect on American families like the Root fam-ily. Under President Obama’s Priority Enforcement Program, a person in the country illegally will only be detained or removed in a few limited cir-cumstances. The administration hides behind these so-called ‘‘priorities’’ to ensure that a vast majority of people in the country are not removed. Some say that nearly 90,000 illegal immi-grant criminals were released in 2015 because of this policy. The administration’s polices result in tragedies like Sarah’s. A smart young lady who had a bright future was struck by a drunk driver who entered the country illegally, and was turned over to a brother who was also in the country illegally, while awaiting his immigration court date. After the accident, local law enforce-ment apparently asked the Federal government—specifically U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement—to take custody of the driver, but the Fed-eral government declined. ICE refused to place a detainer on him. An ICE spokesman stated that the agency did not lodge a detainer on the man be-cause his arrest for felony motor vehi-cle homicide ‘‘did not meet ICE’s en-forcement priorities.’’ The driver made bond and absconded, never showing up for his hearings and required drug tests. It is difficult for the family to have closure since the man is nowhere to be found. It is un-known if he is still in the United States or if he has fled to his home country of Honduras. Sarah Root is one of many victims who have been harmed or killed be-cause of lax immigration enforcement and the notion that drunk driving isn’t always a public safety threat. Even though this tragic accident happened in the heartland of America, this is a border security problem. The driver of the vehicle that killed Sarah entered the country illegally. Every day, people are illegally enter-ing the country, being removed, enter-ing again, and committing more crimes. Illegal re-entries are happening because there are no consequences. That is what happened in Kate Steinle’s death. And, that is why we need to move on Kate’s law. That bill would deter people from il-legally re-entering by enhancing pen-alties and establishing new mandatory minimum sentences for certain individ-uals with previous felony convictions. The Obama administration cannot continue to turn a blind eye to drunk drivers, sanctuary communities, and people who ignore our laws, overstay their visas, or cross the border time and again. I am still waiting for answers from the Obama administration on this case, and many more. There are many unan-swered questions. How many more people have to die? How many more women and young peo-ple are going to be taken from their family and friends? Things have got to change. The President must rethink his policies and must find a way to ensure that crimi-nal immigrants are taken off the streets. The Obama administration should try enforcing the law, instead of its priorities, for the sake of the Amer-ican people. I want to wish Michelle Root the best of luck while she is in Washington this week, and send my thoughts to her fa-ther who is trying to find justice back home. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OATS ). The Senator from Ohio. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I rise today to echo the sentiments shared by our senior Senator from Iowa, C
HUCK  G
RASSLEY . Tomorrow morning, one of my constituents, Michelle Root, will be testifying before the House Judiciary Committee about the loss of her beau-tiful young daughter, Sarah Root. As a mother of three daughters myself, I cannot begin to fathom the pain and anguish Mrs. Root is experiencing. Earlier this year, 21-year-old Sarah Root was killed by a drunk driver. That driver, Edwin Mejia, was alleg-edly drag racing with a blood alcohol level more than three times the legal limit when he crashed into the back of Sarah’s vehicle. Edwin Mejia is also an illegal immi-grant. After causing the death of an American citizen and being charged with motor vehicle homicide, one would think he would clearly meet U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment’s so-called enforcement prior-ities. But no, citing the administra-tion’s November 2014 memo on immi-gration enforcement priorities, ICE de-clined to lodge a detainer and take cus-tody of Mejia. During a recent Home-land Security and Governmental Af-fairs Committee hearing, ICE Director Sarah Saldana actually suggested that ICE neglected to issue a detainer be-cause at the time they were contacted, Sarah Root was seriously injured, not dead. How twisted and convoluted has our immigration system become that an il-legal immigrant who, while driving drunk and drag racing, hits and either seriously injures or kills an American citizen is not considered a priority for deportation? In fact, only after a floor speech, multiple letters, and hearing questions from Senators from Nebraska and Iowa, as well as media attention and concerns raised by the Root family, did ICE finally acknowledge that they should have taken Mejia into custody. It should not take all of those actions for ICE to determine that an illegal immigrant who kills an American cit-izen should be removed from our coun-try. Tragically, after ICE declined to file a detainer against Mejia, he posted a $5,000 bond, was released, and has since disappeared. This is so despite the fact that he had a history of skipping court dates related to prior driving offenses. A few weeks ago, I spoke with Sarah’s dad, who told me that before they could even lay their daughter to rest, Mejia was released. This is truly an injustice, and we must do every-thing we can to ensure that we get an-swers in this case and prevent a similar tragedy from being replicated else-where. While America has been and always will be a nation of immigrants, we are also a nation of laws. It is a privilege to live in this country, and anyone who comes here illegally and harms our citizens should without question con-stitute a priority for removal. For ICE to decide otherwise is baffling. In recognition of their clear mistake, they have since listed Mejia on their ‘‘most wanted’’ list and acknowledged they should have taken him into cus-tody. The photograph of Sarah behind me was taken as she celebrated her grad-uation from Bellevue University with a 4.0 GPA and a bachelor’s degree in criminal investigations and prepared to begin a bright future. The next day, she was killed. While nothing can bring Sarah back, her family and friends deserve clear an-swers as to why Mejia was allowed to flee. This tragedy further underscores the administration’s failed immigra-tion enforcement priorities and should serve to spur renewed discussion about their so-called priorities. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, there are a lot of people in this country who work very, very hard. We are known in this country as a people who work hard. Montanans are no exception. We have some of the hardest working folks I know who live in that great State. Whether it is a farmer preparing the spring crop or a fishing guide preparing for the upcoming tourist season, my constituents know what a long day’s work looks like. In fact, many of my constituents work two jobs so they can put food on the table and a roof over their head and can save for their kid’s college education. These folks don’t wake up in the morning and say: Hey, I think I will take the year off and just sit it out. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.022 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2119 April 18, 2016 
That is why it is no surprise that when I went home for the March re-cess, Montanans were overwhelmingly disgusted with the majority’s decision to refuse to do their job. Constituent after constituent asked me what the heck we were doing back here. Local editorial boards even chimed in. The Billings Gazette, my State’s largest newspaper, tore the majority to shreds, saying that those who crow about making Washington work better are intentionally sabotaging the sys-tem, making it work worse. The Montana Standard, in ‘‘Butte, America,’’ accused Senators of ‘‘shirk-ing their constitutional responsibil-ities’’ and denounced their tactics as ‘‘a pretty shoddy way to do business.’’ If that wasn’t enough, the Bozeman Daily Chronicle described the crusade as ‘‘nothing but an abdication of re-sponsibility and another example of the kind of playground-level obstruc-tion that has soured so many Ameri-cans on Congress and contributed to the divisive meltdown in the race to the GOP nomination for President.’’ Now here we are. It has been 33 days since Judge Garland was nominated to the Supreme Court—33 days and count-ing. Yet there are no hearings in sight, no chance for the American people to have their voices heard through their elected representatives, no chance to ask tough questions of the nominee. This week we will hear the majority leader talk about regular order with re-spect to appropriations bills. But if regular order is good enough for appro-priations bills, it is good enough for a Supreme Court nomination. The bottom line is this. The Amer-ican people are as frustrated as I am. They are fed up with the obstruc-tionism, and they want Congress to do its job. So let’s have a hearing in the Senate Judiciary Committee, and then let’s have a vote in the Senate. As the Mon-tana Standard says, anything less than that is ‘‘a pretty shoddy way to do business.’’ I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, in about 8 minutes we are going to start the vote on a motion for cloture, moving forward on the FAA bill. We have had a lot of debate about this. It passed with very little objection in the Com-merce Committee. We have a package of 26 amendments, all of which have been cleared. We hope that can go as a separate amendment, almost like a managers’ package. They are all non-controversial. I am quite encouraged that we are making a number of reforms in the FAA that I have spoken about at length and that the chairman of the committee, Senator T
HUNE , has spoken about at length. It is a good bill. Its previous adoption on a motion for clo-ture was something like 94 to 4. So you see where we are going. Then we will get into conference with the House, although it is my under-standing they have not passed their bill. They passed it out of committee, but they have some controversial things. Hopefully, they will get it out, and we will be able to come to terms and get this reauthorization of the FAA, which we had to extend in a short-term reauthorization, because the clock is ticking. So I just wanted to share that with the Senate. 
PROTECTING THE MANATEE  
Now, Mr. President, since we have some time and no Senator is seeking recognition, I want to tell the Pre-siding Officer about a creature we have in Florida. We have lots of interesting creatures. There are things that come in that are like alien species, such as the Burmese python that they esti-mate—the Superintendent of Ever-glades National Park has estimated that there may be as many as 150,000. They got one 15-foot female, and she had 54 eggs in her. So you see how pro-lific they are. You cannot find them. The only way you can really find them is if there is a cold snap, because they will come out of the water, out of the river of grass where they are so exquisitely camou-flaged. In a cold snap, they will come out of the water and up to the tree is-lands. Of course, you have seen some of those monsters—18 footers. Well, they had another critter that we have, because in Florida we do have alligators. Lo and behold, you may have seen this alligator. This alligator was 800 pounds and 15 feet long. He had been in a lake that was created in a cattle pasture, and he had been eating cows, so he had plenty of food. Well, this alligator, of course, is a critter that is native to Florida. It is the croc-odile that is imported. You can tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile because the alligator has a rounded snout and the crocodile has a pointed one. All of this is to tell you we have another crit-ter that is the most loveable critter, and we have had it on the endangered list. This is the animal called the man-atee; some people call it a sea cow. These adorable creatures breathe air but live in the water. They have little flippers and a big body. Of course, they have these lovable faces. They have been endangered primarily because of boat propellers cutting them up. So we have had a serious effort at reducing the speeds of boats to a slow idle in manatee areas to protect them. They also get bothered by cold water. When there is a cold snap, they will mi-grate to warmer water. Pollution is an-other cause of the manatee being en-dangered. There has been a comeback. Around 20 years ago, there were only 1,200 of them in the world. That population has grown upward to 6,000. Here is the point: The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service wants to take them off the endangered list and put them into a lesser category. Those of us who want to protect these critters don’t want them to come off the endangered list. If I had thought enough in advance, I would have brought a picture of a man-atee. They are the most loveable crit-ters. You can get in the water, you can swim with them, and you can feed them. When you feed them a pellet of food, they nibble like a horse nibbles sugar out of your hand—all of this under water. They are the most adorable critters. They love to be rubbed on their tum-mies. They love fresh water. In a brackish water system, where you can take a fresh water hose, they will come up and just drink the water, and then they will roll over so you can spray them underneath their flippers. Thank goodness they have re-bounded, but there is a lot more to re-bound. So, I wanted to share our cru-sade—our efforts to try to keep the manatee on the endangered list and to protect them. I yield the floor. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3680 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, amendment No. 3680 is agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3679, AS AMENDED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, amendment No. 3679, as amended, is agreed to. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Calendar No. 55, H.R. 636, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Daniel Coats, Lamar Alexander, Bob Corker, Roger F. Wicker, Orrin G. Hatch, Thom Tillis, John Hoeven, Kelly Ayotte, John Thune, Mike Rounds, Roy Blunt, John Cornyn, Pat Roberts, John Barrasso, Johnny Isakson, James M. Inhofe. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on H.R. 636, as amended, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.016 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2120 April 18, 2016 
from Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), and the Sen-ator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Mr. DURBN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 89, nays 5, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 46 Leg.] YEAS—- 89 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—- 5 
Boxer Lee Portman Risch Rubio 
NOT VOTING—- 6 
Blunt Crapo Cruz Flake Sanders Toomey 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. On this vote, the yeas are 89, the nays are 5. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. The Senator from Hawaii. 
UNITED STATES V . TEXAS  
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, today the Supreme Court heard oral argu-ments in United States v. Texas. This case is a challenge to President Obama’s Executive actions to prioritize U.S. immigration enforcement. In 2012, the President used his legal authority to establish the Deferred Ac-tion for Childhood Arrivals Program, or DACA. DACA has given nearly 700,000 undocumented young people the opportunity to come out of the shad-ows to pursue their dreams through education and jobs. In 2014, again acting within existing legal authority, the President an-nounced an expansion of the successful DACA Program. He also created a new Deferred Action for Parents of Ameri-cans and Lawful Permanent Residents Program, or DAPA. DAPA allows the undocumented parents of U.S.-born and legal permanent resident children, the majority of whom are U.S. citizens, to stay in this country with their fami-lies. Together, the expanded DACA and DAPA were expected to enable nearly 5 million people to come out of the shad-ows without fear of deportation. Unfor-tunately, Texas and 25 other States have challenged the President’s au-thority to issue these Executive orders, resulting in the Supreme Court hearing today. Hundreds of DREAMers, Muslim stu-dents, and activists from California, New York, New Jersey, and elsewhere rallied on the Supreme Court steps this morning. I spoke with them and heard their stories and their hopes that the Supreme Court would make the right decision in support of the President and the millions of DACA and DAPA families. Many carried signs and stick-ers that read ‘‘Keep families together.’’ Keeping families together is at the crux of the President’s Executive or-ders—families like that of Gabriela Andrade, who, as a teenager, fled vio-lence in Brazil and settled in Texas be-fore coming to Hawaii. While Gabriela’s sister and parents were granted visas through a lottery sys-tem, Gabriela fell through the cracks. Until President Obama announced the DACA Program, she lived in fear of being separated from her entire family. She said: DACA pulled me out of limbo and gave me a life again. It allowed me to go back to school to pursue a bachelor’s degree in polit-ical science, to volunteer with several local organizations. 
Today, Gabriela is an advocate for DREAMers like herself. President Obama’s DAPA and expanded DACA Programs would help thousands of fam-ilies like Gabriela’s who want to stay together and be contributing members of our communities without the daily fear of deportation. To tear undocu-mented parents away from their chil-dren and put these U.S.-born children in foster care is unconscionable. To de-port people who were brought here when they were very young—to essen-tially tear them away from the United States, the only home and country they have known—is also unconscion-able. These young people would be facing insurmountable odds, and I can cer-tainly relate to some of the challenges they face. When I was almost 8 years old, my mother, brothers, and I legally immigrated to the United States. When we first arrived in Hawaii, we certainly struggled. I had to navigate the public school system without speaking a word of English. My mother worked low-pay-ing jobs with no job security, and we struggled to make ends meet. But we took strength in being together as a family. However, in addition to facing the kind of challenges my whole family faced when we first arrived in this country, DACA and DAPA families live in constant fear that they will be ripped apart through deportation. These families and children have been living in limbo for over a year while the legal challenges work their way through the system, through the courts. In addition, United States v. Texas is also pushing DREAMers who are eligi-ble for the original DACA Program, which is not being challenged, further into the shadows. Singai Masiya, who heads the Aloha DREAM Team in my home State and is a DREAMer himself, told my office that DACA-eligible people in Hawaii stopped applying for DACA. Why? They are afraid that if the Court rules against President Obama’s Executive actions, their application information will be used to deport them. This is a real fear in our communities. United States v. Texas not only af-fects the lives of the more than 7,000 DACA- and DAPA-eligible Hawaii resi-dents, it affects our economy. Over 10 years, DACA, DAPA, and expanded DACA are projected to provide a $276 million cumulative increase in Ha-waii’s State gross domestic product. The Center for American Progress also projects that, over 10 years, DACA, DAPA, and DACA expansion would pro-vide a $136 million increase in the com-bined earnings of Hawaii’s residents. However, in order to see these eco-nomic benefits, the Justices of the Su-preme Court must rule on the side of DREAMers and the DAPA families. My hope is that the Supreme Court rules that the President is well within his legal authority in expanding DACA and DAPA and allows these Executive ac-tions to be implemented. I note, however, that Executive ac-tions, important as they are, are not enough. The President himself has called on Congress to fix our broken immigration system so that 11 million undocumented people in our country can come out of the shadows and live and work openly. It has been almost 3 years since the Senate passed bipartisan, comprehen-sive immigration reform. I call upon Congress to do our jobs and enact fair, humane, and sensible immigration re-form—recognizing that we are, indeed, a country of immigrants. That fact is at the very root of our strength as a nation. Mr. President, I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, at 12 noon on Tues-day, April 19, the Senate vote on pas-sage of H.R. 636, as amended; further, that following the disposition of H.R. 636, as amended, the Senate resume 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.030 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2121 April 18, 2016 
consideration of S. 2012, the Energy Modernization Act, as under the pre-vious order; that following disposition of S. 2012, as amended, if amended, but not prior to Wednesday, April 20, the cloture motion with respect to the mo-tion to proceed to H.R. 2028 be with-drawn and the Senate proceed to the consideration of H.R. 2028, the energy and water appropriations bill. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
BUDGET ACT ENFORCEMENT DETAILS Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2015, Public Law 114–74, included an instruction to the chairman of the Senate Committee on the Budget to file allocations, aggre-gates, and budgetary levels in the Sen-ate after April 15, 2016. Today, I wish to submit the required filing found in that act. Specifically, section 102 of the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2015 requires the chairman to file: No. 1, an allocation for fiscal year 2017 for the Committee on Appropriations; No. 2, an allocation for fiscal years 2017, 2017 through 2021, and 2017 through 2026 for committees other than the Committee on Appro-priations; No. 3, aggregate spending levels for fiscal year 2017; No. 4, aggre-gate revenue levels for fiscal years 2017, 2017 through 2021, and 2017 through 2026; and No. 5, aggregate levels of outlays and revenue for fiscal years 2017, 2017 through 2021, and 2017 through 2026 for Social Security. The figures included in this filing are consistent with the discretionary spending limits set forth in the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2015 and the most recent baseline from the Congressional Budget Office, CBO. CBO’s last baseline was released on March 24, 2016. In addition to the update for enforce-able limits above, section 102(c) of the act allows for the matter contained in subtitles A and B of title IV of S. Con. Res. 11, the fiscal year 2016 congres-sional budget resolution, to be updated by 1 fiscal year. Pursuant to this au-thority, all reserve funds available to the Senate in title IV of last year’s budget resolution are updated and available for use. For purposes of enforcing the Sen-ate’s pay-as-you-go rule, which is found in section 201 of S. Con. Res. 21, the fis-cal year 2008 congressional budget reso-lution, I am resetting the Senate’s scorecard to zero for all fiscal years. All years in the accompanying tables are fiscal years. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables detailing enforce-ment in the Senate be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY TO SENATE COM-MITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017— PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET ACT OF 1974 AND SECTION 102 OF THE BI-PARTISAN BUDGET ACT OF 1974 
[$ Billions] Budget Authority Outlays 
Appropriations: Revised Security Category Dis-cretionary Budget Authority
1 551.068 n/a Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Au-thority
1................................ 518.531 n/a General Purpose Outlays
1....... n/a 1,181.800 Memo: Subtotal .................................... 1,069.599 1,181,800 on-budget ........................ 1,064.120 1,176.252 off-budget ....................... 5.479 5.548 Mandatory ................................ 1,018.836 1,006.323 
1The allocation will be adjusted following the reporting of bills, offering of amendments, or submission of conference reports that qualify for adjust-ments to the discretionary spending limits as outlined in section 251(b) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY TO SENATE COM-MITTEES OTHER THAN APPROPRIATIONS—PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET ACT OF 1974 AND SECTION 102 OF THE BIPARTISAN BUDG-ET ACT OF 2015 
[$ Billions] 2017 2017–2021 2017–2026 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Budget Authority 133.326 654.992 1,326.950 Outlays ................ 121.522 602.813 1,227.781 Armed Services Budget Authority 162.573 866.345 1,881.840 Outlays ................ 162.554 862.324 1,878.407 Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Budget Authority 23.973 114.120 214.810 Outlays ................ 1.767 ¥6.607 ¥44.043 Commerce, Science, and Transportation Budget Authority 19.605 97.564 200.873 Outlays ................ 14.226 78.209 153.228 Energy and Natural Re-sources Budget Authority 4.033 22.689 45.474 Outlays ................ 3.875 23.019 46.064 Environment and Public Works Budget Authority 45.086 220.077 424.157 Outlays ................ 2.593 12.994 25.832 Finance Budget Authority 2,276.978 13,076.286 31,139.783 Outlays ................ 2,261.358 13,047.872 31,097.877 Foreign Relations Budget Authority 36.313 163.870 312.459 Outlays ................ 30.758 149.512 296.865 Homeland Security and Government Affairs Budget Authority 139.899 743.132 1,605.694 Outlays ................ 138.184 730.863 1,571.460 Judiciary Budget Authority 30.054 90.554 164.524 Outlays ................ 16.069 94.016 171.897 Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Budget Authority 17.155 91.885 180.246 Outlays ................ 15.792 90.782 186.736 Rules and Administra-tion Budget Authority 0.065 0.332 0.664 Outlays ................ 0.036 0.200 0.429 Intelligence Budget Authority 0.514 2.570 5.140 Outlays ................ 0.514 2.570 5.140 Veterans’ Affairs Budget Authority 102.652 550.283 1,227.001 Outlays ................ 108.093 557.484 1,233.278 Indian Affairs Budget Authority 0.469 2.053 4.484 Outlays ................ 0.829 3.038 5.263 Small Business Budget Authority 0.000 0.000 0.000 Outlays ................ 0.000 0.000 0.000 Unassigned to Com-mittee Budget Authority¥844.465 ¥4,648.714 ¥10,722.295 Outlays ................¥835.231 ¥4,607.534 ¥10,646.215 TOTAL.Budget Authority 2,148.230 12,048.038 28,011.804 ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY TO SENATE COM-MITTEES OTHER THAN APPROPRIATIONS—PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET ACT OF 1974 AND SECTION 102 OF THE BIPARTISAN BUDG-ET ACT OF 2015—Continued 
[$ Billions] 2017 2017–2021 2017–2026 
Outlays ................ 2,042.939 11,641.555 27,209.999 
Includes entitlements funded in annual appropriations acts. 
BUDGET AGGREGATES—PURSUANT TO SECTION 311 OF THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET ACT OF 1974 AND SEC-TION 102 OF THE BIPARTISAN BUDGET ACT OF 2015 
[$ Billions] 2017 2017–2021 2017–2026 
Spending: Budget Authority ............. 3,212.350 N.A. N.A. Outlays ............................ 3,219.191 N.A. N.A. Revenue: ................................... 2,681.976 14,498.308 32,350.752 
N.A.= Not Applicable. 
SOCIAL SECURITY LEVELS—PURSUANT TO SECTION 311 OF THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET ACT OF 1974 AND SECTION 102 OF THE BIPARTISAN BUDGET ACT OF 2015 
[$ Billions] 2017 2017–2021 2017–2026 
Outlays ..................................... 805.365 4,609.710 11,047.979 Revenue .................................... 826.094 4,438.985 9,738.619 
PAY-AS-YOU-GO SCORECARD FOR THE SENATE 
[$ Billions] Balances 
Fiscal Years 2016 through 2021 ........................... 0 Fiscal Years 2016 through 2026 ........................... 0 
f 
CALLING FOR RENEWED ATTENTION TO BOKO HARAM Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I wish to bring renewed attention to the continued violence perpetrated by Boko Haram against women and chil-dren. It has now been 2 years since the hor-rific kidnapping of 279 school girls in Nigeria. In the aftermath of this brazen attack, Senator M
IKULSKI and I, joined by the other women in the Senate, strongly advocated for the imposition of sanctions on Boko Haram, and the international community responded by doing just that. We were grateful for Secretary Kerry’s swift action to get this done at the United Nations, and Boko Haram is now subject to a com-plete asset freeze, travel ban, and arms embargo. In addition, the Senate unanimously passed legislation that I authored to require a comprehensive, 5-year strat-egy to combat Boko Haram at the end of last year. Next week, I am sending a letter signed by many of the cospon-sors of this legislation to our col-leagues in the House of Representa-tives, urging them to take up this im-portant measure. Nevertheless, Boko Haram has con-tinued to wage its relentless war on in-nocent civilians in Nigeria and throughout the Lake Chad Basin since it declared its allegiance to ISIS last year. More women and more girls have been kidnapped. Although some of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.023 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2122 April 18, 2016 
captives have escaped, most are still lost, likely subjected to forced mar-riages, religious conversions, sexual trafficking, slavery, and possibly forced to carry out suicide bombings on behalf of Boko Haram. According to UNICEF, 39 out of 89 Boko Haram suicide bombings in 2015 were carried out by women, and the number of children involved in suicide bombings increased tenfold in just one year. The fact that children are being used as weapons in Boko Haram’s ter-ror campaign speaks to the inhumanity and total disregard for life that is at the core of this terrorist group’s per-verse ideology. As Boko Haram in-creasingly relies upon women and chil-dren to carry out its attacks, survivors who have lived through such unimagi-nable ordeals are often met with sus-picion when they return to their com-munities. Such marginalization ex-tends their suffering. In a letter to Nigeria’s bishops, Pope Francis wrote: ‘‘Do not grow tired of doing what is right.’’ He urged: ‘‘Go forward on the way of peace. Accom-pany the victims! Come to the aid of the poor! Teach the youth!’’ I could not agree more. We must keep fighting to ensure that all Nigerians can live in peace and that young girls everywhere can pursue an education without fear of violence or intimidation. 
f 
NATIONAL HEALTHCARE DECISIONS DAY Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I am pleased to recognize that Saturday, April 16, 2016, was National Healthcare Decisions Day. National Healthcare Decisions Day exists to inspire, edu-cate, and empower the public and pro-viders about the importance of advance care planning. Started by a Richmond attorney as a local grassroots initia-tive in Virginia, NHDD became an an-nual event in 2008, and today it is rec-ognized across all 50 States. Faith- based groups, doctors and nurses, hos-pitals, patients, and caregivers alike are engaged in these efforts. NHDD is an opportunity for all Americans to discuss their preferences and goals with family and friends—and this starts with filling out an advance di-rective. In the last year, we have made real progress in giving Americans access to the clear, consistent, and concise infor-mation they need to make critical health care decisions, and there is a growing awareness of the need to transform advanced care, both among providers and families. In my own State of Virginia, the gen-eral assembly recently designated April as Advance Care Planning Month. Around the Commonwealth, Virginians are innovating and creating new mod-els of care to provide patients with the tools and support to make their own advanced care decisions. For example, the Richmond Academy of Medicine’s Honoring Choices Initiative is a part-nership with three major health care systems working to adopt nationally recognized best practices and adapting them to the needs of patients, families, doctors, and hospitals in central Vir-ginia. On the ground, Virginians are holding dozens of events this month to encourage individuals to fill out an ad-vance directive. This year has been a significant one at the national level as well. For the first time, Medicare providers are being compensated for spending time with their patients to discuss their health care decisions. And I am pleased that the bipartisan Care Planning Act, which I introduced again this last year with Senator ISAKSON , has gained more support than ever, including from near-ly 90 health and senior advocacy groups. The purpose of the Care Plan-ning Act is to align the care people want with the level of care they get. It doesn’t limit choices; it works to make sure people are made fully aware of the broad range of choices they have. The growing support for this legislation demonstrates just how far the con-versation around advance care plan-ning has come. While physician reim-bursement is an important first step, the Care Planning Act provides a strong, bipartisan foundation for Con-gress as we consider how to further em-power patients to make informed choices about their own care. I am working to advance this con-versation wherever I can. For example, Senator I
SAKSON and I are cochairs of the Finance Committee’s bipartisan chronic care working group, and we are looking at a broad range of policies so that chronically ill patients receive the highest quality care at all stages of illness, especially towards the end of life. We are not going to pass the Care Planning Act in full as a part of that process, but I see this process as a real way to move the ball forward. While this process remains a work in progress, I am hopeful that we will be able to get some of these bipartisan provisions done. I know how important this is not just from my time serving as a Governor and as a Senator but through the eyes of a loved one who struggled with these issues. My own mother suffered from Alzheimer’s disease for 10 years, and for 9 of those years, she couldn’t speak. My father, sister, and I found grappling with the challenges of caring for her difficult. The difficulty was greater be-cause, when she was first diagnosed, my family didn’t take the opportunity to talk in an honest and fully informed way with her and her health care pro-viders about the full array of health care options available or about what her priorities would be during the final years of her life. Care planning is a subject that most people do their best to avoid, but on National Healthcare Decisions Day, I urge all Americans to fill out an ad-vance directive and to have these con-versations. I also urge my fellow pol-icymakers to continue engaging in this dialogue to improve advanced care planning at all levels—Federal, State, local—so that at the end of the day, we are empowering Americans and their loved ones. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO JAMES WAGNER ∑Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, today I am honored to recognize in the R
ECORD  James W. Wagner, a leader at the helm of one of Georgia’s great institutions of higher education, Emory University. After 13 years as president of Emory University, Mr. Wagner will soon be stepping down from his position. I feel I would be remiss if I did not mark some of his achievements at Emory here in the R
ECORD , as the success of Emory University and its students has made a difference to our Nation. Emory University’s reputation as a private research university that has led in academic, research, and health care eminence extends far beyond its beautiful campus, which is headquartered in the beautiful Druid Hills neighborhood of Atlanta, GA. President Wagner has enhanced the school’s reputation, recruiting a world- class and diverse community of schol-ars and researchers who have secured an increased number of appointments to national academies and an increased amount of external research funding that added up to more than $570 mil-lion in 2015. President Wagner guided the Emory community in developing the univer-sity’s first vision statement, which es-tablished the foundation for a 10-year strategic plan focused on strengthening faculty distinction, ensuring the high-est student quality, enhancing the stu-dent experience, and exploring new frontiers in science and technology. President Wagner also led a fund-raising campaign that resulted in the investment of $1.7 billion in support of the university’s initiatives in teaching, research, scholarship, patient care, and social action. In short, President Wagner has ad-vanced all aspects of the university’s mission through the innovative design and construction of a number of new facilities to support health sciences re-search, science education, residential life, library resources, and patient care. I hope that President Wagner and I will remain in touch wherever his next step takes him, and I wish him and his wife, Debbie, the very best.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.026 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2123 April 18, 2016 
from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 1670. An act to direct the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair honoring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 3:04 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2666. An act to prohibit the Federal Communications Commission from regu-lating the rates charged for broadband Inter-net access service. H.R. 3340. An act to place the Financial Stability Oversight Council and the Office of Financial Research under the regular appro-priations process, to provide for certain quarterly reporting and public notice and comment requirements for the Office of Fi-nancial Research, and for other purposes. H.R. 3791. An act to raise the consolidated assets threshold under the small bank hold-ing company policy statement, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3340. An act to place the Financial Stability Oversight Council and the Office of Financial Research under the regular appro-priations process, to provide for certain quarterly reporting and public notice and comment requirements for the Office of Fi-nancial Research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 3791. An act to raise the consolidated assets threshold under the small bank hold-ing company policy statement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5111. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Acequinocyl; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9944–34) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5112. A communication from the Chief of the Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch, Food and Nutrition Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program: Nu-trition Education and Obesity Prevention Grant Program’’ (RIN0584–AE07) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5113. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Sec-retary of Agriculture, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–5114. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral David D. Halverson, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5115. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Mark S. Bowman, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieuten-ant general on the retired list; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–5116. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revi-sions to the Export Administration Regula-tions Based on the 2015 Missile Technology Control Regime Plenary Agreements’’ (RIN0694–AG77) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5117. A communication from the Presi-dent and Chief Executive Officer, Securities Investor Protection Corporation, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Order Approving the Determination of the Board of Directors of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation not to Ad-just for Inflation the Standard Maximum Cash Advance Amount and Notice of the Standard Maximum Cash Advance Amount’’ received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6 , 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5118. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Findings of Failure to Submit State Implementation Plans Required for Attain-ment of the 2010 1-Hour Primary Sulfur Diox-ide National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS)’’ (FRL No. 9944–88–OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5119. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; New York; Update to Materials Incorporated by Ref-erence’’ (FRL No. 9935–51–Region 2) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–5120. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator for Fisheries, Office of Protected Resources, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Final Rule to List the Tanzanian DPS of African Coelacanth (Latimeria chalumnae) as Threatened Under the Endangered Species Act’’ (RIN0648–XD681) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5121. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applica-tions of Bioassay for Radioiodine’’ (Regu-latory Guide 8.20, Revision 2) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5122. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Bio-assay at Uranium Mills’’ (Regulatory Guide 8.22, Revision 2) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5123. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator for Fisheries, Office of Protected Resources, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Final Rule to List Eleven Distinct Population Segments of the Green Sea Turtle (Chelonia mydas) as Endangered or Threatened and Revision of Current Listings Under the Endangered Spe-cies Act’’ (RIN0648–XB089) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5124. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applica-tions of Bioassay for Uranium’’ (Regulatory Guide 8.11, Revision 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5125. A communication from the Direc-tor, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the annual report of the Fish and Wildlife Service on reasonably identifiable expendi-tures for the conservation of endangered and threatened species for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5126. A communication from the Acting Commissioner of the Social Security Admin-istration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the Administration’s fiscal year 2015 Competitive Sourcing efforts; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5127. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of the Workers’ Com-pensation Offset from Age 65 to Full Retire-ment Age—Achieving a Better Life Experi-ence (ABLE) Act.’’ (RIN0960–AH65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–5128. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2016–0032 - 2016–0054); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5129. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Administrator, Sub-stance Abuse and Mental Health Services, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.001 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2124 April 18, 2016 
Department of Health and Human Services, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5130. A communication from the Sec-retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Department of Transpor-tation’s fiscal year 2015 annual report rel-ative to the Notification and Federal Em-ployee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5131. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘District of Columbia Agencies’ Compliance with Fiscal Year 2015 Small Business Enterprise Expend-iture Goals’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5132. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Management Alert to the Department of Housing and Community Development Regarding the Housing Production Trust Fund’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–5133. A communication from the Chief Judge, Superior Court of the District of Co-lumbia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the District of Columbia Family Court Act; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5134. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Special Diabetes Program for Indians 2014 Report to Congress, Changing the Course of Diabetes: Turning Hope into Reality’’; to the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs. EC–5135. A communication from the Super-visory Human Resources Specialist, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, six (6) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of Justice, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5136. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Place-ment of AH–7921 into Schedule I’’ (Docket No. DEA–432) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5137. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Pacific Halibut Fish-eries; Catch Sharing Plan’’ (RIN0648–BF75) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5138. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–6537)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5139. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1047)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5140. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2012–0187)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5141. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–5036)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5142. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–3983)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5143. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–5038)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5144. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; BAE Systems (Operations) Limited Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4212)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5145. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Weatherly Aircraft Com-pany Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–5422)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5146. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Honeywell International Inc. (Type Certificate previously held by AlliedSignal Inc., Garrett Turbine Engine Company) Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–2208)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5147. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corpora-tion (Sikorsky) Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3942)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5148. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D Airspace; Bartow, FL’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–4239)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5149. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace, and Amendment of Class E Airspace; Lake City, FL’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015– 4010)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5150. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Wil-mington, OH’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–7486)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5151. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Rapid City, SD’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–7492)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5152. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace for the following Michigan Towns; Alpena, MI; and Muskegon, MI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015– 7483)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5153. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, Office of the General Counsel, Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Standard for Architectural Glazing Materials’’ (CPSC Docket No. CPSC–2012–0049) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5154. A communication from the Chair-man of the Office of Proceedings, Surface Transportation Board, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revised Procedural Schedule in Stand-Alone Cases’’ (RIN2140– AB26) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5155. A communication from the Staff Attorney, Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Glazing Standards’’ (RIN2130–AC43) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation . EC–5156. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of the Secretary, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Assistant Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.006 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2125 April 18, 2016 
for Aviation and International Affairs, re-ceived in the office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5157. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Administrator, Fed-eral Transit Administration, Department of Transportation, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–147. A resolution adopted by the House of Representatives of the State of Kansas urging the federal government to re-quire the use of sound science in evaluating crop protection chemistries and nutrients; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. H
OUSE RESOLUTION NO. 6045 Whereas, Agriculture is crucial to the con-tinued production of food, feed, fiber and en-ergy to meet both domestic and global de-mand; and Whereas, In the United States, the agri-culture and value-added industries and busi-nesses utilize precision farming equipment, crop protection chemistries, genetic engi-neering or enhancement, agricultural nutri-ents and other modern technologies. Such advanced practices protect the safety of the public and reduce environmental and natural resource impacts, while increasing yields, improving profitability and ensuring an abundant, affordable and wholesome food supply; and Whereas, Agricultural production systems and crop protection are among the most studied and highly regulated of all indus-tries, at both the state and federal levels. The use of sound science should be the bed-rock of our nation’s regulatory scheme for the agriculture and food production indus-tries, as these industries are critical to the economic vitality of Kansas and the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, By the House of Representatives of the State of Kansas: That we support the use of sound science to study and regulate modern agricultural technologies such as crop protection chemistries and genetically engineered or enhanced traits and nutrients; and be it further Resolved, That we oppose legislative or reg-ulatory action at any level that may result in unnecessary restrictions on the use of modern agricultural technologies. 
POM–148. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Kansas urging the President of the United States to obey the United States Constitution and de-clare that the detention facility at Naval Station Guantanamo Bay will remain; to the Committee on Armed Services. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 5024 Whereas, The President of the United States, Barack Obama, has threatened to move the terrorist detainees currently held at Naval Station Guantanamo Bay to Fort Leavenworth without regard to the wishes or the safety of the people of Kansas; and Whereas, The President has threatened to close the detention facility at Naval Station Guantanamo Bay; and Whereas, The threat of the transfer has been underscored by visits to Fort Leaven-worth by officials of his Administration, pre-paring for the threatened transfer; and Whereas, Many detainees that have been released have continued to fight against this country and its allies; and Whereas, This President and others have insisted that the mere existence of the de-tention facility at Guantanamo has inflamed terrorists around the world and aided in their recruitments; and Whereas, Transferring the detainees to Fort Leavenworth will only transfer the ire of terrorists worldwide from Guantanamo to Fort Leavenworth; and Whereas, This President has a dem-onstrated willingness to violate American law; and Whereas, This President has said that he will go around the Congress to accomplish his agenda; and Whereas, Closing the Naval Station at Guantanamo has been high on this Presi-dent’s agenda since before he was first elect-ed; and Whereas, The President has continually sought to weaken our standing in the world; and Whereas, The terrorists have demonstrated an ability and willingness to conduct attacks in America, in furtherance of their savage war against America; and Whereas, Detonating large bombs in civil-ian communities in the vicinity of Fort Leavenworth would be exactly the sort of demonstration that the terrorists would try; and Whereas, Fort Leavenworth does not have the necessary facilities to hold and care for the detainees and would, for example, be forced to transport them through the city of Leavenworth to access medical care, thereby presenting additional soft, tempting targets for attacks; and Whereas, The surrounding community does not have the law enforcement, emergency re-sponse resources or the physical capability to harden potential civilian targets in the surrounding area. Transferring detainees to Fort Leavenworth represents a predictable, direct and unnecessarily high risk to Amer-ican citizens in the vicinity of Fort Leaven-worth; and Whereas, The Naval Station at Guanta-namo is a high security facility designed to both house high risk detainees and be secure from attack by external forces. This facility has not been the object of an external ter-rorist attack and, if it had been attacked, it would not have represented a threat to American civilians or communities; and Whereas, The intentional placement of de-tainees on American soil, physically within an American community, would unneces-sarily and intentionally put American citi-zens at much greater risk. It follows that any move by the President or other members of the Federal, State or local government to move the detainees to Fort Leavenworth would mean intentionally and knowingly placing American citizens at greater risk, in violation of the government’s sworn oath to support and defend them against enemies, foreign or domestic; and Whereas, Officers from over one hundred countries attend classes at Fort Leaven-worth; and Whereas, Many of these officers would not bring their families nor be permitted by their countries to attend, if the detainees were transferred to Fort Leavenworth, there-by hurting the local economy; and Whereas, These officers and their families represent an important bond and link among our nations. Their loss will not just affect the local economy, but would potentially have grave impacts on our future ability to effectively and successfully find peaceful so-lutions to international problems: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives of the State of Kansas, the Senate concurring therein, That the Legislature of the State of Kansas urges the President of the United States to obey the Constitution of the United States and the laws of this country, the people of which have placed him in a po-sition of great trust and responsibility and depend upon him to ensure that the laws be upheld and that their security be main-tained; and be it further Resolved, That the President must declare that the detention facility at Naval Station Guantanamo Bay will remain, and that the de-tainees will continue to be held there, until said detainees are given proper, lawful disposition, in accordance with the Laws of War and the best interests of the safety of the people of the United States and their allies. POM–149. A resolution adopted by the Sen-ate of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania urging the United States Congress to mod-ernize the federal cap on the locally set Pas-senger Facility Charges user fee by setting it at $8.50 and adjusting it periodically to offset the impacts of inflation; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 261 Whereas, In 2010, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania’s public use airports supported approximately 304,000 jobs, generated $9.2 bil-lion in annual payroll and produced $23.6 bil-lion in annual economic activities; and Whereas, In 1990, the Congress of the United States authorized Passenger Facility Charges (PFCs), local user fees collected for every boarded passenger, to help airports of all sizes meet their capital needs to finance Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) ap-proved projects such as terminals, parking and multimodal projects that enhance safe-ty, security, capacity, noise reduction or in-crease air carrier competition; and Whereas, PFCs are locally determined fees collected at the point of sale, which do not affect Federal expenditures; and Whereas, The PFC cap was last raised in 2000 when Congress set it at $4.50; and Whereas, Inflation has eroded the buying power of PFCs by approximately one-half since then due to rising construction costs; and Whereas, There is a growing recognition of the need for infrastructure finance and fund-ing to keep pace with inflation and action for doing so such as the act of November 25, 2014 (P.L. 974, No. 89) in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; and Whereas, Modernizing the PFC cap to $8.50 now and indexing it for inflation would re-store its original purchasing power and pro-vide local communities with the ability to set their individual PFC user fees based on locally determined needs for ensuring the safety and security of their airports; and Whereas, Over the next five years, airports will require more than $75 billion to improve infrastructure to prevent passenger delays and congestion; and Whereas, Direct Federal funding through the FAA Airport Improvement Program has declined 10% over the past six years and cov-ers only a fraction of the total infrastructure projects required to upgrade and maintain the world-class aviation system: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate of the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania urge the Congress of the United States to modernize the Federal cap on the locally set PFC user fee by set-ting it at $8.50 and adjusting it periodically to offset the impacts of inflation; and be it further Resolved, That a copy of this resolution to be sent to the President of the United States, the presiding officers of each house of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.008 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2126 April 18, 2016 
Congress and to each member of Congress from Pennsylvania. 
POM–150. A joint memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Idaho urging the United States Congress to ensure the contin-ued appropriation of watercraft inspection station funding in the fiscal year 2017 budget to significantly enhance aquatic invasive species prevention efforts and to implement the intent of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. S
ENATE JOINT MEMORIAL NO. 104 Whereas, maintaining a healthy suite of economic, environmental and social eco-system services in aquatic systems is inte-gral to the quality of life in the State of Idaho; and Whereas, healthy aquatic habitats provide clean drinking water, flood control, trans-portation, recreation, purification of human and industrial wastes, power generation, habitat for native plants and animals, pro-duction of fish and other foods, marketable goods and cultural benefits; and Whereas, Dreissenid mussels, specifically quagga mussels (Dreissena rostriformis bugensis) and zebra mussels (Dreissena polymorpha), are aquatic invasive species that cause irreparable ecological damage to many waters in the United States; and Whereas, Dreissenids have not yet been de-tected in the Pacific Northwest. The esti-mated annual cost to address established populations of Dreissenids in the Pacific Northwest Economic Region is almost $0.5 billion annually; and Whereas, the Water Resources Reform and Development Act was signed in June 2014. Section 1039 of the act authorizes $20 million for Columbia River Basin watercraft inspec-tion stations to prevent introduction of Dreissenid mussels and other aquatic invasive species through the Secretary of the Army; and Whereas, the fiscal year 2016 budget for the United States Army Corps of Engineers in-cludes $4 million in funding for watercraft inspection stations as authorized by the Water Resources Reform and Development Act, and the State of Idaho and Pacific Northwest Economic Region are grateful for the Corps’ recognition of the severity of the threat of aquatic invasive species to the re-gion and dedication to assist the region in enhancing prevention efforts: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, By the members of the Second Regular Session of the Sixty-third Idaho Legislature, the Senate and the House of Representatives concurring therein, that we respectfully request that Congress ensure the continued appropriation of these funds in the fiscal year 2017 budget to significantly enhance aquatic invasive species prevention efforts and to implement the intent of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and she is hereby authorized and directed to forward a copy of this Memorial to the President of the United States, the Sec-retary of the Army, the Secretary of the In-terior, the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives of Congress, and the congressional delegation representing the State of Idaho in the Con-gress of the United States. 
POM–151. A resolution adopted by the House of Representatives of the State of Ohio encouraging the President of the United States, the United States Congress, and the United States Office of Management and Budget to support plans to upgrade the Soo Locks at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, and encourage the United States Army Corps of Engineers to take expeditious action in preparing an Economic Reevaluation Report; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. HOUSE RESOLUTION NUMBER 263 Whereas, The Soo Locks at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, are of the utmost impor-tance to Ohio and play a critical role in the nation’s economy and security. Each year, approximately 10,000 Great Lakes vessels, carrying 80 million tons of iron ore, coal, grain, and other cargo, safely and efficiently traverse the locks; and Whereas, Nearly 80% of all domestic iron ore, the primary material used to manufac-ture steel, travels from mines in Minnesota and Michigan’s Upper Peninsula through the Soo Locks to steel producers in Ohio; and Whereas, Only one of the four Soo Locks, the Poe Lock, is large enough to accommo-date the modem vessels that commonly tra-verse the Great Lakes. 70% of cargo is car-ried on these large ships that can only pass through the Poe Lock, and the remaining cargo must pass through the smaller Mac-Arthur Lock. The 100-year-old Davis and Sabin Locks are rarely used as they are the smallest locks and cannot accommodate large modem vessels; and Whereas, The continued reliance on only the Poe Lock poses a serious risk to national security and the economies of not only the State of Ohio, but also the entire country. A long-term outage of the Poe Lock due to lock failure or a terrorist attack could crip-ple the economy and disrupt steel production in the United States. It is estimated that a 30-day outage of the Poe Lock would result in economic losses of $160 million; and Whereas, Upgrades to the Soo Locks are needed to ensure national security and un-fettered commerce through the Great Lakes. The United States Army Corps of Engineers acknowledges that the Soo Locks are a sin-gle point of failure for the Great Lakes Navi-gation System; and Whereas, The United States Congress has authorized the construction of a second Poe- sized lock, but a study that contains crucial errors is preventing the construction from proceeding: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That we, the members of the House of Representatives of the 131st Gen-eral Assembly of the State of Ohio, encour-age the President and the Congress of the United States and the United States Office of Management and Budget to support plans to upgrade the Soo Locks at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan; and be it further Resolved, That we encourage the United States Army Corps of Engineers to take ex-peditious action in acknowledging the na-tional security need for maintaining the Great Lakes Navigation System in addition to properly accounting for the limitation of transportation resources if a lock outage oc-curs in the preparation of an Economic Re-evaluation Report; and be it further Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives transmit duly authenticated copies of this resolution to the President of the United States, the President Pro Tem-pore and Secretary of the United States Sen-ate, the Speaker and Clerk of the United States House of Representatives, the mem-bers of the Ohio congressional delegation, the Director of the United States Office of Management and Budget, and the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works. 
POM–152. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Wyoming urging the United States Congress to seek removal of the gray wolf and grizzly bear populations from listing under the Endangered Species Act and to assist in funding programs and services for gray wolf and grizzly bear man-agement; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. HOUSE JOINT RESOLUTION 4 Whereas, gray wolf and grizzly bear preda-tion on livestock and big game species is re-sulting in economic losses in the state of Wyoming; and Whereas, the cost to manage gray wolves and grizzly bears and to compensate individ-uals and entities for damage caused by these species is significantly greater than can be sustained through existing budgets of the re-sponsible state and federal agencies; and Whereas, gray wolf and grizzly bear popu-lations are recovered and these species should therefore be removed from the list of experimental nonessential population, en-dangered species or threatened species in Wyoming in order for the state to effectively manage these species; and Whereas, federal funding is essential to as-sist the state in compensating individuals and entities for losses caused by gray wolves and grizzly bears now and after the date these species are removed from the list of ex-perimental nonessential population, endan-gered species or threatened species in Wyo-ming; and Whereas, such federal support in compen-sating individuals and entities for losses will increase acceptance of these wildlife species in Wyoming and continue the healthy and self-sustaining populations of gray wolves and grizzly bears in the state: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, by the Members of the Legisla-ture of the State of Wyoming: Section 1. That the Wyoming legislature calls on Congress and the United States Fish and Wildlife Services to speedily seek re-moval of the gray wolf and grizzly bear popu-lations from the list of experimental non-essential population, endangered species or threatened species in Wyoming, by all means available. Section 2. That the Wyoming legislature calls on Congress to immediately and fully fund all necessary programs and services for gray wolf and grizzly bear management, par-ticularly programs and services to com-pensate individuals and entities for losses caused by these wildlife species. Section 3. That the Wyoming legislature calls on Congress to assist in funding the necessary programs and services indicated in section 2 of this resolution after the date the gray wolf and grizzly bear populations are removed from the list of experimental non-essential population, endangered species of threatened species in Wyoming. Section 4. That the Secretary of State of Wyoming transmit copies of this resolution to the President of the United States, to the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the United States Congress, to the Wyoming Congres-sional Delegation and to the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. 
POM–153. A resolution adopted by the Sen-ate of the State of Michigan supporting the recommendations of the Chicago Area Wa-terway System Advisory Committee to pre-vent Asian carp from entering the Great Lakes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 12 Whereas, The Chicago Area Waterway Sys-tem serves as a pathway for aquatic invasive species to move between the Great Lakes and Mississippi River basins. Zebra mussels and other species spread from the Great Lakes to the Mississippi River and its tribu-taries through this man-made connection. Now, Asian carp are on the brink of using this same route to invade the Great Lakes from the Mississippi River basin; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.012 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2127 April 18, 2016 
Whereas, Asian carp continue to migrate upstream and are now within a day’s swim of Lake Michigan. In the last year, juvenile Asian carp have moved 66 miles closer to Lake Michigan, leaving them only 76 miles from the Great Lakes. While electrical bar-riers currently stand in their way, new re-search indicates that those barriers may not be effective at stopping small fish; and Whereas, The impacts of Asian carp to the ecosystems and economies of the Great Lakes states and local communities will be catastrophic. Invasive species established in the Great Lakes already cost the region more than $100 million per year. Asian carp could add dramatically to this cost if they move through the Chicago area into the Great Lakes. These carp are voracious filter feeders and could out-compete the native fish of the Great Lakes, threatening a $7 bil-lion sport and commercial fishery. History has demonstrated that, once established, aquatic invasive species like Asian carp are nearly impossible to eradicate; and Whereas, The Chicago Area Waterway Sys-tem Advisory Committee was formed in May 2014 with the goal of reaching consensus on a set of recommendations for elected and ap-pointed local, state, and federal officials and the public on short- and long-term measures to prevent Asian carp and other aquatic invasive species from moving between the Great Lakes and Mississippi River basins through the Chicago Area Waterway System; and Whereas. The diverse, 32-member advisory committee reached consensus in a letter to the President of the United States on a spe-cific system of control points to prevent the two-way interbasin transfer of aquatic invasive species. It also reached consensus on supporting immediate actions at the Brandon Road Lock and Dam in Joliet, Illi-nois, to prevent the risk of Asian carp from migrating upstream while the system of con-trol points is evaluated as a long-term solu-tion for all aquatic invasive species; and Whereas, The best long-term solution will prevent Asian carp from entering the Great Lakes while preserving as much as possible the current uses of the Chicago area water-ways. Options that would change shipping on these waterways should only be pursued after all other options have been exhausted; and Whereas, The costs of preventing Asian carp from entering the Great Lakes are sub-stantially lower than the costs to the eco-systems and economies of the Great Lakes states if Asian carp were to become estab-lished: now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate, That we support the Chicago Area Waterway System Advisory Committee recommendations to implement immediate control technologies at Brandon Road Lock and Dam in Joliet, Illinois, and to further investigate the specific system of control points for long-term movement of aquatic invasive species into and out of the Great Lakes; and be it further Resolved, That copies of this resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States, President of the United States Sen-ate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, the members of the Michigan congressional delegation, and the Commanding General and Chief of Engineers of the United States Army Corps of Engi-neers. 
POM–154. A resolution adopted by the House of Representatives of the State of Michigan memorializing the United States Congress to take actions necessary to help families enduring mental health crisis; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. HOUSE RESOLUTION NO. 169 Whereas, According to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, mental illness is defined as ‘‘health conditions that are characterized by alterations in thinking, mood, or behavior (or some combination thereof) associated with distress and/or im-paired function.’’ The National Institute of Mental Health states, ‘‘while mental dis-orders are common in the United States, the burden of illness is particularly concentrated among those who experience disability due to serious mental illness (SMI)’’; and Whereas, Laws, regulations, and misinter-pretations frequently shut out families at-tempting to get effective and appropriate treatment for their loved ones in a mental health crisis. In a given year, approximately ten million Americans endure serious mental illness, such as schizophrenia, major depres-sion, or bipolar disorder. Approximately four million Americans battle with serious men-tal illness do not receive treatment in a given year; and Whereas, Families struggling with mental illness must also grapple with the likelihood that their loved one will end up in jail or prison where there is virtually no mental health treatment. There are ten times more individuals with serious mental illness in jails and prisons than in state psychiatric hospitals. Moreover, federal laws and billing policies restrict the ability of persons on Medicaid to receive high-quality inpatient and outpatient mental health treatment; and Whereas, Current spending needs to be more focused on the most effective services and most severe mental illnesses. Passage of federal legislation like the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act of 2015 (H.R. 2646), sponsored by United States Congress-man Tim Murphy of Pennsylvania, would be a positive first step. The bill would create a new Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use Disorders to coordinate funding between agencies, collect increased data on treatment outcomes, and drive evi-dence-based care: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, by the House of Representatives , That we memorialize the Congress of the United States to take actions necessary to help families enduring mental health crisis; and be it further Resolved, That copies of this resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and the members of the Michigan congressional dele-gation. 
POM–155. A joint memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Idaho urging the United States Congress to restructure the United States Postal Service in a way that would reopen shuttered mail processing plants throughout the nation and provide ac-ceptable delivery times; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. S
ENATE JOINT MEMORIAL NO. 105 Whereas, the mail processing function of the post office in Pocatello, Idaho, was closed on or about April 19, 2015; and Whereas, Brian Sperry, the regional spokesman for the United States Postal Service (USPS) stated that the impacts would be that stamped ‘‘First-Class Mail’’ would take between two and three days to reach its destination; and Whereas, mail delivery in eastern Idaho is now significantly delayed, with delays rang-ing from a few days up to a few weeks; and Whereas, USPS has already closed or sus-pended services in many locations nation-wide, including in Twin Falls, Idaho, and is considering closing more; and Whereas, USPS can provide better delivery times while still cutting substantive costs by restructuring its pre-funding for retirement benefits: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, By the members of the Second Regular Session of the Sixty-third Idaho Legislature, the Senate and the House of Representatives concurring therein, that Congress should pass legislation that would direct USPS to restructure their budget pri-orities, rethink their administrative model, make appropriate budget cuts if necessary, focus on customer service and acceptable de-livery times, and reopen shuttered mail proc-essing plants throughout the United States; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and she is hereby authorized and directed to forward a copy of this Memorial to the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives of this Con-gress, and the congressional delegation rep-resenting the State of Idaho in the Congress of the United States. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. KIRK, from the Committee on Ap-propriations, without amendment: S. 2806. An original bill making appropria-tions for military construction, the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114– 237). By Mr. COCHRAN, from the Committee on Appropriations: Special Report entitled ‘‘Allocation to Subcommittees of Budget Totals for Fiscal Year 2017’’ (Rept. No. 114–238). By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 185. A bill to create a limited population pathway for approval of certain antibacterial drugs. S. 1622. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to de-vices. S. 2700. A bill to update the authorizing provisions relating to the workforces of the National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Administration, and for other pur-poses. S. 2713. A bill to provide for the implemen-tation of a Precision Medicine Initiative. S. 2742. A bill to amend title IV of the Pub-lic Health Service Act regarding the na-tional research institutes, and for other pur-poses. S. 2745. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to promote the inclusion of mi-norities in clinical research, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. HATCH for the Committee on Fi-nance. *Andrew LaMont Eanes, of Kansas, to be Deputy Commissioner of Social Security for the term expiring January 19, 2019. *Vik Edwin Stoll, of Missouri, to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court for a term of fifteen years. *Elizabeth Ann Copeland, of Texas, to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court for a term of fifteen years. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.017 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2128 April 18, 2016 
respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. KIRK: S. 2806. An original bill making appropria-tions for military construction, the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; from the Com-mittee on Appropriations; placed on the cal-endar. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 2807. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to require State approval before the Secretary of the Interior restricts access to waters under the jurisdiction of the Na-tional Park Service for recreational or com-mercial fishing; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER ): S. 2808. A bill to amend the John F. Ken-nedy Center Act to authorize appropriations for the John F. Kennedy Center for the Per-forming Arts; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. By Mr. PORTMAN: S. 2809. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to preserve taxpayers’ rights to administrative appeal of deficiency determinations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MURPHY: S. 2810. A bill to amend the Agricultural Adjustment Act to assist small cheese pro-ducers; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. CASSIDY: S. 2811. A bill to authorize the award of the Distinguished Service Cross to Chaplain (First Lieutenant) Joseph Verbis Lafleur for acts of valor during World War II; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. V
ITTER , Mr. M ARKEY , and Ms. A
YOTTE ): S. 2812. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to reauthorize and improve the Small Business Innovation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. 2813. A bill to amend title 4 of the United States Code to limit the extent to which States may tax the compensation earned by nonresident telecommuters and other multi-State workers; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. E NZI, Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOZ-
MAN, Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C
OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. D
AINES , Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K
IRK, Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
CCONNELL , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. S
COTT, and Mr. S ASSE): S.J. Res. 33. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relat-ing to the definition of the term ‘‘fiduciary’’ and the conflict of interest rule with respect to retirement investment advice; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor , and Pensions. f ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 134 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 134, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to exclude industrial hemp from the definition of mari-huana, and for other purposes. 
S. 256 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 256, a bill to amend the definition of ‘‘homeless person’’ under the McKin-ney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless children and youth, and for other purposes. 
S. 849 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 849, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for sys-tematic data collection and analysis and epidemiological research regarding Multiple Sclerosis (MS), Parkinson’s disease, and other neurological dis-eases. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 901, a bill to establish in the De-partment of Veterans Affairs a na-tional center for research on the diag-nosis and treatment of health condi-tions of the descendants of veterans ex-posed to toxic substances during serv-ice in the Armed Forces that are re-lated to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health condi-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 979 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 979, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and indemnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 996 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 996, a bill to facilitate na-tionwide availability of volunteer in-come tax assistance for low-income and underserved populations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1059 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1059, a bill to provide Dreamer students with access to student finan-cial aid. S. 1060 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1060, a bill to improve the Fed-eral Pell Grant program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1062 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1062, a bill to improve the Fed-eral Pell Grant program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1559 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1559, a bill to protect victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 1661 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1661, a bill to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to pre-serve consumer and employer access to licensed independent insurance pro-ducers. 
S. 1760 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1760, a bill to prevent gun trafficking. 
S. 2147 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2147, a bill to amend the Employee Re-tirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to participant votes on the suspension of benefits under multi-employer plans in critical and declin-ing status. 
S. 2242 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2242, a bill to repeal section 3003 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
S. 2292 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2292, a bill to reform laws relating to small public housing agencies, and for other purposes. 
S. 2332 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2332, a bill to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to estab-lish a permanent background check system. 
S. 2348 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Alabama 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.020 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2129 April 18, 2016 
(Mr. S ESSIONS ) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2348, a bill to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the inno-cent, to prevent DNA analysis back-logs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2427 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2427, a bill to prohibit dis-crimination against individuals with disabilities who need long-term serv-ices and supports, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2473 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2473, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide veterans the option of using an alternative ap-peals process to more quickly deter-mine claims for disability compensa-tion, and for other purposes. 
S. 2478 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2478, a bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to provide for the purchase of paper United States savings bonds with tax refunds. 
S. 2502 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2502, a bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to ensure that retirement investors receive advice in their best interests, and for other purposes. 
S. 2577 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2577, a bill to pro-tect crime victims’ rights, to eliminate the substantial backlog of DNA and other forensic evidence samples to im-prove and expand the forensic science testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to increase re-search and development of new testing technologies, to develop new training programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide post-conviction testing of DNA evi-dence to exonerate the innocent, to support accreditation efforts of foren-sic science laboratories and medical ex-aminer offices, to address training and equipment needs, to improve the per-formance of counsel in State capital cases, and for other purposes. 
S. 2659 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2659, a bill to reaffirm that the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency cannot regulate vehicles used solely for com-petition, and for other purposes. S. 2675 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2675, a bill to provide for the adjust-ment of the debts of the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico, and for other purposes. 
S. 2676 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2676, a bill to provide for the adjust-ment of the debts of the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico, and for other purposes. 
S. 2707 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ), the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Sen-ator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) were added as cosponsors of S. 2707, a bill to require the Secretary of Labor to nullify the proposed rule regarding defining and delimiting the exemptions for executive, administrative, profes-sional, outside sales, and computer em-ployees, to require the Secretary of Labor to conduct a full and complete economic analysis with improved eco-nomic data on small businesses, non-profit employers, Medicare or Medicaid dependent health care providers, and small governmental jurisdictions, and all other employers, and minimize the impact on such employers, before pro-mulgating any substantially similar rule, and to provide a rule of construc-tion regarding the salary threshold ex-emption under the Fair Labor Stand-ards Act of 1938, and for other purposes. 
S. 2708 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2708, a bill to provide for the admission to the United States of up to 10, 000 Syrian religious minorities as refugees of special humanitarian concern in each of the fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
S. 2712 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) were added as cosponsors of S. 2712, a bill to re-store amounts improperly withheld for tax purposes from severance payments to individuals who retired or separated from service in the Armed Forces for combat-related injuries, and for other purposes. 
S. 2724 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2724, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, with respect to the judi-cial review of agency interpretations of statutory and regulatory provisions. S. 2740 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2740, a bill to prohibit the transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to state sponsors of terrorism. 
S. 2750 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2750, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code to extend and modify certain charitable tax provisions. 
S. 2780 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2780, a bill to amend section 1034 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016 to strengthen the certification require-ments relating to the transfer or re-lease of detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
S.J. RES. 28 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S.J. Res. 28, a joint resolu-tion providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Secretary of Agriculture relating to inspection of fish of the order Siluriformes. 
S. RES. 426 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 426, a resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Senate that the United States should support and protect the right of women working in developing countries to safe work-places, free from gender-based violence, reprisals, and intimidation. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3265 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3265 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2012, an original bill to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3798. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3679 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3798. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.024 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2130 April 18, 2016 
amendment SA 3679 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in subtitle A of title II, insert the following: 
SEC. llll. COLLABORATION BETWEEN FED-ERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION AND DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ON UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS. 
(a) C OLLABORATION BETWEEN FEDERAL  A
VIATION ADMINISTRATION IN DEPARTMENT OF  D
EFENSE REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and the Secretary of Defense shall collaborate on de-veloping ground-based sense and avoid (GBSAA) and airborne sense and avoid (ABSAA) capabilities for unmanned aircraft systems (UAS). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The collaboration required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Sharing information and technology on safely integrating unmanned aircraft sys-tems and manned aircraft in the national airspace system. (B) Building upon Air Force and Depart-ment of Defense experience to inform the Federal Aviation Administration’s develop-ment of civil standards, policies, and proce-dures for integrating unmanned aircraft sys-tems in the national airspace system. (C) Assisting in the development of best practices for unmanned aircraft airworthi-ness certification, development of airborne and ground-based sense and avoid capabili-ties for unmanned aircraft systems, and re-search and development on unmanned air-craft systems, especially with respect to matters involving human factors, informa-tion assurance, and security. (b) P
ARTICIPATION BY FEDERAL AVIATION  A
DMINISTRATION IN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  A
CTIVITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may participate and provide assistance for par-ticipation in test and evaluation efforts of the Department of Defense, including the Air Force, relating to ground-based sense and avoid and airborne sense and avoid capabili-ties for unmanned aircraft systems. (2) P
ARTICIPATION THROUGH CENTERS OF EX -
CELLENCE AND TEST SITES .—Participation under paragraph (1) may include provision of assistance through the Unmanned Aircraft Systems Center of Excellence and Unmanned Aircraft Systems Test Sites. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 18, 2016, following the first vote at 5:30 p.m., in room S–216 of the Capitol. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
NOTICE: REGISTRATION OF MASS MAILINGS The filing date for the 2016 first quar-ter Mass Mailing report is Monday, April 25, 2016. An electronic option is available on Webster that will allow forms to be submitted via a fillable pdf document. If your office did no mass mailings during this period, please sub-mit a form that states ‘‘none.’’ Mass mailing registrations or nega-tive reports can be submitted elec-tronically or delivered to the Senate Office of Public Records, 232 Hart Building, Washington, D.C. 20510–7116. The Senate Office of Public Records is open from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. For further information, please contact the Senate Office of Public Records at (202) 224–0322. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS The Acting President pro tempore. The Chair announces, on behalf of the Democratic leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 114–140, the appointment of the following individ-uals to serve as members of the Evi-dence-Based Policymaking Commis-sion: Robert Groves of the District of Columbia (data privacy), Jeffrey Liebman of Massachusetts (re-searcher), and Kim Wallin of Nevada (experienced program administrator). 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, April 19; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a pe-riod of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; fur-ther, that following morning business, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 636; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:36 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, April 19, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
SUSAN FAYE BEARD, OF MARYLAND, TO BE INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY, VICE GREG-ORY H. FRIEDMAN, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
MARY BETH LEONARD, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE AFRICAN UNION, WITH THE RANK AND STATUS OF AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY. LAWRENCE ROBERT SILVERMAN, OF MASSACHUSETTS, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE STATE OF KUWAIT. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
SUSAN S. GIBSON, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE INSPECTOR GEN-ERAL OF THE NATIONAL RECONNAISSANCE OFFICE. (NEW POSITION) 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. KENNETH D. JONES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ARLAN M. DEBLIECK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. RODNEY L. FAULK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
NILSON OROZCOOVIEDO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
PIERRE E. SAINTFLEUR 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 50: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. FRED M. MIDGETTE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.028 S18APPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE499 April 18, 2016 
ADDING ZIKA VIRUS TO THE FDA PRIORITY REVIEW VOUCHER PROGRAM ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 12, 2016 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to S. 2512, which would add Zika to the list of qualified tropical diseases under the Food and Drug Administration’s Tropical Disease Priority Review Voucher Program. While I know that we would all agree that there is desperate need for a treatment for Zika, I do not believe that this legislation offers the solution that will help us to achieve that goal. Further, I am disappointed that this legis-lation has not had the benefit of any legislative action in our Committee where Members could discuss in greater detail the need for reforms to the currently flawed priority review voucher program. In 2007, Congress established the Tropical Disease Priority Review Voucher Program at FDA to incentivize treatments for neglected tropical diseases for which there was no mar-ket incentives to develop. Sponsors that de-velop a treatment for a qualified tropical dis-ease are awarded a priority review voucher and have the option of retaining this voucher for a shortened review of another product in their development pipeline, or can sell the voucher to another company to use. Since en-actment, three vouchers have been awarded under this program, two of which sold for $67 million and $125 million respectively. The value of the vouchers to sponsors has led to the development of the priority review voucher as a financial incentive in other areas, such as rare pediatric diseases. However, this program is not without flaws. Use of priority review vouchers is not limited to additional tropical disease products, mean-ing that companies can use this voucher for a review in six months of any product of its choosing. This can result in new drug applica-tions receiving priority review that would not otherwise qualify if they do not treat a serious disease or condition, or offer a significant im-provement in safety or effectiveness. In prac-tice, this allows companies to ‘‘purchase’’ services from the agency at the expense of other important public health work, under-mining FDA’s mission and the morale of the agency’s review staff. It also creates additional workload for the FDA by requiring a shortened review of applications for treatments that will be used in millions of patients and diverting review staff from other work. Finally, the addi-tional priority review voucher fee associated with use of the voucher has not been effective in covering the full cost of the expedited re-view. In addition to effects on FDA, the current tropical disease priority review voucher pro-gram contains two additional flaws—eligibility for this program is not limited to novel thera-pies, nor are sponsors required to make the qualifying therapy available or accessible for those who are most in need. Two of the three priority review vouchers awarded under this program were awarded to therapies that were already in use in other countries prior to the program’s establishment. Thus a voucher was awarded to sponsors without any new invest-ment in tropical disease treatments. Similarly, patients and other organizations still struggle to access two of the three therapies awarded a priority review voucher either due to afford-ability or lack of availability. An award such as a priority review voucher should only be given to companies who are committed to making their therapy available to patients in disease- endemic countries for which the program is in-tended to help. As we consider the bill before us today, it is important to note that FDA has the authority to add Zika to the tropical diseases program ad-ministratively if there is no significant market in developed nations for that disease and the disease disproportionately affects poor and marginalized populations. I will submit a letter from FDA noting that it is ‘‘extremely unlikely that the Zika virus meets the criteria set out in the statute’’ as there is a significant market for medical products for Zika virus currently. Ac-cording to the agency, expanding the program to include Zika, which would be ineligible, would weaken the effectiveness of the priority review program and would create an undue burden on FDA. Mr. Speaker, it is for all of these reasons that I am opposing S. 2512 today. It is clear there are significant issues with the tropical disease priority review voucher program that should have been discussed and considered as a part of the Committee process. Unfortu-nately, we were not afforded that opportunity. If the goal of the House is to address the Zika crisis, we should not be expanding a flawed program that will provide incentives for which there is no need. Instead Congress should be working together, including with the Adminis-tration, to fully fund a comprehensive re-sponse to Zika. I submit the following letter: 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & H UMAN  S
ERVICES , FOOD AND DRUGADMIN -
ISTRATION , Silver Spring, MD, February 29, 2016. D
EARMEMBER : Thank you for your letter of February 05, 2016, urging the Food and Drug Administration (FDA or the Agency) to add Zika virus to the list of qualified trop-ical diseases under the Tropical Disease Pri-ority Review Voucher (PRV) Program by issuing an order, as authorized by the Adding Ebola to the FDA Priority Review Program Act [PL 113–233]. FDA is actively working on many fronts to help mitigate the Zika virus outbreak. The Agency’s primary areas of activity include: (1) protecting the safety of the nation’s blood supply and ensuring the safety of cell and tissue products; (2) facilitating the development and avail-ability of blood donor screening and medical diagnostic tests for identification of the presence of, or prior exposure to, Zika virus; (3) supporting the development of inves-tigational vaccines and therapeutics; (4) reviewing proposals for the use of inno-vative strategies to help suppress the popu-lation of virus-carrying mosquitoes; (5) protecting the public from fraudulent products that claim to prevent, diagnose, treat, or cure Zika virus disease. Specific activities include issuing guidance to blood collection centers on safeguards to prevent transfusion transmission of Zika virus in areas of the U.S. and its territories with active mosquito borne transmission (currently Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa and Marshall Islands), and in unaffected areas where the virus might be introduced by persons returning from af-fected areas. FDA is also developing guid-ance that will address appropriate donor screening for human cells, tissues, and cel-lular and tissue-based products: concerns in this area have been highlighted by reported possible sexual transmission of the Zika virus. FDA is reaching out to potential com-mercial product manufacturers to encourage them to develop and submit applications for emergency use of diagnostic tests for the Zika virus. In addition, FDA is actively en-gaged with the Office of the Assistant Sec-retary for Preparedness and Response (ASPR), the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), the National Institutes of Health (NIH), and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to advance the development of diag-nostic tests, vaccines, therapeutics, and donor screening and pathogen-reduction technologies for blood products to help miti-gate this outbreak. These efforts have al-ready realized a major success. On February 26, 2016, under its Emergency Use Authoriza-tion (EUA) authority, FDA authorized the use of a Zika virus diagnostic test—devel-oped by CDC—for the qualitative detection of Zika virus-specific immunoglobulin M (IgM) antibodies by qualified laboratories. This diagnostic test can help expand domes-tic readiness for Zika virus by enabling the identification of patients recently infected with Zika virus in support of response ef-forts. As you are aware, under section 524 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services is authorized to add infectious diseases to the list of tropical diseases that would qualify the developer of a licensed or approved prod-uct to prevent or treat an identified tropical disease to receive a PRV under FDA’s Trop-ical Disease PRV Program, if: (1) there is no significant market in developed nations for that disease; and (2) the disease dispropor-tionately affects poor and marginalized pop-ulations. This authority is delegated to FDA. FDA has provided a process for requesting that additional diseases be added to the PRV list through the submission of a request to a special docket set up to facilitate the consid-eration of such requests, accompanied by in-formation to document that the disease meets the statutory criteria required to be added to the PRV list. While FDA has not re-ceived a request to add the Zika virus to the PRV list via the docket, the Agency does not want to foreclose anyone from following that process and will evaluate any submissions that are made with respect to the Zika virus. FDA wants to make it clear, however, that— based on the information currently available to FDA—it is extremely unlikely that the Zika virus meets the criteria set out in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18AP8.001 E18APPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE500 April 18, 2016 
statute. While it appears likely that the Zika virus disproportionately affects poor and marginalized populations, it also appears that there is a significant market for the Zika virus medical products in developed na-tions, which would render the Zika virus in-eligible for addition to the PRV list under the statute at this time. FDA agrees that we need to do all that we can to facilitate the development of and ac-cess to medical products as quickly as pos-sible to respond to the Zika virus outbreak. We fully believe that the incentives cur-rently available for the Zika product devel-opment—such as funding for research and de-velopment, and clinical trial costs from gov-ernment and non-governmental organiza-tions—as well as extensive HHS technical as-sistance for product developers, are suffi-cient to help bring Zika products to market. FDA is fully prepared to use its authorities to the fullest extent appropriate—including proven mechanisms to speed the availability of medical products for serious diseases—to help facilitate the development and avail-ability of products with the potential to mitigate this outbreak as quickly as the science will allow. However, expanding the PRV program by adding diseases or condi-tions that do not meet the criteria for inclu-sion is unnecessary, weakens the effective-ness of the PRV program, and creates an undue burden on FDA that can ultimately harm public health. As you are aware, the Administration has asked Congress for approximately $1.9 billion in emergency funding to enhance our ongo-ing efforts to prepare for and respond to the Zika virus, both domestically and inter-nationally. Approving this funding request, which includes support for medical product development and procurement, is essential for sustaining HHS’s effort to effectively incentivize the development and availability of medical products for the Zika virus. Thank you, again, for contacting us con-cerning this matter. If you have any ques-tions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact me. The same letter has been sent to your cosigners. Sincerely, D
AYLE CRISTINZIO , Acting Associate Commissioner for Legislation. f 
NO RATE REGULATION OF BROADBAND INTERNET ACCESS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 15, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration of the bill (H.R. 2666) to pro-hibit the Federal Communications Commis-sion from regulating the rates charged for broadband Internet access service: 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 2666, the No Rate Regulation Act. Many small businesses and many of my neighbors in the Tampa Bay area have experienced loss of internet, TV and phone services. I want to ensure that my neighbors and businesses are protected—I am fighting for them to receive the services they paid for. The No Rate Regulation Act aims to dismantle the open internet and take the ‘‘cop off the beat’’ by hamstringing the FCC’s ability to protect the consumer. Because of these concerns on behalf of my neighbors and small businesses, today I will vote against this bill. This is timely legislation for all the wrong reasons. On April 1 of this year, Frontier Com-munications assumed Verizon’s TV, internet and land-line phone services in the Tampa Bay area. Since the transition, small busi-nesses and individual consumers in Florida have experienced loss of internet, TV and phone services. Consumers are paying for services they are not receiving. Even now, customers are reporting waiting for Frontier’s technicians that are ‘‘no shows’’. Frontier ap-pears to be unable to provide the necessary services to my neighbors, at the present time. I am here today to ensure all customers are protected. I have been fighting to protect the consumer and for robust public interest re-views. On February 2nd I stated in my letter to the FCC regarding the proposed Bright House Networks/Time Warner Cable/Charter merger that it is appropriate for the FCC to in-vestigate that ‘‘best practices’’ are present on behalf consumers. The awesome power of the internet should be used to build up our community and grow opportunity for our children. I am proud that last year Tampa was selected as one of only 27 communities nationwide to participate in ConnectHOME, which promotes locally tai-lored solutions to help bridge the gap in digital access for working-class households by ad-dressing the barriers they have to high-speed broadband. We should be dedicated to significant com-munity boosts in access to digital opportunities for our students. We should be working with all agencies to develop the types of skills needed to secure today’s higher paying jobs for all our kids. Instead of inviting a promising tomorrow, Republicans have chosen to focus on a bad bill with no future today. On the House floor Republicans have of-fered the No Rate Regulation Act. If passed it could undermine key provisions in the FCC’s Open Internet order and harm the Commis-sion’s ability to protect consumers. This bill simply fails to define a clear definition and ex-perts assert that the bill could result in unin-tended consequences. The No Rate Regula-tion Act is overly broad and extends far be-yond the goals of codifying the FCC’s forbear-ance from applying provisions of the Commu-nications Act related to tariffs, rate approval, or other forms of utility regulation. The FCC should not be stymied in their participation of mergers and acquisitions like the Bright House/TWC/Charter proposal. For example, I have said that BHN’s Connect2Compete Pro-gram should be maintained, but as written, this legislation could undermine the FCC’s ability to encourage customer service agree-ments that protect the most vulnerable. We have seen the Comcast Universal merg-er approval include the supply of an affordable internet program called the Internet Essentials. These stipulations are important and should be maintained in other deals moving forward. Mr. Chair, today I will vote against this Re-publican bill that could undermine key provi-sions in the FCC’s Open Internet Order and harm the FCC’s ability to protect consumers. We should not be undermining the FCC. This legislation could exacerbate already negative consequences for my neighbors in the Tampa Bay area. I will continue work to protect con-sumers and neighbors in my community and vote no on the No Rate Regulation Act. COMMENDING BETSY FLEMING FOR HER SERVICE AS PRESI-DENT OF CONVERSE COLLEGE HON. TREY GOWDY 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, today I com-mend President Betsy Fleming of Converse College for her service to higher education and her remarkable impact on South Carolina. After growing up in Spartanburg, President Fleming left in 1984 to embark on her journey to become a renowned art-historian. Through-out her career, she held curatorial positions at several prominent museums across the United States as well as overseas in London. Prior to being named President of Converse College in 2005, Fleming served as the executive direc-tor of the Gibbes Museum of Art in Charles-ton, South Carolina. Under President Fleming’s eleven years of leadership, Converse College experienced in-credible transformation. During her tenure, Converse reduced its tuition by 43 percent and celebrated its largest undergraduate en-rollment in over 25 years, becoming a national leader in affordability and value. Furthermore, Converse gained full NCAA Division II mem-bership in eleven sports programs and raised more than $76 million in support. In addition to her impact on the Converse College community, President Fleming’s serv-ice extends above and beyond her commit-ment in Spartanburg. An Aspen Institute Lib-erty Fellow, President Fleming serves on the Council of Presidents for the Association of Governing Boards (AGB), the Council of Inde-pendent Colleges (CIC) Steering Committee in the Future of Higher Education, and on the Board of Directors for both the Federal Re-serve Bank of Richmond, Charlotte Branch and Blue Cross Blue Shield of South Carolina. President Fleming’s impact on students, staff, and faculty will always be remembered, and her legacy will transform the future of Converse College. I thank President Fleming for her extraordinary service and congratulate her on her retirement. We look forward to the next chapter of her remarkable life as she continues to serve our community, state and country. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF RACHEL HOUSTON 
HON. SCOTT GARRETT 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I stand today to remember and honor the life, faith, and service of Rachel Margaret Houston. A former legislative assistant in my office, Rachel passed away on April 10, 2016, at the far-too- young age of 32. Those of us who had the honor to know Ra-chel knew her kind heart, deep faith, and com-passion for others. Friends and former co- workers remembered her as a ‘‘wonderful’’ and ‘‘lovely person,’’ and a ‘‘soft, sweet spirit,’’ with a ‘‘bright smile, kind words, and warm heart.’’ Rachel was that rare person who could reach out to someone new and make him or her feel welcomed, supported, and encour-aged. Her kindness left a mark on all who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18AP8.001 E18APPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE501 April 18, 2016 
knew and worked with her—whether for a short time, or over the course of years. In her professional life, Rachel exemplified qualities worth emulating. In her work for the people of New Jersey’s 5th Congressional District, she demonstrated a commitment to excellence and always strove to give her best. Her colleagues and friends alike, both on and off Capitol Hill, recognized her for her sharp mind, loving spirit, and inner strength. Rachel was devoted to causes greater than herself and impacted many lives beyond her work in Congress. In 2006, she participated in the Family Research Council’s Witherspoon Fellowship program to prepare for leadership and service in the public arena. She was an accomplished writer, and she also shared her faith, time, and talent through various mission trips as well as through her church family. Rachel was a blessing in the lives of all who knew her. She loved her God, her country, and her fellow man—and she will be missed. My prayer is that God will comfort her family and friends during this time, and that they will know that Rachel’s life will be remembered. 
f 
THE 37TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TAIWAN RELATIONS ACT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, April 10th marked the 37th anniversary of the enactment of the Taiwan Relations Act. This landmark legislation, one of Congress’ great achieve-ments, has guaranteed and continues to guar-antee ongoing relations with our friend and partner, Taiwan. Taiwan’s President Ma made a speech at the American Chamber of Commerce in Taipei (AmCham) Hsie Nian Fan celebration on March 30th, 2016. In the speech, President Ma pointed out that in the US-based Global Finance magazine’s ratings of the world’s rich-est countries from November of last year, Tai-wan ranked 19th out of 185 countries world-wide. That put Taiwan right behind Germany, and far ahead of countries like France, Great Britain, Japan, and South Korea. Additionally, in the 2015 global competitiveness ratings published by the Institute of Management De-velopment (IMD), in Lausanne, Switzerland, Taiwan ranked No. 11 in the world and No. 3 in the Asia-Pacific Region. Taiwan has created an enviable and thriving innovative economy. I give praise to President Ma’s leadership. The United States and Taiwan enjoy a long-standing relationship that stems from our shared values: democracy, the rule of law, and free enterprise. Taiwan is a strong eco-nomic partner—in fact they are now our 9th- largest trading partner. In 2014, Colorado’s ex-ports to Taiwan reached $191.5 million. Tai-wan is Colorado’s 7th largest export market in Asia, and 14th largest export market in the world. Colorado companies have substantial opportunities to expand their business and co-operation with Taiwan. Equally important are the Taiwanese-Americans living in Colorado and the wealth of knowledge and entrepre-neurial energy they bring. I offer my warmest and best wishes to the people of Taiwan on this 37th anniversary of the Taiwan Relations Act. I also extend my congratulations to Dr. Tsai Ing-wen on her vic-tory in the Taiwanese Presidential election. I look forward to the continued and growing friendship and partnership between the United States and Taiwan. f 
TRIBUTE TO JOSH CALHOON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mr. Josh Calhoon of Minden, Iowa, on his selection to the Tri-Center High School Basketball Hall of Fame. Josh, a 2010 graduate of Tri-Center High School, in Avoca, Iowa, is known for being an outstanding athlete. The Tri-Center High School Hall of Fame was created in 1991 to honor those students who excelled in high school basketball. In his career, Josh led the Tri-Center Trojans to many victories as a two-year starting varsity team member, a three-year letter winner, first All-Western Iowa Conference selection and was named to the Southwest Iowa All-Star Game, Josh epitomizes the word, ‘‘leader-ship.’’ He scored 818 points during his basket-ball career and is remembered for his work ethic, especially his willingness to go above and beyond for his beloved Tri-Center Trojans. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Josh for his induction into the Tri-Center High School Basketball Hall of Fame. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Josh and wishing him nothing but con-tinued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE HONORABLE SERVICE OF COLONEL ROCKY M
CPHERSON, UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS (RET) 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and honor Colonel Rocky McPherson, United States Marine Corps (Ret), for his more than fifty years of dedicated serv-ice to the State of Florida and our great Na-tion. A 1966 graduate of the United States Naval Academy, Rocky received his commission in the United States Marine Corps. For more than 30 years, his military career took him around the globe, which began upon commis-sion with the first of two combat tours and in-cluded a myriad of command and leadership roles. In his first combat assignment, Rocky deployed to Vietnam and served as an Infan-try Officer with A Company, 1st Battalion, 7th Marines. When he returned home, he at-tended the Air Force flight school at Reese Air Force Base in Lubbock, Texas. Having earned his wings, he moved on to his next assign-ment, mission qualification in the all-weather attack aircraft A6 Intruder. As a newly minted pilot, Rocky returned to Vietnam aboard the USS Coral Sea (CVA–43) as a Squadron Landing Signal Officer. During this second combat tour, he recorded numerous sorties over Vietnam and had over 160 carrier land-ings. His two combat tours earned him the dis-tinction as the only Marine officer with both ground and aviation combat tours during the Vietnam war. For the next several tours, Rocky remained stateside. He served as the Marine Corps Representative at the United States Air Force Academy and at Marine Headquarters in Washington, D.C. He then commanded the Marine All Weather Attack Squadron 121 aboard the USS Ranger (CV–61); took on the responsibility of training and operations for more than 400 tactical aircraft as Deputy Wings Operations Officer in El Toro, Cali-fornia; and commanded the Marine Air Train-ing Support Group at Whidbey Island, Wash-ington, before returning abroad as Chief of Staff to III Marine Expeditionary Force (MEF) in Okinawa, Japan. Rocky made his final stop at Marine Corps Headquarters as Manpower Division Deputy Director before retiring as Colonel in 1995. Colonel McPherson’s commitment to public service did not end there, however. From 1999 to 2007, he continued to serve in sup-port of our Nation’s heroes and in particular the more than 1.5 million veterans and their families in Florida, as the Executive Director of Florida Department of Veterans Affairs. During his tenure, he oversaw the most significant ex-pansion of state veterans’ nursing homes and was a driving force behind the Florida World War II Memorial and monument and the ex-pansion of Bushnell National Cemetery. Addi-tionally, he helped to ensure that wounded service members returning home from the Global War on Terror received the support and care they had earned. Florida is proud of being home to our Na-tion’s servicemembers and veterans, and Rocky understands the critical importance that the military missions based in the state play in providing for our strong national defense. To that end, he has spent the last decade of his career in support of Florida’s military installa-tions as part of Enterprise Florida, Inc. He played an integral role in standing up the Flor-ida Defense Support Task Force, created by Florida Statute, to preserve, protect, and en-hance Florida’s military missions and installa-tions and currently serves as its Vice Presi-dent of Military and Defense Programs, Stra-tegic Partnerships. Rocky also assisted in cre-ating and publishing the Florida Military Friendly Guide, a summary of all laws and programs in Florida benefitting active duty, Reserve and National Guard personnel and their families, as well as production of the Florida Defense Industry Economic Impact Analysis. Furthermore, he played an integral role in establishing the first-ever program for applying state resources to non-conservation lands transactions in Florida Statute to protect military missions from non-compatible devel-opment and other encroachment threats to the military value of Florida installations. He has been an active and valued voice on the State Advisory Council for the Association of De-fense Communities. Without question, Colonel Rocky McPherson can hang his hat up on a career he can be proud of. He has proven to be an accom-plished leader who has dedicated his life to serving the State of Florida and the United States of America, and his unwavering com-mitment to men and women in the Armed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18AP8.002 E18APPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE502 April 18, 2016 
Forces and veterans’ community will be felt for years to come. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, it gives me great pleasure to honor Colonel Rocky McPherson, United States Ma-rine Corps (retired). My wife Vicki joins me in thanking Rocky and his wife, Connie, for their dedicated service. This includes Connie’s 12 years in the United States Marine Corps. We wish them; their three children, Ashley, Na-than, and Courtney; grandchild; and all of the McPherson family all the best for continued success. Semper Fi. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. ART NICHOLAS 
HON. THOMAS J. ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Art Nicholas of Engle-wood, Florida, who was recently awarded France’s highest military decoration, the ‘‘Knight of the Legion of Honor.’’ Mr. Nicholas was honored, at a ceremony in Englewood, for his service to France and its people during World War II. The Knight’s Cross award was established by Napoleon Bonaparte in 1802. Since World War II ap-proximately 93,000 of these medals have been presented to American servicemen who risked their lives fighting on French soil during the war. Mr. Nicholas served aboard a landing ship (LCT52) during D–Day, the Allied assault to free occupied Europe in June of 1944. The in-vasion along France’s northern coast was the largest amphibious invasion in history and led to the liberation of France from Nazi forces. Mr. Nicholas held the rank of boatswain’s mate first class and worked as an underwater demolition man at the Gold Beach landing area. Nicholas was also at both Juno Beach and Omaha Beach. Earlier in the war, he par-ticipated in the invasion of North Africa in No-vember in 1942 and was also awarded a Pur-ple Heart. In addition to his combat service, Mr. Nich-olas helped build the Amphibious Warfare School in Fort Pierce, Florida as a member of the ‘‘Scouts and Raiders.’’ He trained mem-bers of the Underwater Demolition Team in Fort Pierce, Florida who were the forerunners of today’s Navy SEALs, who conduct quiet for-ays into enemy territory during conflicts in which the U.S. is involved. Mr. Nicholas left the military in 1946. He re-turned to Michigan and married his wife, Hazel, whom he met in England and has been married to for 69 years. He opened a business named Corrugated Paper Products, which created shipping con-tainers in Indiana before moving to Florida. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Art Nich-olas for his service and commend him on re-ceiving the highest military commendation the French government awards an individual. TRIBUTE TO NANCY AND PAT CORKREAN HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Nancy and Pat Corkrean of Winterset for being hon-ored with a 2015 Lifetime Achievement Award by the Madison County Chamber of Com-merce. The Corkreans have actively participated in Madison County organizations for many years. Through their business, Madison County Real-ty, they have promoted residential develop-ment, housing and a strong tax base. They launched Corkrean Homes, a construction company which provides new housing and commercial development. They have been in-volved in the world-renowned John Wayne Birthplace Museum, the Quilt Museum, and were active in enticing the development of a new Winterset motel. Their commitment to their church, St. Joseph Catholic Church of Winterset is a model for all Madisonians. Winterset and Madison County Iowa are blessed to have two people such as these working hard to make the picturesque region an even greater place to live and work. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Pat and Nancy Corkrean in the United States Con-gress. I also invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating them on receiving this award and wishing them nothing but continued suc-cess as they move forward in building a better Madison County. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. BEVERLY W. GLOVER 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Dr. Beverly W. Glover for her noteworthy work with the Inter-national Association of Ministers’ Wives and Ministers Widows, Inc. Dr. Glover, the wife of Pastor and Moderator Walter L. Glover, Jr., currently serves as the President of IAMWMW, which will celebrate its 75th year of training and preparing ministers and pastor’s wives for service in their roles beside their husbands. A celebration will take place in Richmond, Virginia on Wednesday, June 29, 2016. At this celebration, IAMWMW will recog-nize Dr. Glover as an outstanding leader, re-tired educator, mother, wife, and faithful fol-lower of Christ. Dr. Beverly W. Glover is a native of Macon, Georgia. She received her education from Bibb County Public Schools, Savannah State College, Fort Valley State College (now Uni-versity), Georgia College, and Georgia South-ern University. She earned a Doctorate in Ad-ministration and Supervision from Nova South-eastern University in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. With a passion for improving the lives of children and young adults, Dr. Glover began her career as a teacher at Burdell Elementary School in Macon, Georgia. She taught at Dan-forth Primary School and Bernd Elementary School before moving to Miller Middle School, where she served as Assistant Principal, and then Southwest High School, where she served as Principal. Dr. Glover concluded her remarkable 37-year career with the Bibb County School System serving as the Director of the Joseph N. Neel Alternative School. Here, she worked diligently to ensure success for all students and staff and under her leader-ship, the school received the Excellence in Education Award. Not one to rest on her laurels, Dr. Glover is an active member of many religious and civic organizations where she continuously devotes her time to bettering the community. These or-ganizations include the Epsilon Tau Zeta Chapter of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority Inc.; Phi Delta Kappa; Church Women United; The Links Inc.; NAACP; OES Number 82; and General Missionary Baptist Convention of Georgia, Inc., among others. Since childhood, the church has always played a vital role in Dr. Glover’s life. She is an active member of the Greater Zion Hill Mis-sionary Baptist Church where she organized the Deaconess Ministry. She is a member of the Sunday School, Missionary Society, Mis-sion-in-Action, and advisor to the Women’s Ministry. Dr. Glover also organized and man-aged the church’s first Vacation Bible School which enrolled and served 225 children the first year. She also serves as Secretary and General Manager of Glover Memorial Mortuary in Macon, Georgia. Dr. Glover has been a member of the min-isters’ wives organizations for more than 30 years. She founded the Macon Interdenomina-tional Ministers’ Wives and Ministers’ Widows local organization. On the state level, Dr. Glover served as Recording Secretary under the leadership of Dr. Ethel Purvis Stokes. She was then elected President of the Georgia As-sociation of Ministers’ Wives and Ministers’ Widows. Since 2010, Dr. Glover has served as the eighth President of the International As-sociation of Ministers’ Wives and Ministers’ Widows, Inc. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. once said, ‘‘Life’s most persistent and urgent question is, ‘What are you doing for others?’’’ Dr. Glover un-doubtedly lives by this philosophy. From her work as an educator to her involvement in missions, Dr. Glover has made a tremendous impact on the lives of others. She is a woman of integrity who exudes the genuine principles and values of Christian discipleship. A char-ismatic evangelical leader and pioneer, her spiritual zeal is both infectious and highly con-tagious. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to join me, members of the IAMWMW, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Congressional District in extending our sincerest appreciation to Dr. Beverly W. Glover. A woman of many hats, she is an out-standing educator and mentor, strong leader, prominent community activist, and devoted caretaker, but above all, she is a faithful serv-ant of God. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP8.004 E18APPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE503 April 18, 2016 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF MRS. BETTY R. MODRALL 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Mrs. Betty R. Modrall and ask my colleagues to join with me in celebrating the legacy that she left in Co-lumbia, Tennessee. Betty was born in Memphis, Tennessee. She spent her childhood and adolescent years in the city of Mount Pleasant. After high school she attended Columbia Business College where she met her husband Mr. Joe Tom Modrall. On June 11th, 1956, she began her first job working for the city of Columbia start-ing as a clerk and bookkeeper. In 1970, she was appointed as the city recorder and fi-nance director until 1995. She continued to serve as city recorder until her passing on March 15th, 2016. Betty was a beloved member of her city. She faithfully served for almost six decades. Betty looked out for the interests of the peo-ple, especially the retiree community. She went above and beyond for the city of Colum-bia and fulfilled her positions with honor. Her love and support will be remembered by those whom she served. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARY D EWITT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ms. Mary DeWitt on the occasion of her 100th birthday on March 27, 2016. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Mary’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Mary has lived through seventeen United States Presidents and twen-ty-four Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Mary in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I ask that my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Mary on reaching this incredible mile-stone, and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
FRAY GARCES COUNCIL 1830 CELEBRATES 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in spe-cial recognition of the Fray Garces Council 1830 of the Knights of Columbus. Established in Needles, California on March 5, 1906, Council 1830 celebrated its 100th anniversary at a special ceremony on Saturday, April 16, 2016. Named in the honor of a martyred Francis-can missionary, Council 1830 has served under the Arch Diocese of Los Angeles, San Diego, and San Bernardino. In 1950, Council 1830 moved its operations to Barstow, Cali-fornia and is an integral part of the San Bernardino County community. Council 1830 is active with the El Carmelo Retreat House in Redlands, California, has sponsored bingo events since the 1960s, and founded the Ar-rowhead-Desert Valley Chapter in 1959. I would like to congratulate Council 1830 on this momentous occasion. Their commitment to promoting the Knights of Columbus prin-ciples of unity, charity, fraternity, and charity make our community a special place to live. On behalf of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, congratulations on 100 years of service. f 
HONORING DON ROMINES 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Don Romines of Houston, Mis-souri on receiving this year’s Lifetime Achieve-ment Award for his 45 years of service to the community. In addition to being the city’s long-est serving alderman, Don has volunteered and participated in numerous groups and projects dedicated to improving the commu-nity. From a young age, Don worked in the fam-ily owned and operated business Romines Motor Company. His parents were active members of the community, with Don’s mother Vera holding office as the first female mayor of Houston. In 1972, Don married former Houston Middle School teacher Barbara Bridges, whom he later had two children with, Franklin and Tyler. In 1978, Don was first elected to the Hous-ton City Council. In his thirty-plus year career, Don has spent more than 720 evenings at council meetings alone, which totals over 1500 cumulative hours of volunteering for the com-munity. During his tenure as alderman, Don has worked on projects including airport ex-pansion, park developments, street and side-walk additions, and long range planning. In addition to his service on the City Council, Don has participated in the Houston Jaycees, volunteered at the fire department, the cham-ber of commerce, and the Houston Develop-ment Company. For these many accomplishments and his outstanding career of community service, it is my pleasure to recognize Don Romines in front of the U.S. House of Representatives. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JULIE FEIRER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Julie Feirer of Winterset for being honored by her peers as the 2015 Business Person of the Year by the Madison County Chamber of Commerce. Julie launched her business, Winterset Cit-izen Promotions, in late 2013 and by 2015 had achieved a 425 percent increase in her business. Known for providing a high level of service to fellow Madison County businesses, Julie devotes volunteer hours throughout the community to improve and enhance Winterset and the Madison County area. The region is better served because Julie epitomizes leader-ship. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Iowans like Julie in the United States Con-gress. I also invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating her on receiving this award and wishing her nothing but continued success. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MIDDLESEX AND SOMERSET COUNTIES AFL– CIO LABOR COUNCIL 33RD AN-NUAL AWARDS AND SCHOLAR-SHIP BRUNCH HONORING KEVIN M
CCABE AND VINCENT M. LANE 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Middlesex and Somerset Coun-ties AFL–CIO Labor Council as its members gather for the 33rd annual Awards and Schol-arship Brunch on April 24, 2016. I would also like to congratulate Kevin McCabe and Vin-cent M. Lane on their recognition by the Coun-cil as the Hubert H. Humphrey Friend of Labor Award recipient and the Labor Person of the Year recipient, respectively. The Middlesex and Somerset Counties AFL–CIO Labor Council, based in Sayreville, New Jersey, represents workers in Middlesex and Somerset Counties. The Council supports and advocates for unions and their members in an effort to advance and protect the stand-ards, rights and benefits of New Jersey’s labor force. Kevin McCabe and Vincent Lane, truly em-body the spirit of the Hubert H. Humphrey Friend of Labor Award and the Middlesex and Somerset Counties AFL–CIO Labor Council Labor Person of the Year. As President of the Carpenter Contractor Trust of New York & New Jersey and former Commissioner for the New Jersey State Department of Labor, Chair-man McCabe is a dedicated partner in labor and continues to serve New Jersey’s work-force. Mr. Lane is a hardworking labor leader, currently serving as its Business Manager and Secretary-Treasurer of the International Union of Painters and Allied Trades District Council 711. I would also like to join with the Council in commemorating Workers Memorial Day. Workers Memorial Day is an important observ-ance, highlighting the risks men and women face on the job and the need to continue our efforts to advance safe work conditions. I com-mend the Middlesex and Somerset Counties AFL–CIO Labor Council for remembering those individuals who have been injured or who have lost their lives in the workplace. Mr. Speaker, once again, please join me in recognizing the Middlesex and Somerset 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18AP8.004 E18APPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE504 April 18, 2016 
Counties AFL–CIO Labor Council and con-gratulating Kevin McCabe and Vincent Lane. Their efforts to ensure equal rights and oppor-tunities for workers is truly deserving of this body’s recognition. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 37TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE TAIWAN RELA-TIONS ACT 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 37th anniversary of the Tai-wan Relations Act. The Republic of China (Taiwan) is not only our close economic and security partner but a friend with whom we share many principles and values. Signed into law in 1979, the Tai-wan Relations Act established the legal basis for our bilateral relations with Taiwan. I am pleased to say the U.S.-Taiwan bilateral rela-tionship has continued to expand and grow stronger over the past thirty-seven years. As President Ma Ying-jeou remarked during The American Chamber of Commerce 2016 An-nual Hsieh Nien Fan Gala, this relationship has also reaped benefits for the peaceful state of the East Asia and Asia-Pacific regions: ‘‘First, the development of Taiwan-U.S. rela-tions and the trilateral interaction involving the U.S., Taiwan, and the mainland over the past eight years have led to the warmest relations in more than 60 years.’’ In a recent trip to Taiwan, I had the oppor-tunity to experience firsthand our shared val-ues and our close economic ties. In 2015, Tai-wan was the United States’ 9th largest trading partner and the bilateral trade between the United States and Taiwan reached $67.4 bil-lion. My home state of California has also ben-efited from the strong commercial partnership. For example, in 2014, California’s export to Taiwan reached $7.46 billion, making Taiwan California’s 5th largest export market in Asia and 7th largest export market in the world. Additionally, as we recently recognized the 70th Anniversary of the end of World War II, it is appropriate to remember Taiwan’s impor-tant contributions to the alliance that defeated fascist militarism. The United States and Tai-wan work closely and that partnership contin-ued as the United States helped Taiwan to overcome challenges and thrive following the end of the fighting. As a friend of Taiwan, I look forward to con-tinuing to promote policies that reaffirm our mutual commitment to democratic and eco-nomic development. I urge my colleagues to join me in commemorating the 37th anniver-sary of the Taiwan Relations Act. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,203,187,186,595.43. We’ve added $8,576,310,137,682.35 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. f 
TRIBUTE TO BROOKE SUTPHIN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Brooke Sutphin for being recognized by her peers to receive the 2015 Customer Service of the Year Award from the Madison County Cham-ber of Commerce. Her company, b.Shannon Designs in Winterset, is known throughout the region for its unique product of personalized jewelry Brooke has been designing and creating jewelry since 1995 when she graduated from the University of Kansas with a Bachelor’s De-gree in Fine Arts. Her specialty is seeking a unique combination of contrast and textures which catch the eye. It has been said that ‘‘A customer doesn’t care how much you know until they know how much you care.’’ (D. Ramon) Brooke Sutphin lives that motto every day in her dealings with the public. She cares about her community as much as she cares about her business and it shows with the rec-ognition they bestowed upon her. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Brooke and all the citizens of Madison County in the United States Congress. I also invite my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating her on receiving this award and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING APRIL 17 AS WORLD HEMOPHILIA DAY 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize April 17 as World Hemo-philia Day, a day where the international com-munity speaks as one to honor the hundreds of thousands of people across the globe suf-fering from hemophilia. Now, more than ever, we must renew our commitment to hemophilia patients, ensure that they can receive the most advanced care known to modern medi-cine, and redouble our efforts to discovering new treatments—and ultimately a cure—for this dangerous condition. Hemophilia is a genetic disorder that pre-vents blood from clotting properly, making even seemingly slight injuries a terrifying pros-pect for a bleeding episode that can lead to serious injury and even death. While the dis-ease is rare in statistical terms, an estimated 400 newborns are diagnosed with the disease every year, and approximately 20,000 hemo-philiacs live in the United States at this very moment. And all too often, this vulnerable pa-tient population is put into jeopardy by the fi-nancial hurdles obstructing access to the in-tensive care needed for combatting such a pervasive disease. Too many American families are faced with the daunting challenge of tackling the financial burden of hemophilia—a burden that can grow to $250,000 a year or more. This World He-mophilia Day, I stand to speak out on behalf of the patients battling this complicated dis-ease and hope that by raising awareness in this body, we move closer to a day where the treatment of hemophilia is practical, sustain-able, and accessible for all Americans. f 
MARY BETH RADIGAN 
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Mary Beth Radigan, an outstanding educator and Hillsborough Coun-ty’s 2016 Teacher of the Year. After graduating from Ohio University with a degree in Special Education, Ms. Radigan began her illustrious career in special-edu-cation classrooms, including nine years in Hillsborough County as an educator for autis-tic and intellectually delayed students. She currently serves as special education teacher at Plant High School in Tampa, Florida. As a proud parent of a Plant High School student, I know firsthand how invaluable an educator is in developing the potential in all children. Ms. Radigan’s passion for education is so well es-tablished in our community that she was se-lected from a pool of hundreds of nominees as the Hillsborough County Teacher of the Year. Accompanying her passion in the class-room, Ms. Radigan serves as a Special Olym-pics coach. Students in her classroom learn important life skills through numerous addi-tional programs that she has spearheaded. In 2012, Ms. Radigan’s class founded Pawbucks coffee, a coffee service, where her students have the opportunity to improve their job skills, social skills and independence. They are re-sponsible for managing the business by mak-ing coffee, setting up the carts, selling and de-livering coffee, answering phone orders and counting the total daily sales. Beyond practical skills, Pawbucks coffee has given students the opportunity to feel a great pride and a part of the school community. In addition to the coffee service, she and her students founded an organic garden that recently received a Florida Agriculture in the Classroom grant to buy a hydroponic tower. You can also find her students leading the cheering section at the weekly football games through the Paw Prints Cheerleading. Hillsborough County Teacher of the Year Mary Beth Radigan has shown time and time again her unwavering commitment and compassion to go above and beyond for her students. She has created a meaningful and enriching expe-rience for all of her students and will leave a lasting legacy as a teacher with endless com-passion and drive. It is one of my greatest honors to champion our community’s excellent students and edu-cators in Congress. On behalf of the constitu-ents of the Fourteenth District of Florida it is our honor to recognize Mary Beth Radigan for her exemplary career of educating our com-munity’s youth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP8.007 E18APPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE505 April 18, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO GORDON HENNICK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Gordon Hennick on the occasion of his 100th birthday on March 30, 2016. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Gordon’s life. Since his birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Gordon has lived through seventeen United States Presidents and twen-ty-four Governors of Iowa. In his lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Gordon in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish him a very happy 100th birthday. I invite my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Gordon on reaching this incredible milestone and wishing him even more health and happi-ness in the years to come. 
f 
HOSTILITIES BETWEEN AZERBAIJAN AND ARMENIA 
HON. RYAN K. ZINKE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my deepest concern over the recent surge in hostilities along the Line of Contact between Armenia and Azerbaijan which needlessly claimed dozens of lives on both sides. These skirmishes come just days after a successful visit by Azerbaijani President Aliyev with Vice President B
IDEN and Secretary Kerry. Azerbaijan has been a staunch ally to the United States. It is critical to regional sta-bility and global security that the recent hos-tilities are deescalated. It is no secret that Russia does not support the Southern Gas Corridor Project. This pipe-line has been championed by Azerbaijan and would provide critical energy security for America’s friends and allies in Europe. Ac-cordingly this latest upsurge in fighting is an-other sign of Moscow’s meddling in the affairs of states along its borders. As we have seen in Eastern Ukraine and Georgia, Russia con-tinues to exploit separatist movements along its periphery to pressure our friends and allies in the region. Unfortunately, this is not the first time that Armenia, Russia’s key regional ally, has been used as a proxy to intimidate our partners, including Azerbaijan and Georgia. These latest hostilities between Azerbaijan and Armenia remind us of the urgency to find a peaceful solution to the protracted conflict. I urge the Administration to step up its efforts towards a peaceful solution and work with both sides to stabilize the region. Meanwhile, in the face of increasing Russian interference and aggression against its neighbors, the United States must remain steadfast in its support of friends like Azerbaijan. HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. SE-BASTIAN LUJAN ‘‘BEN’’ BENAVIDEZ HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mr. Sebastian Lujan ‘‘Ben’’ Benavidez, a longtime Fresno civil rights lead-er, who passed away on April 4, 2016, at the age of 69. Mr. Benavidez will undoubtedly be remembered by the legacy he created through serving the community as a positive role model to all of those he encountered. Born on November 4, 1946 in Miami, Ari-zona, Mr. Benavidez was the son of Arizona copper miners. He moved to Fresno, Cali-fornia in 1962. He graduated from Washington Union High School, and continued on to at-tend Fresno City College. After college Ben worked for Parlier Unified School District. Mr. Benavidez is appreciated by many individuals throughout California, but he is especially treasured in the San Joaquin Valley, where he worked tirelessly to improve civil and eco-nomic rights for individuals throughout the re-gion. Mr. Benavidez was a leader and spent dec-ades advocating and working to improve the lives of immigrant families in the rural commu-nities of the San Joaquin Valley and Cali-fornia. He became actively involved in the Mexican American Political Association (MAPA), serving as President for 13 years. As President of MAPA, Mr. Benavidez fought to expand opportunities in education, and led an effort to increase minority participation in local government. In the 1980s and early 1990s, he led boycotts and walkouts that helped more Latinos win city and school board positions. His efforts to expand opportunities for minori-ties in education decisions led him to take on Dinuba, and Kings Canyon Unified School dis-tricts in a battle to eliminate at-large elections, to ensure that school boards were reflective of the communities they served. Mr. Benavidez’s unrelenting pursuit for so-cial justice made him known to be fearless, and he demanded fairness. He fought for equality and improved educational opportuni-ties for immigrant, migrant and minority chil-dren. He educated parents about their civil rights and their enormous political potential. Mr. Benavidez’s contributions to his commu-nity, his philanthropic endeavors, and his work to expand small minority owned businesses led him to be honored by Parlier Unified School District with an elementary school named after him. In 2007, The Fresno Bee recognized Mr. Benavidez with the Latino Leg-ends of the 20th Century Award, and in 2011, Mr. Benavidez was honored for his civil rights work, in advocating for minority civil and eco-nomic rights by the Greenlining Institute. Without question, Mr. Benavidez’s integrity, honor and long-lasting involvement in the Cen-tral Valley made him a reputable man. He was well known, beloved, and shown enormous appreciation by anyone who had the pleasure of calling him a friend. Mr. Benavidez leaves behind his loving family, including his wife of 49 years, Gloria, their two sons and two daughters, their respective spouses, twelve grandchildren and great-grandchildren. It is my honor to join his family in celebrating the life of this amazing man, who will never be forgot-ten. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I ask my colleagues in the House of Represent-atives to honor the life of Mr. Ben Benavidez. He will be remembered for his contributions and service to our country. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAN MEHMEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mr. Dan Mehmen of Atlantic, Iowa, for being recog-nized as the Ambassador of the Year by the Atlantic Area Chamber of Commerce. Dan is new to the Atlantic area, stepping into the community in 2015. To be a friendly neighbor and community leader, Dan has taken an active role in the Atlantic Area Chamber of Commerce. As an Ambassador for the organization, he visits local businesses to welcome them to the community, attend grand opening ribbon cuttings, and shares in-formation beneficial to a new or local busi-ness. In presenting the award, his peers rec-ognized his faithful attendance at Chamber-re-lated events throughout the year, while show-ing enthusiastic support for area businesses and his fellow Ambassadors. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Dan for earning this award and for taking an active role in his community. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Dan and in wishing him nothing but con-tinued success. 
f 
GREEK INDEPENDENCE DAY 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Wednesday, April 13, 2016, has been designated ‘‘Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy.’’ I am pleased to join my colleagues in recognizing the unique con-tributions to our civilization from those of Greece and of Greek American descent. Democracy was first born in Greece over 2,000 years ago, based on the fundamental principle of consensual government self-deter-mined by free citizens. The ideas forged in an-cient Greece by brilliant minds of the day have such clarity and force that 2,000 years later they still hold more power than a host of armed weapons. The priceless ideas of democracy and equality born in ancient Greece have strongly shaped the American national identity, which became a beacon of freedom and dignity to individuals. They continue to give hope and in-spiration to the millions around the world who yearn to live in a free society like ours. Greece set the example for us and we, in turn have set the example for countless others. Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate that the Con-gress has set aside this national day of cele-bration again in 2016. Each year, it seems, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18AP8.023 E18APPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE506 April 18, 2016 
have a greater appreciation for the tremen-dous contribution of Greece to our American values and our priceless democracy. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE DEAN ROBINSON FAMILY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Dean Robinson Family for being awarded the Cattle-men of the Year award from the Madison County Cattlemen’s Association. The Madison County Cattlemen’s Association is an organi-zation of beef producing families and associ-ated companies dedicated to the future of Iowa’s beef industry. Accepting the coveted award were Robin-son family members and producers Dave, Gina, Dean, Kristin and Bradley Robinson. Many Iowans, as well as the Robinsons, have a long tradition of raising quality beef for world consumption. Their farming operation is based on pure dedication to feeding the world while being good stewards of their product and the land. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate the Robinsons for this award and I share their love and passion of raising cattle to feed the world. I am proud to represent them in the United States Congress. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating the Rob-inson Family and wishing them nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN MEMORIAM BRUCE MERRILL MAY 13, 1937–APRIL 9, 2016 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Bruce Merrill. Bruce was a prominent Arizona political sci-entist and pollster who taught and conducted research at Arizona State University for the past forty years. Bruce was an Arizona native who taught political science and conducted regular opinion surveys of Arizona voters and provided political commentary to news outlets. No elected official in Arizona was elected to office without the knowledge of Merrill’s re-search. He was a factual, objective voice fo-cused on finding out what Arizonan’s wanted from their leaders. His perspective and deep knowledge of the Arizona electorate will be deeply missed. Bruce was also a U.S. Navy veteran who served as a liaison officer to members of Con-gress and other political leaders. He studied political research at Brigham Young University and joined the faculty at ASU in 1970. He re-tired from the university in 1998 as a professor emeritus and served as a fellow for the Morri-son Institute, a research center focused on public policy in Arizona. Bruce is survived by his wife, Janis, daugh-ter Kathryn Sorensen, son Christopher and his wife’s children, Laura Sonius, Brian Sandler and Heather Lautt and a host of grand-children. Please join me in honoring his mem-ory. f 
TRIBUTE TO WALT TITUS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Walt Titus on his recent retirement from the Gravity, Iowa Fire Department. Walt served as a firefighter for more than 58 years. Walt became a volunteer firefighter in the mid-1950s in Kirkman, Iowa and has worked for the Sharpsburg and Gravity Fire Depart-ments over the course of the next 58 years. He did anything that needed to be done in service to the department. He was quoted in the Bedford Times-Press stating that commit-ment is the key to a volunteer fire department. ‘‘If a fire alarm goes off, there is a blizzard and it’s 10 below zero, some want to stay home. When you’re committed, you get up and go whether you feel like it or not.’’ It is that atti-tude which exemplifies the Iowa spirit of vol-unteerism and pride. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues in the United States Congress join me in com-mending Walt for his service to Taylor County. I consider it an honor to represent Walt in United States House of Representatives and wish him the best in his retirement from his firefighting duties. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 2016 CONGRES-SIONAL ARTS COMPETITION 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, once again, I come to the floor to recognize the great success of strong local schools working with dedicated parents and teachers. I rise today to congratulate and honor a number of outstanding high school artists from the 11th Congressional District of New Jersey. Each of these talented young men and women partici-pated in the 2016 Congressional Arts Com-petition, ‘‘An Artistic Discovery.’’ Their works of art are exceptional. Sixty six participated. That is a wonderful re-sponse, and I would very much like to build on that participation for future competitions. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate the winners of our art competition. First place was awarded to Jane Lee from Wayne Valley High School for her acrylic painting entitled, ‘‘Chrome Still-Life.’’ Second place was award-ed to Emma Jang from West Morris Mendham High School for her acrylic painting on canvas entitled, ‘‘Tenacity.’’ Tyler Harker received third place for his etching titled ‘‘Opal.’’ Honorable Mentions were awarded to: Con-nor Sokol of Sparta High School for his photo-graph titled ‘‘Freedom’s Flight,’’ Jasmine Shaw for her photograph entitled ‘‘There’s No Place Like Homeland,’’ Camila Rosario for her col-ored pencil sketch entitled ‘‘Stressed Out,’’ and Leonela Moyoli of Boonton High School for her acrylic painting entitled, ‘‘Tyran Moore.’’ Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize each artist for their participation by indicating their high school, their name and the title of their contest entries. Boonton High School: Alexis Manfredi, ‘‘The Lorax’’ Leonela Moyoli,‘‘Tryan Moore’’ Theodore Perri, ‘‘Phelps’’ Elizabeth Sayles, ‘‘Elizabeth’’ Chatham High School: Jane Ewald, ‘‘Teddy’’ Connie Han, ‘‘Like Father Like Son’’ Phoebe Nichols, ‘‘Eliza’’ Amanda Leyens, Untitled Delbarton School: Joseph Gambetta, ‘‘Patriotism’’ Santiago Robertson-Lavalle, ‘‘Girl in the Archway’’ Hanover Park High School: Samantha Wingerter, ‘‘Sam I Am’’ Jefferson Township High School: Skylar Lewis, ‘‘Moonlight Serenade’’ Melanie Rodriguez, ‘‘Reflections’’ Nina Thogulura, ‘‘Hues of Contemplation’’ Kinnelon High School: Samantha Flayderman, ‘‘Miss Believer’’ Patrycia Glowiak, ‘‘Shadows’’ Ava Lutz, ‘‘Aviary Reflection’’ Amanda Pita, ‘‘The Old Man by the Sea’’ Livingston High School: Lanie Esralew, ‘‘July in Manhattan’’ Yana Sang, ‘‘Around the World’’ Jasmine Shaw, ‘‘There’s No Place like Home-land’’ Julia Zeman, ‘‘Passionate Polaroid’’ Jennifer Zheng, ‘‘Where to Next?’’ Mewe Art Academy: Siyu Cao, ‘‘2011/07/01 Shanghai’’ Montville High School: Kristen DiGiacomo, ‘‘Lost’’ Destinee Garrido, ‘‘Style’’ Alexander Tullo, ‘‘Back Street Lot’’ Morris Catholic High School: Patrick Green, ‘‘Sunset Over the Marine Corps War Memorial’’ Roxana Ponce, ‘‘Reminiscence’’ Haoming Zhu, ‘‘Zi Tai [Posture]’’ Morris Knolls High School: Austin Braddock, ‘‘Censored’’ Jenna Ford, ‘‘Fractured Self-Portrait’’ Adam SanGiovanni, ‘‘Stephanie, the Free Soul’’ Ryan Sullivan, ‘‘Hypnotized’’ Mountain Lakes High School: Joy Xie, ‘‘Worn Out’’ Nutley High School: Barbara Benda, ‘‘Relief in the Farm of Nusty Pages’’ Jacob Michels, ‘‘Bridge’’ Omar Morsi, ‘‘Making the Best of a Rainy Day’’ Gregory O’Connell, ‘‘Smooth Criminal’’ Parsippany High School: Christine Li, ‘‘Don’t Burst My Bubble’’ Parsippany Hills High School: Karoline Xiong, ‘‘The Joy of Sunrise’’ Passaic County Technical Institute: Christopher Cortez, ‘‘Norma’’ Jamie Loverdi, ‘‘Candice Swanepoel’’ Passaic Valley High School: Claudia Barone, ‘‘Piano Keys’’ Melanie Capalbo, ‘‘Fall Foliage’’ Andrew Fucntet, ‘‘Fear in Clouds’’ Santiago Gomez-Vargas, ‘‘All the Dry Peach-es’’ Randolph High School: Nicole Gehan, ‘‘Brave’’ Sparta High School: Brandon Ancis, ‘‘Unspoken Wisdom’’ Katlyn Connelly, ‘‘Father and Son Bonding’’ Mitchell Coyle, ‘‘The Dream Within Us All’’ Connor Sokol, ‘‘Freedom’s Flight’’ Wayne Valley High School: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18AP8.014 E18APPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE507 April 18, 2016 
Jane Lee, ‘‘Chrome Still-Life’’ Olivia Lozy, ‘‘Stained Hands’’ Chelsea Pitti-Fernandez, ‘‘Hedgeworth’’ Camila Rosario, ‘‘Stressed Out’’ West Morris Mendham High School: Tyler Harker, ‘‘Opal’’ Emma Jang, ‘‘Tenacity’’ West Orange High School: Victoria Chi, ‘‘Harper’’ Genesis Guedes, ‘‘Titans’’ Harper McVey, ‘‘Fury’’ Vanessa Wapples, ‘‘Still Waiting . . .’’ Whippany Park High School: Nasim Bibi, ‘‘Beyond the Looking Glass’’ Michelle Duong, ‘‘Morendo: Diminishing in Time’’ Ana Ramil, ‘‘Pride’’ Lisa Romano, ‘‘1,000 Words’’ 
Each year the winner of the competition has their art work displayed with other winners from across the country in a special corridor here at the U.S. Capitol. Thousands of our fel-low Americans walk through the exhibition and are reminded of the vast talents of our young men and women. Indeed, all of these young artists are winners, and we should be proud of their achievements so early in life. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating these talented young people from New Jersey’s 11th Congressional District. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on Mon-day, April 18, I missed Roll Call Votes 153 and 154 due to flight delays in traveling to Washington, D.C. associated with my need to monitor the emergency response to flash flooding in my congressional district. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: On Roll Call 153, I would have voted AYE (H.R. 4570—100 Years of Women in Con-gress Act (Representative M
ENG—Agriculture)) On Roll Call 154, I would have voted AYE (S. 719—To rename the Armed Forces Re-serve Center in Great Falls, Montana, the Captain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center (Senator T
ESTER —Armed Services)) 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RINGGOLD COUNTY HOSPITAL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Ringgold County Hospital in Mount Ayr, Iowa on their 65th anni-versary. This is an important milestone in their history of service to Ringgold County and the surrounding communities. Ringgold County Hospital opened on April 17, 1951 with 25 employees and 65 years later, employs 125. Ringgold County Hospital offers many services not even possible in 1951, ranging from same-day and outpatient surgeries, physical therapy, cardiopulmonary rehab, medical imaging, infusion therapy and sleep studies to ambulance services. Ringgold County Hospital also owns the Mount Ayr Medical Clinic and offer many specialty clinic services for community members. Mr. Speaker, throughout its many years of service, Ringgold County Hospital has suc-cessfully met the needs of the community by providing excellent care and necessary serv-ices. I congratulate the Ringgold County Hos-pital on this historic anniversary. It is an honor to represent its employees in the United States Congress. I wish them nothing but con-tinued success well into the future. f 
TRIBUTE TO YOUNG STAFF MEM-BERS FOR THEIR CONTRIBU-TIONS ON BEHALF OF THE PEO-PLE OF THE 18TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS AND THE UNITED STATES 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 18, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as Mem-bers of Congress we know well, perhaps bet-ter than most, how blessed our nation is to have in reserve such exceptional young men and women who will go on to become leaders in their local communities, states, and the na-tion in the areas of business, education, gov-ernment, philanthropy, the arts and culture, and the military. We know this because we see them and benefit from their contributions every day. Many of them work for us in our offices as jun-ior staff members, congressional fellows, or in-terns and they do amazing work for and on behalf of the constituents we are privileged to represent. Mr. Speaker, I believe there is no higher calling than the call to serve a cause larger than ourselves. That is why I ran for public of-fice. I was inspired to serve by President Ken-nedy who said, ‘‘Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country,’’ and by the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. who said: ‘‘Everybody can be great because anybody can serve. . . . You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love.’’ By this measure, there are several other great young men and women who served as volunteers this year in my offices. They may toil in obscurity but their contributions to the constituents we serve are deeply appreciated. That is why today I rise to pay tribute to eight extraordinary young persons for their service to my constituents in the 18th Congressional District of Texas and to the American people. They are: Remmington Belford from Texas Southern University; Bianca Remmie from the University of Texas at Austin; Madelyn Wilson from the University of Houston; Promise Ukandu from Texas Tech University; Gabriela Irizarry from the George Washington Univer-sity; Itzayana Lopez from the University of Houston-Downtown; Taylor Rainey from How-ard University; and Karis Johnson, Esq. from St. Mary’s Law School. Mr. Speaker, the energy, intelligence, and idealism these wonderful young people brought to my office and those interning in the offices of my colleagues help keep our democ-racy vibrant. The insights, skills, and knowl-edge of the governmental process they gain from their experiences will last a lifetime and prove invaluable to them as they go about making their mark in this world. Because of persons like them the future of our country is bright and its best days lie ahead. I wish them all well. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that such thoughtful committed young men and women can be found working in my office, those of my colleagues, and in every community in America. Their good works will keep America great, good, and forever young. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, April 19, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
APRIL 20 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Environmental Protection Agency. SD–124 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security To hold hearings to examine the state of the United States maritime industry, focusing on stakeholder perspectives. SR–253 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine new ap-proaches and innovative technologies to improve water supply. SD–406 Committee on Finance Business meeting to consider an original bill to prevent identity theft and tax refund fraud, and an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Taxpayer Protection Act of 2016’’. SD–215 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the admin-istrative state, focusing on an exam-ination of Federal rulemaking. SD–342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP8.016 E18APPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE508 April 18, 2016 
Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Inga S. Bernstein, to be United States District Judge for the District of Massachusetts, Stephanie A. Galla-gher, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland, Su-zanne Mitchell, and Scott L. Palk, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, and Ronald G. Russell, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for Defense innovation and research. SD–192 Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine restoring stability to government operations. SD–608 2 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To hold hearings to examine Navy and Marine Corps aviation programs in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2017 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SR–232A 2:15 p.m. Committee on Rules and Administration To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Carla D. Hayden, of Maryland, to be Librarian of Congress. SR–301 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel To hold hearings to examine the current state of research, diagnosis, and treat-ment for post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury. SR–222 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine our complex tax code and the economy. SD–562 5 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To receive a closed briefing on an Admin-istration update on the Mosul Dam. SVC–217 APRIL 21 9:15 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Jeffrey A. Rosen, of Virginia, to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service. SD–342 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of General Curtis M. Scaparrotti, USA, for reappointment to the grade of general and to be Commander, United States European Command and Su-preme Allied Commander, Europe, and General Lori J. Robinson, USAF, for reappointment to the grade of general and to be Commander, North American Aerospace Defense Command. SH–216 9:45 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety To hold hearings to examine enabling ad-vanced reactors, including S. 2795, to modernize the regulation of nuclear en-ergy. SD–406 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Business meeting to markup proposed legislation making appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for commerce, justice, science, and related agencies, and pro-posed legislation making appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for transpor-tation, housing and urban develop-ment, and related agencies. SD–106 2 p.m. Committee on Finance To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Customs and Border Protection agency. SD–215 Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 2:30 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining To hold hearings to examine S. 1167, to modify the boundaries of the Pole Creek Wilderness, the Owyhee River Wilderness, and the North Fork Owyhee Wilderness and to authorize the continued use of motorized vehicles for livestock monitoring, herding, and grazing in certain wilderness areas in the State of Idaho, S. 1423, to designate certain Federal lands in California as wilderness, S. 1510, to designate and ex-pand wilderness areas in Olympic Na-tional Forest in the State of Wash-ington, and to designate certain rivers in Olympic National Forest and Olym-pic National Park as wild and scenic rivers, S. 1699, to designate certain land administered by the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service in the State of Oregon as wil-derness and national recreation areas and to make additional wild and scenic river designations in the State of Or-egon, S. 1777, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to authorize the Sec-retary of Agriculture to maintain or replace certain facilities and struc-tures for commercial recreation serv-ices at Smith Gulch in Idaho, S. 2018, to convey, without consideration, the reversionary interests of the United States in and to certain non-Federal land in Glennallen, Alaska, S. 2223, to transfer administrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Manage-ment land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, S. 2379, to provide for the unencumbering of title to non- Federal land owned by the city of Tuc-son, Arizona, for purposes of economic development by conveyance of the Fed-eral reversionary interest to the City, and S. 2383, to withdraw certain Bureau of Land Management land in the State of Utah from all forms of public appro-priation, to provide for the shared management of the withdrawn land by the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force to facilitate enhanced weapons testing and pilot training, enhance public safety, and provide for continued public access to the withdrawn land, to provide for the exchange of certain Federal land and State land. SD–366 APRIL 26 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SD–G50 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine challenges and opportunities for oil and gas development in different price environments. SD–366 Committee on the Judiciary To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Program, focusing on the need for more timeliness and transparency. SD–226 APRIL 27 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office 
report on ‘‘Telecommunications: Addi-tional Coordination and Performance Measurement Needed for High-Speed Internet Access Programs on Tribal Lands.’’ SD–628 APRIL 28 2:30 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining To hold hearings to examine the impacts of invasive species on the productivity, value, and management of land and water resources; to conduct oversight on the National Invasive Species Coun-cil’s new framework for early detection and rapid response; to examine im-proved cooperative tools for control and management, including S. 2240, to improve the control and management of invasive species that threaten and harm Federal land under the jurisdic-tion of the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior. SD–366 MAY 9 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. SR–232A MAY 10 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. SR–232A 11 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel Business meeting to markup those provi-sions which fall under the subcommit-tee’s jurisdiction of the proposed Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. SD–G50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M18AP8.000 E18APPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE509 April 18, 2016 
2 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support Business meeting to markup those provi-sions which fall under the subcommit-tee’s jurisdiction of the proposed Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. SD–G50 3:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities Business meeting to markup those provi-sions which fall under the subcommit-tee’s jurisdiction of the proposed Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. SD–G50 5:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. SR–232A MAY 11 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to markup the proposed National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2017. SR–222 MAY 12 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to continue to markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. SR–222 MAY 13 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to continue to markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. SR–222 
POSTPONEMENTS 
APRIL 21 9:30 a.m. Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine the Admin-istration’s overtime rule and the rising costs of doing business. SR–428A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M18AP8.000 E18APPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D382 Monday, April 18, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2109–S2130 Measures Introduced: Eight bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 2806–2813, and S.J. Res. 33.
                                                                 Page S2128 
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘Allocation to Subcommit-tees of Budget Totals for Fiscal Year 2017’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–238) S. 2806, making appropriations for military con-struction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. (S. Rept. No. 114–237) S. 185, to create a limited population pathway for approval of certain antibacterial drugs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1622, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to devices, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2700, to update the authorizing provisions re-lating to the workforces of the National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Administration, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2713, to provide for the implementation of a Precision Medicine Initiative, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2742, to amend title IV of the Public Health Service Act regarding the national research insti-tutes, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. S. 2745, to amend the Public Health Service Act to promote the inclusion of minorities in clinical re-search, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute.
                                                                             Page S2127 
Measures Considered: Federal Aviation Administration Reauthorization Act—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, taking action on the following amend-ments proposed thereto:
                                 Pages S2110–21 
Adopted: Thune Amendment No. 3680 (to Amendment No. 3679), of a perfecting nature.
    Pages S2110, S2119 McConnell (for Thune/Nelson) Amendment No. 3679, in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                            Pages S2110, S2119 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 89 yeas to 5 nays (Vote No. 46), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the bill.
                   Page S2120 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 11 a.m., on Tuesday, April 19, 2016. 
                                                                                            Page S2130 
Appointments: Evidence-Based Policymaking Commission: The Chair announced, on behalf of the Democratic Lead-er, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 114–140, the appointment of the following individ-uals to serve as members of the Evidence-Based Pol-icymaking Commission: Robert Groves of the Dis-trict of Columbia (data privacy), Jeffrey Liebman of Massachusetts (researcher), and Kim Wallin of Ne-vada (experienced program administrator).
   Page S2130 
FAA Reauthorization/Energy Policy Moderniza-tion/Energy and Water Development Appropria-tions—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agree-ment was reached providing that notwithstanding Rule XXII, at 12 noon, on Tuesday, April 19, 2016, Senate vote on passage of H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently ex-tend increased expensing limitations, as amended; that following disposition of H.R. 636, as amended, Senate resume consideration of S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, as under the previous order of April 13, 2016; and that following disposition of S. 2012, as amended, if amended, but not prior to Wednes-day, April 20, 2016, the cloture motion with respect to the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2028, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, be withdrawn, and Sen-ate begin consideration of H.R. 2028.
   Pages S2120–21 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18AP6.REC D18APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D383 April 18, 2016 
Susan Faye Beard, of Maryland, to be Inspector General of the Department of Energy. Mary Beth Leonard, of Massachusetts, to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the African Union, with the rank and status of Ambas-sador. Lawrence Robert Silverman, of Massachusetts, to be Ambassador to the State of Kuwait. Susan S. Gibson, of Virginia, to be Inspector Gen-eral of the National Reconnaissance Office. 3 Army nominations in the rank of general. 1 Coast Guard nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Army.
                              Page S2130 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2123 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2123 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2123–25 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S2125–27 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S2127–28 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2128–29 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S2122 Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2129–30 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2130 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—46)
                                                                   Page S2120 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:36 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, April 19, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2130.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Finance: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Andrew LaMont Eanes, of Kansas, to be Deputy Commissioner of Social Se-curity, and Elizabeth Ann Copeland, of Texas, and Vik Edwin Stoll, of Missouri, both to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 17 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4975–4991; and 3 resolutions, H. Res. 686, 689–690, were introduced.
     Pages H1801–02 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1802–03 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4885, to require that user fees collected by the Internal Revenue Service be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–498); H.R. 1206, to prohibit the hiring of additional Internal Revenue Service employees until the Sec-retary of the Treasury certifies that no employee of the Internal Revenue Service has a seriously delin-quent tax debt, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–499); H.R. 3724, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Commissioner of the Inter-nal Revenue Service from rehiring any employee of the Internal Revenue Service who was involuntarily separated from service for misconduct, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–500); H.R. 4890, to impose a ban on the payment of bonuses to employees of the Internal Revenue Service until the Secretary of the Treasury develops and im-plements a comprehensive customer service strategy, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–501); H. Res. 687, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1206) to prohibit the hiring of additional Internal Revenue Service employees until the Sec-retary of the Treasury certifies that no employee of the Internal Revenue Service has a seriously delin-quent tax debt, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4885) to require that user fees col-lected by the Internal Revenue Service be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury (H. Rept. 114–502); and H. Res. 688, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4890) to impose a ban on the payment of bonuses to employees of the Internal Revenue Service until the Secretary of the Treasury develops and implements a comprehensive customer service strategy, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3724) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service from rehiring any employee of the Internal Revenue Service who was involuntarily sepa-rated from service for misconduct (H. Rept. 114–503).
                                                                      Page H1801 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18AP6.REC D18APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD384 April 18, 2016 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Brooks (AL) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H1769 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:01 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H1769 
Amicus brief on behalf of the House of Rep-resentatives: Pursuant to H. Res. 639, the Chair announced that an amicus brief was filed on April 4, 2016 in the United States Supreme Court in the matter of United States v. Texas.
                      Page H1770 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:07 p.m. and recon-vened at 4 p.m.
                                                          Page H1770 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Department of Homeland Security Headquarters Consolidation Accountability Act: S. 1638, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit to Congress information on the Department of Home-land Security headquarters consolidation project in the National Capital Region;
                      Pages H1770–72 
Designating the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 121 Spring Street SE in Gainesville, Georgia, as the ‘‘Sidney Oslin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’: H.R. 4618, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 121 Spring Street SE in Gainesville, Georgia, as the ‘‘Sidney Oslin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’;
                          Pages H1772–73 
Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby: H. Con. Res. 119, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby;
                                                                     Pages H1773–74 
100 Years of Women in Congress Act: H.R. 4570, to amend the Department of Agriculture pro-gram for research and extension grants to increase participation by women and underrepresented mi-norities in the fields of science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics to redesignate the program as the ‘‘Jeannette Rankin Women and Minorities in STEM Fields Program’’, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 377 yeas to 6 nays with 2 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 153;
                                             Pages H1774–76, H1780–81 
Renaming the Armed Forces Reserve Center in Great Falls, Montana, the Captain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center: S. 719, to rename the Armed Forces Reserve Center in Great Falls, Montana, the Captain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay of 387 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’ and 1 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 154;
           Pages H1776–77, H1781–82 Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1265 Hurffville Road in Deptford Township, New Jersey, as the ‘‘First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building’’: H.R. 3866, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1265 Hurffville Road in Deptford Township, New Jersey, as the ‘‘First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building’’;
                                               Pages H1777–78 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Perryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Of-fice’’: H.R. 2928, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Perryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Ben-nett Post Office’’; and
                                     Pages H1778–79 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa as the ‘‘Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Building’’: H.R. 4605, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rap-ids, Iowa as the ‘‘Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Building’’.
                                               Pages H1779–80 
Congressional Award Board—Appointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she appointed the following Mem-ber to the Congressional Award Board: Representa-tive Dingell.
                                                                 Page H1777 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:16 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H1780 
Senate Referral: S. 284 was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the Committee on For-eign Affairs.
                                                                  Page H1799 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1780–81, H1781–82. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:41 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology began a markup on H.R. 4889, the ‘‘Kelsey Smith Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4167, the ‘‘Kari’s Law Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4884, the ‘‘Controlling the Unchecked and Reckless Ballooning of the Lifeline Fund Act (CURB Life-line)’’; H.R. 4111, the ‘‘Rural Health Care Connectivity Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4190, the ‘‘Spec-trum Challenge Prize Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3998, the ‘‘Securing Access to Networks in Disasters (SANDy) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18AP6.REC D18APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D385 April 18, 2016 
Act’’; and H.R. 2031, the ‘‘Anti-Swatting Act of 2015’’. NO HIRES FOR THE DELINQUENT IRS ACT; ENSURING INTEGRITY IN THE IRS WORKFORCE ACT OF 2015; IRS OVERSIGHT WHILE ELIMINATING SPENDING ACT OF 2016; AND A BILL TO IMPOSE A BAN ON THE PAYMENT OF BONUSES TO EMPLOYEES OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE UNTIL THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY DEVELOPS AND IMPLEMENTS A COMPREHENSIVE CUSTOMER SERVICE STRATEGY Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 1206, the ‘‘No Hires for the Delinquent IRS Act’’; H.R. 3724, the ‘‘Ensuring Integrity in the IRS Workforce Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4885, the ‘‘IRS Oversight While Eliminating Spending (OWES) Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4890, to impose a ban on the pay-ment of bonuses to employees of the Internal Rev-enue Service until the Secretary of the Treasury de-velops and implements a comprehensive customer service strategy. The committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 1206. The rule pro-vides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–47 shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only the further amendment printed in the Rules Committee report, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be sub-ject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. Additionally, the Committee granted a closed rule for H.R. 4885. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–50 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The Committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 4890. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–49, and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those fur-ther amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be con-sidered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. Additionally, the Committee granted a closed rule for H.R. 3724. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–48 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Representa-tives Smith of Missouri and Levin. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18AP6.REC D18APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD386 April 18, 2016 Agencies, business meeting to markup proposed legisla-tion making appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for trans-portation, housing and urban development, and related agencies, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies, business meeting to markup proposed legislation making appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for commerce, justice, science, and related agencies, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of General Vincent K. Brooks, USA, for reappointment to the grade of general and to be Com-mander, United Nations Command/Combined Forces Command/United States Forces Korea, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, to hold closed hearings to examine cybersecurity and United States Cyber Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2017 for the Environmental Protection Agency, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine Central America and the Alliance for Prosperity, fo-cusing on identifying United States priorities and assess-ing progress, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine preventing drug trafficking through international mail, 10 a.m., SD–342. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Focus on the Farm Economy: Tightening Credit Conditions’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill for FY 2017; Energy and Water Development Appropria-tions Bill for FY 2017; and Revised Report on the In-terim Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2017, 10:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Workforce Protections, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing Recent Changes to OSHA’s Silica Standards’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Deci-phering the Debate Over Encryption: Industry and Law Enforcement Perspectives’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015: Exam-ining Physician Efforts to Prepare for Medicare Payment Reforms’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, markup on H.R. 4889, the ‘‘Kelsey Smith Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4167, the ‘‘Kari’s Law Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4884, the ‘‘Controlling the Unchecked and Reckless Ballooning of the Lifeline Fund Act (CURB Lifeline)’’; H.R. 4111, the ‘‘Rural Health Care Connectivity Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4190, the ‘‘Spectrum Challenge Prize Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3998, the ‘‘Securing Access to Networks in Disasters (SANDy) Act’’; and H.R. 2031, the ‘‘Anti-Swatting Act of 2015’’ (continued), 2 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, hearing entitled ‘‘Preventing Cul-tural Genocide: Countering the Plunder and Sale of Price-less Cultural Antiquities by ISIS’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Ray-burn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘FY 2017 Budget Priorities for East Asia: Engagement, Integration, and Democracy’’, 1 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade; and Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Israel Imperiled: Threats to the Jewish State’’, 1 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Bor-der and Maritime Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Keeping Pace with Trade, Travel, and Security: How does CBP Prioritize and Improve Staffing and Infrastructure?’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Subcommittee on Transportation Security, hearing en-titled ‘‘Pipelines: Securing the Veins of the American Economy’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Immigra-tion and Border Security, hearing entitled ‘‘The Real Vic-tims of a Reckless and Lawless Immigration Policy: Fami-lies and Survivors Speak Out on the Real Cost of This Administration’s Policies’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Task Force on Executive Overreach, hearing entitled ‘‘Executive Overreach in Domestic Affairs Part II—IRS Abuse, Welfare Reform, and Other Issues’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Recent Changes to Endangered Species Critical Habitat Designation and Implementation’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-ing on H.R. 3881, the ‘‘Cooperative Management of Mineral Rights Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Document Production Status Update, Part II’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Government Operations; and Sub-committee on Information Technology, joint hearing en-titled ‘‘DATA Act: Monitoring Implementation Progress’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘The Commercial Space Launch Industry: Small Satellite Opportunities and Chal-lenges’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘A Continued Assessment of Delays in Veterans’ Access to Health Care’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Over-sight, hearing on the tax return filing season, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18AP6.REC D18APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D387 April 18, 2016 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold hearings to examine anticipating and preventing deadly attacks on European Jewish communities, 1 p.m., 210 Cannon Building. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of April 19 through April 22, 2016 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, at approximately 11 a.m., Senate will continue consideration of H.R. 636, Federal Aviation Administration Reauthorization Act, and vote on passage of the bill at 12 noon. Following disposition of H.R. 636, Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 2012, Energy Policy Mod-ernization Act. After a period of debate, Senate will vote on or in relation to a series of amendments and on passage of the bill. On Wednesday, Senate expects to begin consider-ation of H.R. 2028, Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: April 19, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup proposed legislation making appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for transportation, housing and urban development, and re-lated agencies, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. April 19, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, business meeting to mark-up proposed legislation making appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for commerce, justice, science, and related agencies, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. April 20, Subcommittee on Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Environmental Protection Agen-cy, 10 a.m., SD–124. April 20, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for Defense innovation and research, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. April 21, Full Committee, business meeting to markup proposed legislation making appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for commerce, justice, science, and related agencies, and proposed legislation making appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for transportation, housing and urban develop-ment, and related agencies, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Armed Services: April 19, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of General Vincent K. Brooks, USA, for reappointment to the grade of general and to be Commander, United Nations Command/Combined Forces Command/United States Forces Korea, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. April 19, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Ca-pabilities, to hold closed hearings to examine cybersecu-rity and United States Cyber Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. April 20, Subcommittee on SeaPower, to hold hearings to examine Navy and Marine Corps aviation programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2 p.m., SR–232A. April 20, Subcommittee on Personnel, to hold hearings to examine the current state of research, diagnosis, and treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. April 21, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of General Curtis M. Scaparrotti, USA, for reappointment to the grade of general and to be Com-mander, United States European Command and Supreme Allied Commander, Europe, and General Lori J. Robin-son, USAF, for reappointment to the grade of general and to be Commander, North American Aerospace Defense Command, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on the Budget: April 20, to hold hearings to examine restoring stability to government operations, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: April 20, Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Mer-chant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hearings to examine the state of the United States mari-time industry, focusing on stakeholder perspectives, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: April 21, Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining, to hold hearings to examine S. 1167, to modify the bound-aries of the Pole Creek Wilderness, the Owyhee River Wilderness, and the North Fork Owyhee Wilderness and to authorize the continued use of motorized vehicles for livestock monitoring, herding, and grazing in certain wil-derness areas in the State of Idaho, S. 1423, to designate certain Federal lands in California as wilderness, S. 1510, to designate and expand wilderness areas in Olympic Na-tional Forest in the State of Washington, and to des-ignate certain rivers in Olympic National Forest and Olympic National Park as wild and scenic rivers, S. 1699, to designate certain land administered by the Bu-reau of Land Management and the Forest Service in the State of Oregon as wilderness and national recreation areas and to make additional wild and scenic river des-ignations in the State of Oregon, S. 1777, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to maintain or replace certain facilities and structures for commercial recreation services at Smith Gulch in Idaho, S. 2018, to convey, without consider-ation, the reversionary interests of the United States in and to certain non-Federal land in Glennallen, Alaska, S. 2223, to transfer administrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclu-sion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, S. 2379, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18AP6.REC D18APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD388 April 18, 2016 provide for the unencumbering of title to non-Federal land owned by the city of Tucson, Arizona, for purposes of economic development by conveyance of the Federal re-versionary interest to the City, and S. 2383, to withdraw certain Bureau of Land Management land in the State of Utah from all forms of public appropriation, to provide for the shared management of the withdrawn land by the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force to facilitate enhanced weapons testing and pilot training, enhance public safety, and provide for continued public access to the withdrawn land, to provide for the exchange of certain Federal land and State land, 2:30 p.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: April 19, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2017 for the Environ-mental Protection Agency, 10 a.m., SD–406. April 20, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine new approaches and innovative technologies to improve water supply, 10 a.m., SD–406. April 21, Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety, to hold hearings to examine enabling advanced re-actors, including S. 2795, to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy, 9:45 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: April 20, business meeting to consider an original bill to prevent identity theft and tax refund fraud, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Taxpayer Pro-tection Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., SD–215. April 21, Full Committee, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Customs and Border Protection agency, 2 p.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: April 19, to hold hear-ings to examine Central America and the Alliance for Prosperity, focusing on identifying United States prior-ities and assessing progress, 10 a.m., SD–419. April 20, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on an Administration update on the Mosul Dam, 5 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: April 19, to hold hearings to examine preventing drug trafficking through international mail, 10 a.m., SD–342. April 20, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the administrative state, focusing on an examination of Federal rulemaking, 10 a.m., SD–342. April 21, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Jeffrey A. Rosen, of Virginia, to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service, 9:15 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: April 20, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Inga S. Bernstein, to be United States District Judge for the District of Massachu-setts, Stephanie A. Gallagher, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland, Suzanne Mitchell, and Scott L. Palk, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, and Ronald G. Russell, to be United States District Judge for the Dis-trict of Utah, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Rules and Administration: April 20, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Carla D. Hayden, of Maryland, to be Librarian of Congress, 2:15 p.m., SR–301. Select Committee on Intelligence: April 19, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. April 21, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, April 20, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, markup on the Legislative Branch Ap-propriations Bill, FY 2017, 11:30 a.m., HT–2 Capitol. April 21, Subcommittee on Defense, budget hearing on Intelligence Community, 10 a.m., H–405 Capitol. This hearing will be closed. Committee on Armed Services, April 20, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, markup on the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, 11:30 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. April 20, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, markup on the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, 1:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. April 20, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, markup on the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, 3 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. April 21, Subcommittee on Readiness, markup on the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, 9:30 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. April 21, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Ca-pabilities, markup on the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, 11 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. April 21, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, markup on the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, 12 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, April 20, Sub-committee on Energy and Power; and Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Nuclear Regulatory Commission Budget’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. April 20, Select Investigative Panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, hearing entitled ‘‘The Pricing of Fetal Tissue’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. April 20, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-tions, hearing entitled ‘‘How Secure Are U.S. Bioresearch Labs? Preventing the Next Safety Lapse’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. April 21, Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy, hearing entitled ‘‘EPA’s Brownfields Program: Empowering Cleanup and Encouraging Economic Rede-velopment’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, April 21, Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enter-prises, hearing entitled ‘‘Continued Oversight of the SEC’s Offices and Divisions’’, 9:15 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, April 20, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1150, the ‘‘Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3694, the ‘‘Strat-egy to Oppose Predatory Organ Trafficking Act’’; H.R. 4939, the ‘‘United States-Caribbean Strategic Engage-ment Act of 2016’’; H. Con. Res. 88, reaffirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as the cor-nerstone of United States-Taiwan relations; S. 284, the ‘‘Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18AP6.REC D18APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D389 April 18, 2016 and S. 2143, to provide for the authority for the succes-sors and assigns of the Starr-Camargo Bridge Company to maintain and operate a toll bridge across the Rio Grande near Rio Grande City, Texas, and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, April 20, Full Committee, markup on S. 1890, the ‘‘Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016’’; S. 125, the ‘‘Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program Reauthorization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3380, the ‘‘Transnational Drug Trafficking Act of 2015’’; and a bill to amend the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, April 20, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 1869, the ‘‘Environmental Compliance Cost Transparency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2993, the ‘‘Water Recycling Acceleration Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 4582, the ‘‘Save Our Salmon (SOS) Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. April 20, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing en-titled ‘‘Exploring Current Natural Resource Research Ef-forts and the Future of America’s Land-Grant Colleges and Universities’’, 10:30 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, April 20, Subcommittee on Information Technology, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Federal Cybersecurity Detection, Response, and Mitigation’’, 9:30 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. April 20, Subcommittee on the Interior, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Barriers to Endangered Species Act Delisting, Part I’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. April 21, Subcommittee on the Interior; and Sub-committee on Healthcare, Benefits and Administrative Rules, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Barriers to Endangered Spe-cies Act Delisting, Part II’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, April 20, Subcommittee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of Fusion Energy Science’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, April 20, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Small Business and the Federal Govern-ment: How Cyber-Attacks Threaten Both’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, April 20, Full Committee, markup on General Services Administra-tion Capital Investment and Leasing Program Resolu-tions; a bill to designate the Federal building located at 99 New York Avenue, N.E., in the District of Columbia as the ‘‘Ariel Rios Federal Building’’; H.R. 4937, the ‘‘Protecting our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act of 2016’’; and possible other matters cleared for consideration, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, April 20, Subcommittee on Health, hearing on H.R. 2460, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans; H.R. 3956, the ‘‘VA Health Center Management Stability and Improvement Act’’; H.R. 3974, the ‘‘Grow Our Own Directive: Physi-cian Assistant Employment and Education Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3989, the ‘‘Support Our Military Caregivers Act’’; draft legislation to ensure that each VA medical facility complies with requirements relating to scheduling vet-erans for health care appointments and to improve the uniform application of directives; and draft legislation to direct VA to establish a list of drugs that require an in-creased level of informed consent, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. April 20, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of Veterans Preference in Federal Government Hiring’’, 2:30 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, April 20, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 4923, the ‘‘American Manufac-turing Competitiveness Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: April 20, to hold hearings to examine our complex tax code and the economy, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: April 19, to hold hearings to examine anticipating and pre-venting deadly attacks on European Jewish communities, 1 p.m., 210 Cannon Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18AP6.REC D18APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD390 April 18, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, April 19 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of H.R. 636, Federal Aviation Administration Reauthorization Act, and vote on passage of the bill at 12 noon. Following disposition of H.R. 636, Senate will resume consideration of S. 2012, Energy Policy Modernization Act. After a period of debate, Senate will vote on or in relation to a series of amendments and on passage of the bill. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, April 19 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H. Res. 687— Providing for consideration of H.R. 4885—IRS Over-sight While Eliminating Spending Act of 2016 and H.R. 1206—No Hires for the Delinquent IRS Act. Consider-ation of H. Res. 688—Providing for consideration of H.R. 3724—Ensuring Integrity in the IRS Workforce Act and H.R. 4890—To impose a ban on the payment of bonuses to employees of the Internal Revenue Service until the Secretary of the Treasury develops and imple-ments a comprehensive customer service strategy. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E502 Blackburn, Marsha, Tenn., E503 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E504 Castor, Kathy, Fla., E500, E504 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E501, E504 Cook, Paul, Calif., E503 Costa, Jim, Calif., E504, E505 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E506 Garrett, Scott, N.J., E500 Gowdy, Trey, S.C., E500 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E507, E507 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E505 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E501 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E499, E503 Rooney, Thomas J., Fla., E502 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E506 Smith, Jason, Mo., E503 Young, David, Iowa, E501, E502, E503, E503, E504, E505, E505, E506, E506, E507 Zinke, Ryan K., Mont., E505 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Apr 19, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D18AP6.REC D18APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST