Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5041 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 2016 No. 133 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
ENHAM ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, September 6, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
EFF D
ENHAM to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, O God, for giv-ing us another day. In the wake of a great American holiday, we ask Your special blessing on American workers, those fortunate to have jobs during these difficult economic times and those desiring work. May they know and be confident of the nobility and sa-credness of their labor. As the Members of the people’s House return to the Capitol, call them, as well, with Your gentling voice of collegiality. When a sense of alienation shadows all of our souls, we find our differences difficult to bear; we move away from each other. Insofar as this spirit of alienation has descended upon this House, help each Member to overcome unnecessary divisions that hamper pro-ductive work on behalf of our Nation. Bring them to a deeper level of awareness of Your spirit, and make us one Nation. Give the Members listen-ing hearts, ready and willing to re-spond to Your spirit living in each one. And may all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. FOXX led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESIGNATION FROM THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tion from the House of Representa-tives: 
AUGUST 31, 2016. Speaker P
AULRYAN, The Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN: Pursuant to our phone conversation, I write to officially no-tify you of my intent to resign as Congress-man of the First District of Kentucky, effec-tive Tuesday, September 6, 2016 at 6:00 p.m. I have enjoyed the opportunity of serving with you and my colleagues and wish you the very best as you carry out the great respon-sibilities of the Speaker of the House. I have attached a copy of my letter of res-ignation addressed to the Governor of Ken-tucky, Matt Bevin, dated August 29, 2016. Thank you very much. Respectfully, E
DWHITFIELD , U.S. Congressman, First district of Kentucky. 
AUGUST 29, 2016. Governor M
ATTBEVIN, Frankfort, Kentucky. D
EAR GOVERNOR BEVIN: It has been my honor and privilege to have represented the constituents of the First District of Ken-tucky in the United States Congress for the last almost 22 years. As you know, I did not seek re-election to Congress this year and have now decided to submit my resignation as the Congressman of the First District of Kentucky, effective 6 p.m., Tuesday, September 6, 2016. I have enjoyed serving with you and wish you and your Administration the very best! This the 29th day of August 2016. Respectfully Submitted, EDWHITFIELD , U.S. Congressman, First district of Kentucky. f 
10TH ANNIVERSARY OF HANESBRANDS (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize HanesBrands, a company headquartered in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, with a long history of innovation, product excellence, and brand recognition. Today HanesBrands is celebrating its 10th anniversary as an independent publicly traded com-pany, which is the largest basic apparel company in the world. It sells high-vol-ume, high-quality apparel, and can credit its success to anticipating what the consumer wants and working to meet those needs in value, fit, comfort, and customer service. HanesBrands has been named by Forbes Magazine as one of America’s best large employers and has been hon-ored for workplace practices, commu-nity contributions, environmental achievement, and business ethics. A valued corporate partner in the local community, the company and its em-ployees have volunteered countless hours and have made contributions of more than $35 million to charities over the past decade. It is a pleasure to have this out-standing company in North Carolina’s Fifth District. Congratulations, HanesBrands. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.000 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5042 September 6, 2016 
REMEMBERING PAM CLUTE (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, a leader in the Riverside community, a fitness bug, an award-winning baker, a winner of the Presidential Award of Excel-lence, a remarkable educator, and a person who died too young just a few weeks ago, in her 40 years in the class-room, Pam Clute inspired thousands of students, many of them young women, to pursue careers in math and science. She founded the ALPHA Center at UC Riverside to get students on track to pursue STEM fields in college. At the same time, Pam organized local partnerships, created a fitness class, and shared her infectious energy with everyone around her. In short, she took every opportunity imaginable to support our community. My thoughts are with her husband, Steve, and the rest of her family. Pam Clute was truly an exemplary woman. She will be missed. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF DON SODERQUIST (Mr. WOMACK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of Don Soderquist of Rogers, Arkansas, my neighbor and my friend and one of northwest Arkansas’ most influential leaders, who died July 21 at the age of 82. Mr. Soderquist was the former chief operating officer and vice chairman of Wal-Mart Stores, Incorporated, and he teamed with Walmart founder, Sam Walton, to establish one of the world’s leading companies. Aside from his many achievements in retailing, Mr. Soderquist is also re-membered for his philanthropic en-deavors and the standards of ethical leadership that guided his life as a businessman and became his passion after retirement. This legacy will live on at the Soderquist Leadership Center at John Brown University in Siloam Springs, Arkansas, which Don helped establish in 1998. It wasn’t long ago, Mr. Speaker, that I had the privilege of inviting Mr. Soderquist to this Chamber to hear his longtime friend Benjamin Netanyahu address a joint session of Congress. I will always remember the warm em-brace the Prime Minister gave Don when they met just off the House floor. I join Don’s wife, Jo, and his children— Mark, Wendy, Sandie, and Jeff—the 11 grandchildren, and 1 great-grandchild in celebrating his wonderful life. 
f 
WE MUST ACT ON PUBLIC HEALTH CRISES (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, as my col-leagues and I return to Washington this week, I make a simple request: for this body to take up the public health crises that are facing this Nation. When I am here in Washington, I am sometimes asked by well-meaning peo-ple here on Capitol Hill if the Flint water crisis from my hometown is still going on. Back in Flint, there is no doubt—bottled water, filters, blood tests are still going on all the time. This tragedy in Flint continues. The people I represent back home still can’t go to their tap and get water that is safe to drink, a city of 100,000 people. They are not just people who live in Michigan. They are not just Michiganders. They are Americans, too, and they have a right to have the Federal Government act at their mo-ment of greatest need, at this moment of crisis. Just like aid to Flint, this body needs to act on other crises that are still taking place: the Zika virus, the epidemic of gun violence. People across America have a right to see their Con-gress act when facing these sorts of challenges. I call on my colleagues: Please, let’s do our job and take up aid to these im-portant efforts. f 
OBAMA’S RANSOM PAYMENT (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last month The Augusta Chronicle, August 4, exposed ‘‘The Obama administration . . . has now ap-parently been caught shipping $400 mil-lion in foreign currency to Tehran—co-incidentally at the same time the mullahs released four Americans they’d held hostage. ‘‘Wouldn’t you tend to call that ‘ran-som’?’’ The Wall Street Journal reports: ‘‘The Obama administration secretly organized an airlift of $400 million worth of cash to Iran that coincided with the January release of four Amer-icans detained in Tehran . . . Wooden pallets stacked with euros, Swiss francs and other currencies were flown into Iran on an unmarked cargo plane . . . Iranian press reports have quoted Iranian defense officials describing the cash as a ransom payment.’’ Iran still chants ‘‘death to America, death to Israel’’ with new financing. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Our sympathy to the family of Phyl-lis Schlafly, an American patriot who made a difference for limited govern-ment and expanded freedom. 
f 
IANA TRANSITION (Mrs. BLACKBURN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, it is so exciting to have time to be in our district every day and work, listening to our constituents and hearing what is on their mind. I heard a lot about the lack of broadband expansion in rural America and, likewise, I heard a lot about and many questions arose about what in the world is it that the admin-istration is doing trying to give away the Internet. People couldn’t believe that. Of course, we have heard the admin-istration’s plan to cede control of this, for ICANN to move away from the Commerce Department, and they have assured us: ‘‘Trust us.’’ They have said: ‘‘It is all going to be fine.’’ But now we know they are contemplating and in-volving U.N. control contrary to what had been reported and planned and promised. The Wall Street Journal, in a recent column, August 28, ‘‘An Internet Give-away to the U.N.,’’ said this: ‘‘Authori-tarian regimes have already proposed Icann become part of the U.N. to make it easier for them to censor the inter-net globally.’’ The column also notes: ‘‘an independent review within Icann called the organization ‘simply not credible’’’ in its handling of domain name applications. Think about this: We cannot allow control for Russia or China over U.S. free speech. f 
REMEMBERING PHYLLIS SCHLAFLY (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to reflect on the life and legacy of that relentless patriot Phyllis Schlafly, who died yesterday at the age of 92. We have lost—and Heaven has gained—a great champion of faith, lim-ited constitutional government, and family. Mrs. Schlafly was dedicated first and foremost to God and to her family. She loved this country and fought for the principles and policies she believed we needed. It was these three loves—love of God, family, and country—that fueled her life’s work. Her organization, Eagle Forum, now has around 80,000 members. Though she had many followers devoted to the principles that make America strong, she faced incredible odds and strong op-position in her many political fights. This did not frighten her, and she sim-ply kept moving forward. It was not lost on anyone that this pioneer, this lawyer, this mother of six was a strong and independent woman. Mrs. Schlafly’s dedication to the un-born and leadership in keeping the Re-publican platform pro-life is an inspira-tion to pro-life women and men every-where. May she rest in peace, and may God be with her family and friends as they mourn her loss. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.003 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5043 September 6, 2016 
CONGRATULATING GENE SAUERS (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Mr. Gene Sauers of Savannah, Georgia, profes-sional golfer, major champion, and sur-vivor of Stevens-Johnson syndrome. Mr. Sauers began golfing at 9 years old, turned pro 13 years later, and im-mediately won the Bank of Boston Classic on the PGA tour, beginning his professional career. However, he re-ceived devastating news in 2005, when he was diagnosed with a rare disease known as Stevens-Johnson syndrome. His condition got worse. He stopped playing golf, and his chance of survival reduced to 25 percent. Miraculously, Mr. Sauers fought for survival and picked up his clubs 7 years later. Last month Gene Sauers won his first major championship by winning the U.S. Sen-ior Open at Scioto Country Club in Ohio. I want to congratulate Mr. Sauers on his major championship victory. His story is one of faith, courage, and strength. We are so very proud of him in Savannah, Georgia. 
f 
HILLARY CLINTON ENDANGERED NATIONAL SECURITY (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, here are just the most recent discov-eries in the FBI’s notes from inter-viewing Hillary Clinton: She tried to wipe clean her private email archive only a few weeks after The New York Times disclosed the ex-istence of her private server. Clinton says she did not know the ‘‘C’’ mark meant classified information and did not ‘‘pay attention to different classification levels.’’ Yet she had signed a binding classified information nondisclosure agreement. There were 17,448 work-related emails that Clinton did not turn over to the State Department inspector general, despite claiming she had done so. She sent an email to all State De-partment employees warning them against using personal email addresses. She never sought approval to conduct State Department business on her own private mail server. Despite being personally aware of the risk of cybersecurity threats, she con-tinued to use her own unsecure server, endangering national security. 
f 
b1415 COMMUNICATION FROM THE CHIEF ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CHIEF ADMINISTRA -
TIVE OFFICER , H OUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, August 9, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena for documents, issued by the Circuit Court for Howard Coun-ty, Maryland. After consultation with the Office of Gen-eral Counsel, I have determined that compli-ance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, P
HILKIKO, Chief Administrative Officer. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, August 29, 2016. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena for documents, issued by the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida. After consultation with the Office of Gen-eral Counsel, I have determined that compli-ance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 17 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1601 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
IGELL ) at 4 o’clock and 1 minute p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
GOLD STAR FAMILIES VOICES ACT Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4511) to amend the Veterans’ Oral History Project Act to allow the collec-tion of video and audio recordings of biographical histories by immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces who died as a result of their service during a period of war. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4511 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gold Star Families Voices Act’’. 
SEC. 2. COLLECTION OF VIDEO AND AUDIO RE-CORDINGS OF BIOGRAPHICAL HIS-TORIES BY IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBERS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO DIED AS A RE-SULT OF THEIR SERVICE DURING A PERIOD OF WAR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 3(a) of the Veterans’ Oral History Project Act (20 U.S.C. 2142(a)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) to collect video and audio recordings of— ‘‘(A) personal histories and testimonials of veterans of the Armed Forces who served during a period of war; and ‘‘(B) biographical histories by immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces who became missing in action or died as a result of their service during a period of war;’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3 of the Veterans’ Oral History Project Act (20 U.S.C. 2142) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) D
EFINITION OF IMMEDIATE FAMILY  M
EMBER .—For purposes of subsection (a), the term ‘immediate family member’ means a parent, spouse, sibling, or child.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. H
ARPER ) and the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material in the R
ECORD on the consideration of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4511, the Gold Star Families Voices Act. The Gold Star Families Voices Act expands the Library of Congress’ Vet-erans History Project that was created by Congress in the year 2000. Now in its 16th year, the Veterans History Project carries out the mission to collect, pre-serve, and make accessible America’s war veterans’ accounts of events that occurred during our Nation’s military conflicts. These recordings are publicly available so that we may all benefit from their experience as well as offer future generations a valuable tool to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.004 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5044 September 6, 2016 
learn and better understand the reali-ties of war. Over the years, the Veterans History Project has collected, recorded inter-views, as well as memoirs and original photographs, letters, maps, and other documents noting the historical events from conflicts dating back to World War I to recent conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. In February of this year, the project collected their 100,000 vet-eran account. Currently, Veterans History Project submissions are limited to firsthand veterans’ accounts. Because of this, the project unintentionally does not col-lect accounts and histories of service-members who did not return from ac-tion. Championed by Representative C
HRIS S
MITH of New Jersey’s Fourth District, this bill will make an important up-date, allowing the immediate family members of veterans who died as a re-sult of their wartime service or were missing in action to provide stories on behalf of their relatives. The measure before us was reported unanimously out of the Committee on House Administration and has received the support of American Gold Star Mothers, Inc., a group of mothers who have lost a son or daughter while they served on behalf of their country. Stemming from World War I, the families displayed a flag with a blue star to represent each immediate fam-ily member who was serving in the Armed Forces. Those whose immediate family members died while serving in the war replaced those blue stars with a gold star to honor their loved one’s sacrifice while they were defending our Nation and the cause of freedom. Following World War I, a group of mothers banded together in their grief and formed the American Gold Star Mothers in 1928. Their organization has expanded nationally, and other groups have formed to support Gold Star Fam-ilies and Gold Star Spouses. Our Armed Forces and Nation as a whole recognizes not only the fallen men and women who don the uniform and stand in defense of our democracy and liberty, but together, we also honor the families of those brave men and women who have given so much of themselves to our Nation. It is also fitting that the House con-sider passage of this bill honoring the memory of those fallen during the month of September. While we keep those that serve and have served, as well as their families, in our hearts each and every day, our Nation also an-nually observes the last Sunday of Sep-tember as Gold Star Mothers and Gold Star Families Day. Honoring their sacrifice is just one reason why it is important to update the Veterans History Project to in-clude voices of those fallen through our Gold Star families. Our Gold Star families will be able to tell our Nation about their family member’s individual experiences and path that led them to answer the call to service within our Nation’s military branches. These family members will be able to tell us the stories that their loved ones sent home through a letter or a phone call describing their experi-ences and daily life while serving. So many brave men and women have stood up and responded each time our Nation called, and so many more made the ultimate sacrifice. Preserving the legacies of all those who have contrib-uted to our Nation’s defense is a cor-nerstone of what it means to be an American. As a country, we are contin-ually strengthened because of the leg-acies our servicemembers left behind for future generations. This important addition will only en-hance the Veterans History Project, the Library of Congress’ overall mis-sion, and the countless current and fu-ture individuals who will benefit from access to these cherished memories, as well as our servicemen and -women’s sobering accounts discussing the price of war. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4511, Gold Star Families Voices Act. I would like to thank my friend, Con-gressman C
HRIS SMITH, for his leader-ship on many veterans’ issues and in support of military families, and my friend, Congressman H
ARPER , for his help today in ensuring that we pass this important bill to recognize Gold Star families. Not long after I was sworn into of-fice, I went to a Memorial Day break-fast in Waterbury, Connecticut, home of many veterans. Every year, they have a Gold Star Families breakfast. At that breakfast, I met a number of families, some who lost loved ones 50 years ago and still carry in their hearts every day the pain of that loss. One of the people I met was Joe Nolan. Joe served proudly in Vietnam. His son, a gifted linguist—in 1999, a col-lege graduate—snuck off to a recruit-ing station in Philadelphia and signed up to serve. Remember, this is prior to 9/11. He felt that call, like his father had. He served. Tragically, bravely, he lost his life in the Battle of Fallujah in 2004 defending this country. Joe came to me and said: ‘‘You know, Elizabeth, we have this wonderful pro-gram for Gold Star Mothers, but I am a dad. And I miss my son every day.’’ That is why I joined with colleagues in this Chamber and we reintroduced the Gold Star Fathers Act, which the President signed into law, to recognize that fathers and mothers of sons and daughters bleed and cry when their children are lost. So today we have an opportunity to recognize some of those families. One of them is Mary Kight. Mary Kight, also from Waterbury, Connecticut, is the proud head of the Gold Star Moth-ers organization in Connecticut. Her son, Michael, was a helicopter pilot. He flew a Huey in Vietnam. She was dev-astated when he died, and particularly hurt because it was such a difficult time in the war. She said she felt like her son’s sacrifice meant nothing. Our Nation’s commitment—what we are doing today to recognize her son and give her the opportunity to tell her story—is so important. She has come to embrace the Gold Star Families or-ganization. It has helped her and oth-ers to celebrate the lives of their loved ones. Actually, last year she went up in a Huey. She went up in a Huey, much as she does not like to fly, but she thought about her son Michael, and she was quoted as saying, ‘‘I felt closer to him.’’ He died while trying to evacuate wounded soldiers on the battlefield in Vietnam. Stephen Reich, also another proud son of my district—another helicopter pilot—lost his life in 2005. He was at-tempting to extract a SEAL team and died in Afghanistan. These are only three families of the tens of thousands in this country. Their sacrifice, as much or more than anyone else, deserves to be recorded in the Library of Congress to remind us of the price of freedom, to remind us that we owe them a debt of gratitude. I am sure my friend, Congressman HARPER , like myself, have conducted some of these Veterans History Project interviews. They are really meaningful and they are really important. The his-tory of this country is not only about Presidents and generals and admirals. It is written in the blood of the men and women who served this country, and especially those who never re-turned. So I am delighted today to join with colleagues and urge all my colleagues to join in not only supporting this leg-islation, but to make a commitment to go out and find those Gold Star fami-lies in your district and make sure they have the opportunity to tell their loved one’s story as part of this coun-try’s great history. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH). Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend, Mr. H
ARPER , and Ms. E STYfor their strong support for the bill. Ms. E
STY is one of the cosponsors of the bill. I also want to thank Chairwoman M
ILLER for her leadership and good work in shepherding this important bill through the committee and Rank-ing Member B
RADY for his support of the initiative. I also appreciate the work of the committee staff, including Brad Walvort and Bob Sensenbrenner, and my legislative director, Cate Benedetti, and especially Majority Leader M
CCARTHY and Kelly Dixon for posting the bill for consideration this afternoon. I do rise in strong support and urge my colleagues to support the Gold Star 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.009 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5045 September 6, 2016 
Families Voices Act, legislation de-signed to ensure that immediate fam-ily members of servicemembers who are killed or missing in action or have died as a result of their service partici-pate in the Library of Congress’ Vet-erans History Project. Congress created the project, as Mr. H
ARPER pointed out, to collect and catalog stories of American war vet-erans. We did this in 2000 to help pre-serve their memories so that current and future generations may hear and better appreciate the realities of war and the sacrifices borne by those who served in uniform. The project is designed to turn their memories into our history to memori-alize the lives of heroes whose selfless sacrifice has contributed, and con-tinues to contribute, to our freedom and liberty and our collective under-standing of who we are as a Nation. It has been a great success. In fact, earlier this year, the Library an-nounced that it reached a milestone, with 100,000 veteran stories archived. There are now more than 100,000 testi-monies of veterans who served in mili-tary engagements since World War I in our permanent record. However, conspicuously missing from the rich project’s history are the vet-erans who made the ultimate sacrifice. Currently—which this bill will cor-rect—the project accepts only first-hand accounts of living veterans, unin-tentionally leaving out the men and women who did not return from the battlefield and can no longer speak for themselves. Mr. Speaker, this issue was first brought to my attention by Vietnam veteran Terry Fearon and the New Jer-sey Gold Star Mothers organization. Its president, Judi Tapper, the proud mother of Petty Officer First Class David Tapper, a Navy SEAL who was killed in Afghanistan on August 20, 2003, recently told me: ‘‘Never in his-tory has there been a forum to replace our heroes’ silenced voices.’’ b1615 Enactment of this bill will help change that. It will ensure we record and remember the lives and sacrifices of all who have served by providing family members the opportunity to create a lasting narrative and living record of their fallen loved ones. This bill is endorsed by the national organization known as the American Gold Star Mothers, whose second vice president, Becky Christmas, said: 
The legislation gives our family, our chil-dren, a voice that they no longer have. The Gold Star Families Voices Act will ensure that the experiences and lives of all vet-erans, including our sons and daughters who fought and died for our country, are remem-bered, honored and preserved. 
Mr. Speaker, during my quarter of a century of service on the House Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee, and as we crafted this bill, I have had the great privilege of working with the Gold Star Mothers. They are an incredibly inspir-ing, committed, and dedicated group of women who have worked tirelessly and successfully to bring about meaningful change to better the lives of servicemembers, veterans, and their families. So I urge my colleagues to pass this bill and honor the men and women who gave ‘‘the last full measure of devo-tion’’ in the service of our Nation by allowing their family members to tell their stories, so that all Americans can hear, appreciate, remember, and honor these patriots. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I ask my colleagues—urge them—to pass this bill. It is important that we understand the realities of war. This past weekend, many of us par-ticipated in parades, earlier this year in the Memorial Day parade, later this year in the Veterans Day parade. But war is not just about parades. War is also about sacrifice, and the Gold Star families know that better than anyone else. This bill gives us the opportunity to let Joe Nolan speak for his son, Joe; to let Mary Kight speak for her son, Mi-chael; to let Ray and Sue Reich speak for their son, Stephen; and for tens of thousands of Americans to speak for their sons and daughters, to do what everyone in combat asks us when they come home, or if they do not: Don’t forget us; please, remember. This bill is a way of honoring that re-quest of everyone who wears the uni-form. Make sure that we remember them and that we honor them. I am proud to cosponsor this bill, and I am very grateful to my colleagues for their support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it is indeed an honor to stand here today in support of this leg-islation. The inclusion of these ac-counts from the loved ones of those who have given their lives in service to our Nation will only enrich the Li-brary’s Veterans History Project and our Nation’s narrative memorializing those who have served. The Veterans History Project has provided a wonder-ful opportunity to pay tribute to our Nation’s veterans, ensuring that their actions and legacies live on for many generations to come. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4511, the ‘‘Gold Star Families Voices Act,’’ which allows Gold Star families to submit to the Veterans History Project recordings of biological histories of a service member who was killed in action. Gold Star family members are defined by law as parents, spouses, siblings, or children of members of the Armed Forces who died while serving their country. Current law only allows the personal his-tories and testimonials from veterans them-selves be included in the Veterans History Project archive, which excludes the biog-raphies of veterans who were killed in action during war. Since its passing in 2000, the Veterans His-tory Project has collected the oral history records of over 100,000 veterans who have served in armed conflicts since World War I. Extending the opportunity to participate in the Veterans History Project to Gold Star fami-lies would result in nearly 1,000 new collec-tions for the Project. These veterans sacrificed more than can be imagined in order to protect the freedoms and rights that we take for granted every day. Not only did these veterans miss birthdays, anniversaries, and many other holidays to de-fend the country they loved, but the veterans of these Gold Star families made the ultimate sacrifice by giving what President Lincoln called the ‘‘last full measure of devotion’’ so that their nation might remain free. These brave souls left behind relatives, friends, and loved ones who continue on with memories of the loved and lost to comfort them and, in Lincoln’s words, ‘‘the solemn pride that is theirs in having laid so costly a sacrifice on the altar of freedom.’’ This legislation provides Gold Star families a voice. H.R. 4511 gives Gold Star families the op-portunity to share that pride with the nation by telling the story of their fallen loved ones and in doing so ensure these heroes live on not only in the memories of family members but also in the national memory through the Vet-eran’s History Project. I ask all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 4511, the Gold Star Families Voices Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. HARPER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4511. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SURVIVORS’ BILL OF RIGHTS ACT OF 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5578) to establish certain rights for sexual assault survivors, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5578 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Survivors’ Bill of Rights Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. SEXUAL ASSAULT SURVIVORS’ RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part II of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding after chapter 237 the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 238—SEXUAL ASSAULT SURVIVORS’ RIGHTS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘3772. Sexual assault survivors’ rights. ‘‘§ 3772. Sexual assault survivors’ rights ‘‘(a) R
IGHTS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT SUR-
VIVORS .—In addition to those rights provided 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.010 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5046 September 6, 2016 
in section 3771, a sexual assault survivor has the following rights: ‘‘(1) The right not to be prevented from, or charged for, receiving a medical forensic ex-amination. ‘‘(2) The right to— ‘‘(A) subject to paragraph (3), have a sexual assault evidence collection kit or its pro-bative contents preserved, without charge, for the duration of the maximum applicable statute of limitations or 20 years, whichever is shorter; ‘‘(B) be informed of any result of a sexual assault evidence collection kit, including a DNA profile match, toxicology report, or other information collected as part of a med-ical forensic examination, if such disclosure would not impede or compromise an ongoing investigation; and ‘‘(C) be informed in writing of policies gov-erning the collection and preservation of a sexual assault evidence collection kit. ‘‘(3) The right to— ‘‘(A) upon written request, receive written notification from the appropriate official with custody not later than 60 days before the date of the intended destruction or dis-posal; and ‘‘(B) upon written request, be granted fur-ther preservation of the kit or its probative contents. ‘‘(4) The right to be informed of the rights under this subsection. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—Subsections (b) through (f) of section 3771 shall apply to sex-ual assault survivors. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITION OF SEXUAL ASSAULT .—In this section, the term ‘sexual assault’ means any nonconsensual sexual act proscribed by Federal, tribal, or State law, including when the victim lacks capacity to consent. ‘‘(d) F
UNDING .—This section, other than paragraphs (2)(A) and (3)(B) of subsection (a), shall be carried out using funds made avail-able under section 1402(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Vic-tims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601(d)(3)(A)(i)). No additional funds are au-thorized to be appropriated to carry out this section.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for part II of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘238. Sexual assault survivors’ rights 3772’’. (c) A
MENDMENT TO VICTIMS OF CRIME ACT 
OF1984.—Section 1402(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Vic-tims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601(d)(3)(A)(i)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘section 3771’’ the following: ‘‘or sec-tion 3772, as it relates to direct services,’’. 
SEC. 3. SEXUAL ASSAULT SURVIVORS’ NOTIFICA-TION GRANTS. 
The Victims of Crime Act of 1984 is amend-ed by adding after section 1404E (42 U.S.C. 10603e) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1404F. SEXUAL ASSAULT SURVIVORS’ NOTI-FICATION GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General may make grants as provided in section 1404(c)(1)(A) to States to develop and dis-seminate to entities described in subsection (c)(1) of this section written notice of appli-cable rights and policies for sexual assault survivors. ‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION OF RIGHTS .—Each recipi-ent of a grant awarded under subsection (a) shall make its best effort to ensure that each entity described in subsection (c)(1) provides individuals who identify as a survivor of a sexual assault, and who consent to receiving such information, with written notice of ap-plicable rights and policies regarding— ‘‘(1) the right not to be charged fees for or otherwise prevented from pursuing a sexual assault evidence collection kit; ‘‘(2) the right to have a sexual assault med-ical forensic examination regardless of whether the survivor reports to or cooper-ates with law enforcement; ‘‘(3) the availability of a sexual assault ad-vocate; ‘‘(4) the availability of protective orders and policies related to their enforcement; ‘‘(5) policies regarding the storage, preser-vation, and disposal of sexual assault evi-dence collection kits; ‘‘(6) the process, if any, to request preser-vation of sexual assault evidence collection kits or the probative evidence from such kits; and ‘‘(7) the availability of victim compensa-tion and restitution. ‘‘(c) DISSEMINATION OF WRITTEN NOTICE .— Each recipient of a grant awarded under sub-section (a) shall— ‘‘(1) provide the written notice described in subsection (b) to medical centers, hospitals, forensic examiners, sexual assault service providers, State and local law enforcement agencies, and any other State agency or de-partment reasonably likely to serve sexual assault survivors; and ‘‘(2) make the written notice described in subsection (b) publicly available on the Internet website of the attorney general of the State. ‘‘(d) P
ROVISION TOPROMOTE COMPLIANCE .— The Attorney General may provide such technical assistance and guidance as nec-essary to help recipients meet the require-ments of this section. ‘‘(e) I
NTEGRATION OF SYSTEMS .—Any sys- tem developed and implemented under this section may be integrated with an existing case management system operated by the re-cipient of the grant if the system meets the requirements listed in this section.’’. 
SEC. 4. WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Secretary’’), shall establish a joint working group (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Working Group’’) to develop, co-ordinate, and disseminate best practices re-garding the care and treatment of sexual as-sault survivors and the preservation of foren-sic evidence. (b) C
ONSULTATION WITHSTAKEHOLDERS .— The Working Group shall consult with— (1) stakeholders in law enforcement, pros-ecution, forensic laboratory, counseling, fo-rensic examiner, medical facility, and med-ical provider communities; and (2) representatives of not less than 3 enti-ties with demonstrated expertise in sexual assault prevention, sexual assault advocacy, or representation of sexual assault victims, of which not less than 1 representative shall be a sexual assault victim. (c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Working Group shall be composed of governmental or nongovern-mental agency heads at the discretion of the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary. (d) D
UTIES .—The Working Group shall— (1) develop recommendations for improving the coordination of the dissemination and implementation of best practices and proto-cols regarding the care and treatment of sex-ual assault survivors and the preservation of evidence to hospital administrators, physi-cians, forensic examiners, and other medical associations and leaders in the medical com-munity; (2) encourage, where appropriate, the adop-tion and implementation of best practices and protocols regarding the care and treat-ment of sexual assault survivors and the preservation of evidence among hospital ad-ministrators, physicians, forensic examiners, and other medical associations and leaders in the medical community; (3) develop recommendations to promote the coordination of the dissemination and implementation of best practices regarding the care and treatment of sexual assault sur-vivors and the preservation of evidence to State attorneys general, United States at-torneys, heads of State law enforcement agencies, forensic laboratory directors and managers, and other leaders in the law en-forcement community; (4) develop and implement, where prac-ticable, incentives to encourage the adoption or implementation of best practices regard-ing the care and treatment of sexual assault survivors and the preservation of evidence among State attorneys general, United States attorneys, heads of State law enforce-ment agencies, forensic laboratory directors and managers, and other leaders in the law enforcement community; (5) collect feedback from stakeholders, practitioners, and leadership throughout the Federal and State law enforcement, victim services, forensic science practitioner, and health care communities to inform develop-ment of future best practices or clinical guidelines regarding the care and treatment of sexual assault survivors; and (6) perform other activities, such as activi-ties relating to development, dissemination, outreach, engagement, or training associated with advancing victim-centered care for sex-ual assault survivors. (e) REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Work-ing Group shall submit to the Attorney Gen-eral, the Secretary, and Congress a report containing the findings and recommended actions of the Working Group. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. L
OF-
GREN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 5578, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This summer, the harrowing account of the Stanford rape victim sparked outrage across the United States and around the globe. The survivor’s letter documented in graphic and painstaking detail the complicated, emotional, and overwhelming process facing victims of sexual assault. In her letter, the victim writes: ‘‘The next thing I remember I was in a gurney in a hallway. I had dried blood and bandages on the backs of my hands and elbow. I thought maybe I had fallen and was in an admin office on campus . . . Then, I felt pine needles scratching the back of my neck and started pulling them out of my hair. I thought maybe, the pine needles had fallen from a tree onto my head. My brain was talking my gut into not col-lapsing. Because my gut was saying, help me, help me. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.007 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5047 September 6, 2016 
‘‘I shuffled from room to room with a blanket wrapped around me, pine nee-dles trailing behind me, I left a little pile in every room I sat in. I was asked to sign papers that said ‘Rape Victim’ and I thought something has really happened. My clothes were confiscated and I stood naked while the nurses held a ruler to various abrasions on my body and photographed them. The three of us worked to comb the pine needles out of my hair.’’ The letter goes on to describe the rest of the forensic exam, her feelings about what happened to her, and her day in court. Her vivid and breath-taking account captured the national spotlight. Unfortunately, she is but one of many who have to go through this or-deal, but what is abundantly clear from this account is the trauma and dif-ficulty sexual assault victims face from the moment they are assaulted. The Survivors’ Bill of Rights Act of 2016 makes much-needed additions to Federal law to give victims of sexual assault additional rights in seeking justice and recovering from their expe-riences. These additional rights include the right to not be prevented from access-ing a medical forensic exam, the right not to be charged for that exam, and the right to know about the results of that exam. Furthermore, the bill re-quires that the medical exam be pre-served throughout the length of the statute of limitations. Additionally, the bill requires that the government provide notice to the victim when it in-tends to dispose of the collection kit. I continue to be deeply troubled by the number of untested rape kits that remain in this country, despite the Ju-diciary Committee’s work to increase funding for rape kit testing to reduce this backlog. Nevertheless, these addi-tional rights related to medical exams will ensure that forensic medical kits will, at the very least, be preserved for the length of the statute of limita-tions, and victims will have notice so they can contest the destruction of those kits. This bill also clarifies that, under ex-isting law, the Justice Department may make discretionary grants from the Crime Victims Fund to States to use those grants to notify victims of existing rights under State law. While this bill does much to address the rights of sexual assault victims under Federal law, States have different sets of applicable victims’ rights that are particular to the State. This provision will ensure that victims will know what rights they have in their par-ticular States. I want to thank the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ) for their leadership on this very important piece of legisla-tion. I urge passage of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, September 6, 2016. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : I write in re-gard to H.R. 5578, Survivors’ Bill of Rights Act of 2016, which was recently ordered to be reported by the Committee on the Judiciary. As you are aware, the bill also was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I wanted to notify you that the Committee on Energy and Commerce will forgo action on H.R. 5578 so that it may proceed expedi-tiously to the House floor for consideration. This is done with the understanding that the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or al-tered. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on H.R. 5578 and requests your support when such a request is made. I would appreciate your response con-firming this understanding with respect to H.R. 5578 and ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, F
REDUPTON , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, September 6, 2016. Hon. F
REDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN UPTON : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5578, the ‘‘Sur-vivors’’ Bill of Rights Act of 2016,’’ which the Judiciary Committee ordered reported favor-ably to the House on July 18, 2016, I am most appreciative of your decision to forego formal consideration of H.R. 5578 so that it may proceed to the House floor. I ac-knowledge that although you are waving for-mal consideration of the bill, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions in the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. In addition, I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. Finally, I am pleased to include this letter and your letter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 5578, Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE . Chairman, 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, passing the Survivors’ Bill of Rights Act is an important step in enacting protections and ensuring access to justice for many Americans who are survivors of sexual assault. In May, just this last May, I found myself meeting with Amanda Nguyen, Lara McLeod, and Marisa Ferri and their friends in my office as part of As-sault Awareness Month. They had asked to meet with me, as the senior woman on the Judiciary Committee, and then they told me I was the first actual Member of Congress whom they had been able to meet with. When I did listen to them, this is what I heard: Amanda Nguyen told me about her rape, that every 6 months she was faced with the choice of reliving her past trauma or having the State of Massachusetts destroy essential evi-dence that would assist in the prosecu-tion of her rapist: her medical forensic examination, or rape kit. When Amanda sought information on how to prevent her rape kit from being destroyed, police provided conflicting information. She was even told at one point that the kit would be stored in-definitely, which was not correct. She then had to go back and forth between police and State lab techs trying to lo-cate her kit. And even when she found it and got the extension on storing it, the technicians moved her kit without telling her, and she now has to file an extension every 6 months just to pre-serve the evidence. I listened to Marisa Ferri tell me that she thought her rape would be the most traumatic experience of her life, but what she found out was that even more traumatic, according to her, was the way she was further victimized by the system after being raped. When Marisa went to the hospital to seek medical treatment and requested a fo-rensic exam, she was prevented from doing so until after she spoke with the detective. She asked if the interview could wait until the volunteer from the Rape Cri-sis Center arrived, but was told that she had to be interviewed then if she wanted to press charges. Alone and confused, Marisa underwent nearly hours of questioning by a detective who tried to discourage her from filing a report and blamed her, according to Marisa, for her own rape. Marisa is, unfortunately, not alone in being misinformed about her rights, and being interrogated instead of being allowed the opportunity to undergo a rape kit procedure in an expedient manner and to ensure the maximum ef-fectiveness that the evidence has been collected. Marisa endured 6 weeks of repeated questioning by the detective about her behavior on the night of the rape. At times, she said she felt like she was the one under investigation. Initially, her case was closed without the rape kit being tested. It was only after she filed a formal complaint that the case was reopened more than a year later and the rape kit was tested. Many survivors would have given up on a system that had failed them as much as the system failed her and would not have pursued reopening their closed case. Lara McLeod suffered through fur-ther victimization after sexual assault. She reports that, at 19 years of age, she was raped by her sister’s fiance, but she did not want to report the crime. Instead, her family, who she told about her sexual assault, informed the police, and she was told to go to the station for a formal interview. After a cursory investigation, she re-ports that the police accused her of lying about the rape and arrested her. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:53 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.013 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5048 September 6, 2016 
Her sister was charged with obstruct-ing justice for aiding Lara’s alleged de-ceit. The false charge against Lara and her sister were eventually expunged, but not before damage to reputation and her sister’s savings being spent on dismissing the charges and, worse yet, her sister being denied full custody of her infant son because of the charge against her, which ultimately resulted in this son dying while in the custody of Lara’s rapist. I mention these terrifying stories be-cause that is what this bill is all about. It is also about the power of individ-uals to change the law. After I heard their stories, within 2 hours, I talked to Judiciary Committee Chairman G
OODLATTE on the House floor and told him about these stories. To his credit, Chairman G
OODLATTE  immediately contacted his staff to make sure that we could work together on this bill. Only 2 short months later, the Judiciary Committee unanimously approved this legislation. The House version includes a small improvement on the text passed by the Senate; and it is my hope that, after passage in the House, the Senate will also approve this version so it can be sent to Presi-dent Obama for his signature. I want to thank all the members of the Judiciary Committee for their ac-tion. But even more, I want to thank the courageous victims of rape who formed the group RISE, who did rise and who exerted their power to take control of this situation, who would not accept being victimized but, in-stead, decided to take their trauma and change the law so that other victims will have more power than they had. The congratulations go to them. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1630 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, it is now my great pleasure to yield 4 min-utes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ), the chief sponsor of this legislation and a mem-ber of the Judiciary Committee. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, under current law, basic rights that protect survivors of sexual assault and allow them full access to justice vary greatly between each State and Federal statute. The uneven patchwork of laws across this country and the lack of substantive rights for sexual assault survivors prevent them from having full access to the justice system. Survivors of sexual assault have experienced unspeakable trauma, and they should not face unnecessary barriers to justice. These brave sur-vivors deserve commonsense legal pro-tections and clear procedures that en-sure access to justice. This bipartisan legislation will en-sure that sexual assault survivors in Federal criminal cases have a right to a sexual assault evidence collection kit, a right to be notified in writing be-fore the kit is destroyed, a right to re-quest preservation of the kit, and a right to be informed of important re-sults from a forensic examination. This legislation is so important be-cause it ensures these rights in the Federal criminal justice system and, furthermore, it will set an example for States to adopt similar procedures and practices. Additionally, this legislation will es-tablish a joint working group formed by the Attorney General and the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices on best practices regarding the care and treatment of sexual assault survivors and the preservation of foren-sic evidence. It will also make the Vic-tims of Crimes Act grant funding avail-able for States to disseminate written notice of survivors’ rights. The Senate has unanimously passed these reforms, and now we must do our part to ensure that sexual assault survivors have a fair chance at justice. This legislation, which I have intro-duced with Ms. LOFGREN , has been en-dorsed by Rise; the Rape, Abuse & In-cest National Network, more com-monly known as RAINN; the National Alliance to End Sexual Violence; and the National Center for Victims of Crime, among other groups. I thank these groups, Chairman G
OODLATTE , Ms. L
OFGREN , and all other cosponsors working to advance the Survivors’ Bill of Rights. I remain committed to ensuring that survivors of sexual assault can secure justice, and I look forward to working with my colleagues to advocate for vic-tims of sexual assault and enact sen-sible reforms like this bipartisan bill. I encourage my colleagues to support the Survivors’ Bill of Rights. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to celebrate our action today. I know that Lara McLeod and Marisa Ferri are watching this on C–SPAN. Amanda Nguyen is here in the Chamber. I just want to say to them: You are not weak victims. You are strong and powerful actors who turned tragedy into a triumph, and I commend you and honor you for your work. I thank the gentleman, and I urge all Members to vote for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I just want to thank the gentle-women from California, Mrs. M
IMI W
ALTERS and Ms. L OFGREN , for their hard work, and the women who have spoken out about their own personal experiences with regard to sexual as-saults because without their speaking out, we would not make the kind of progress that we have made in bringing this legislation this far to the floor of the House. I urge my colleagues to support it. It is important legislation to protect women. It is important legislation to protect our judicial process, and it is important legislation to be sure that people are treated with respect and dig-nity as they go through this process. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5578, the ‘‘Survivors’ Bills of Rights Act of 2016.’’ I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of this measure because this critical bill will elimi-nate barriers to the law faced by sexual as-sault survivors. H.R. 5578 is an important bill intended to provide additional legal protections and sup-port to survivors of the horrific crime of sexual assault. An estimated 1 out of every 6 women in the United States will be the victim of a sexual as-sault or attempted sexual assault during their lifetime. All too often, the victims of sexual abuse are children. According to a 2013 Department of Health and Human Services survey on child maltreatment, child protective service agencies estimated that for the period from 2009 through 2013, an average of 63,000 children were victims of sexual abuse each year. Despite these statistics, the United States presently lacks standardized procedures for victims of sexual assault to gain full access to justice. Basic rights and protections for survivors of sexual assault vary from state to state. Moreover, not a single State gives sexual assault victims the right to require that critical forensic evidence in their case—the sexual as-sault evidence collection kit, or rape kit—be retained until the statute of limitations on the crime has expired. As a result, critical evidence can be lost. The Survivors’ Bill of Rights Act will create a federal standard that states can model. For example, Massachusetts has a 15-year statute of limitations on sexual assaults, but untested rape kits are required to be stored only for six months. In another example, the Charlotte-Mecklen-burg Police Department in North Carolina has destroyed more than 1,000 rape kits since 2000. This bipartisan legislation would ensure sex-ual assault survivors in federal criminal cases have certain rights and serve as an example for States to adopt similar practices. This bill will add to the existing rights for the survivors of sexual assault the following: The right to not be prevented from, or charged for, receiving a medical forensic exam; The right to be informed of any result of a sexual assault evidence collection kit; The right to be informed in writing of policies governing the collection and preservation of their rape kit; The right to have that rape kit preserved, without charge, for the statutory limitation pe-riod or 20 years, whichever is shorter; The right to receive written notice, no later than sixty days before the intended date, if the government intends to destroy or dispose of their rape kit before the end of the statutory limitation period; and The right to request, in writing, that their rape kit be preserved, rather than be de-stroyed or disposed of before the expiration of the statutory limitation period. This bill also amends Victims of Crime Act to authorize the Attorney General to make grants for the development and dissemination of written notices of applicable rights and poli-cies for sexual assault survivors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.014 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5049 September 6, 2016 
Crime victim assistance programs that re-ceive such grants will provide the notices to sexual assault survivors, as well as to medical facilities, law enforcement agencies, forensic examiners, sexual assault service providers, and other agencies that come in contact with sexual assault survivors. Finally, this bill would create a working group under the Attorney General, with advice from the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, and participation by representatives of sexual assault prevention, advocacy, or vic-tims groups, to develop best practices regard-ing the care and treatment of sexual assault survivors and the preservation of forensic evi-dence. These changes will allow survivors access to vital medical information, improve commu-nication between law enforcement and sur-vivors, ensure survivors have information nec-essary to monitor aspects of the investigation, and help prevent evidence in their cases being destroyed without their knowledge. This bill expands and strengthens the rights of survivors of sexual assault, and will help ensure that they are fully and timely informed of, and thus able to meaningfully exercise, those rights. For these reasons, I support the Survivors’ Bill of Rights Act. I urge my colleagues to support this bill be-cause this important and necessary measure will help ensure that sexual assault survivors are given full access to the justice system. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5578. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
MAKING TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO UPDATE STATUTORY REF-ERENCES TO TITLE 2, UNITED STATES CODE Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2830) to make technical amendments to update statutory ref-erences to certain provisions classified to title 2, United States Code. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2830 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. TITLE 2, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 701(c) of the Ethics in Govern-ment Act of 1978 (2 U.S.C. 288(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 72a(i))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4301(i))’’. (2) Section 716 of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (2 U.S.C. 288m) is amended by striking ‘‘Act of October 1, 1888 (28 Stat. 546; 2 U.S.C. 68)’’ and inserting ‘‘Act of October 2, 1888 (25 Stat. 546; 2 U.S.C. 6503)’’. (3) Section 201(g) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 601(g)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘Act of October 1, 1888 (28 Stat. 546; 2 U.S.C. 68)’’ and inserting ‘‘Act of October 2, 1888 (25 Stat. 546; 2 U.S.C. 6503)’’. (4) Section 104(a) of the Congressional Op-erations Appropriations Act, 1997 (2 U.S.C. 605(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 111b)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4103)’’. (5) Section 1101(a)(2) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–8, division G, 2 U.S.C. 1824a(a)(2)) is amended as follows: (A) Subparagraph (A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 117)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6516)’’. (B) Subparagraph (B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 117e)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 5540)’’. (C) Subparagraph (C) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 121f)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 2026)’’. (6) Section 104(c) of the Legislative Branch Appropriation Act, 1965 (Public Law 88–454, 2 U.S.C. 1927 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4507(b))’’ after ‘‘section 106(b) of the Legislative Branch Appropriation Act, 1963’’. (7) Section 9A(a) of the Act of July 31, 1946 (2 U.S.C. 1966(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 60–1(b))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4101(b))’’. (8) Section 2(c) of Public Law 96–444 (2 U.S.C. 2025 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 60j)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4507)’’. (9) Section 1(e) of Public Law 110–279 (2 U.S.C. 2051(e)) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (1) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 60q)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4505)’’. (B) Paragraph (2)(A) (matter before clause (i)) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 60q(e))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4505(e))’’. (C) Paragraph (2)(A)(i) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4505)’’ after ‘‘section 210 of that Act’’. (10) Section 312(e) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1992 (2 U.S.C. 2062(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 95b(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 5507(a))’’. (11) Section 316(a) of the Dire Emergency Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Assistance, Food Stamps, Unemployment Compensation Administration, and Other Ur-gent Needs, and Transfers, and Reducing Funds Budgeted for Military Spending Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 2107(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 102a)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4107)’’. (12) Section 411(c) of the Capitol Visitor Center Act of 2008 (2 U.S.C. 2251(c)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 130e)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 2172)’’. (13) Section 412 of the Capitol Visitor Cen-ter Act of 2008 (2 U.S.C. 2252) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 130e)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 2172)’’; and (B) Subsection (b)(1) is amended by— (i) striking ‘‘section 310(b) of the Legisla-tive Branch Appropriations Act, 1990 (2 U.S.C. 130e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 310(b) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1990 (2 U.S.C. 2172(b))’’; and (ii) striking ‘‘section 310(a) of the Legisla-tive Branch Appropriations Act, 1990 (2 U.S.C. 130e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 310(a) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1990 (2 U.S.C. 2172(a))’’. (14) Section 107(b)(4) of the Congressional Operations Appropriations Act, 1996 (Public Law 104–53, title I, 2 U.S.C. 4131 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 123b(g))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4131(g))’’. (15) Section 105(a) of the Congressional Op-erations Appropriations Act, 1996 (Public Law 104–53, title I, 2 U.S.C. 4301 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 72a(b))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4301(b))’’. (16) Section 10(a) of the Congressional Op-erations Appropriations Act, 1999 (2 U.S.C. 4336(a)) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (5) is amended by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4301(i))’’ after ‘‘section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946’’. (B) Paragraph (6) is amended by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4301(j))’’ after ‘‘section 202(j) of such Act’’. (17) Section 146 of the Continuing Appro-priations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–46, 2 U.S.C. 4501 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 610(a) of the Legislative Reorga-nization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 31)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 601(a) of the Legislative Reorga-nization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4501)’’. (18) Section 802 of the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–240, 2 U.S.C. 4501 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 31)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4501)’’. (19) Section 1 of Public Law 111–165 (2 U.S.C. 4501 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 31)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4501)’’. (20) Section 103 of division J of the Omni-bus Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111– 8, 2 U.S.C. 4501 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 31(2))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4501(2))’’. (21) Section 115 of the Continuing Appro-priations Resolution, 2007 (Public Law 109– 289, division B, 2 U.S.C. 4501 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 31)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4501(2))’’. (22) Section 7(a) of the Emergency Unem-ployment Compensation Amendments of 1993 (Public Law 103–6, 2 U.S.C. 4501 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 31(2))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4501(2))’’. (23) Section 106 of the Legislative Branch Appropriation Act, 1963 (2 U.S.C. 4507) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 74b)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6538)’’. (B) Subsection (b)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4571)’’ after ‘‘section 4 of the Federal Pay Comparability Act of 1970’’. (C) Subsection (b)(3)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6538)’’ after ‘‘section 244 of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946’’. (24) Section 310 of the Legislative Branch Appropriation Act, 1979 (2 U.S.C. 4508) is amended by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4507)’’ after ‘‘section 106 of the Legislative Branch Appro-priation Act, 1963’’. (25) Section 107 of the Congressional Oper-ations Appropriation Act, 1984 (2 U.S.C. 4509) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 60j)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4507)’’. (26) Section 107 of the Legislative Branch Appropriation Act, 1977 (2 U.S.C. 4572) is amended by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4571)’’ after ‘‘section 4 of the Federal Pay Comparability Act of 1970’’. (27) Section 105 of the Legislative Branch Appropriation Act, 1968 (2 U.S.C. 4575) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (b) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 60j)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4507)’’. (B) Subsection (d)(1)(B)(ii) is amended by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6314)’’ after ‘‘section 506 of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 1973’’. (C) Subsection (d)(1)(B)(iv) is amended by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6314(b)(2)(A)(iii)’’ after ‘‘section 506(b)(2)(A)(iii) of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 1973’’. (D) Subsection (d)(1)(C)(ii) is amended by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6314)’’ after ‘‘section 506 of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 1973’’. (E) Subsection (d)(1)(C)(iv) is amended by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6314(b)(3))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 506(b)(3) of the Supplemental Appropria-tions Act, 1973’’. (28) Section 10 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2004 (Public Law 108–83, 2 U.S.C. 4575 note) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 61–1(d)(2))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(d)(2))’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.009 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5050 September 6, 2016 
(B) Subsection (d)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 61–1(d)(1)(A))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(d)(1)(A))’’. (29) Section 105 of the Legislative Branch Appropriation Act, 1976 (Public Law 94–59, 2 U.S.C. 4575 note) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(e)(3))’’ after ‘‘section 105(e) of the Legislative Branch Ap-propriation Act, 1968, as amended and modi-fied’’. (B) by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(e)(3))’’ after ‘‘joint committee employees, referred to in clause (A) of section 105(e)(3) of such Act’’; (C) by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(e)(3))’’ after ‘‘two employees of the minority policy com-mittee referred to in clause (A) of section 105(e)(3) of such Act’’; (D) by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(d)(2)(ii)’’ after ‘‘section 105(d)((2)(ii) of such Act’’; (E) by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(f)’’ after ‘‘section 105(f) of such Act’’; (F) by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4571)’’ after ‘‘section 4 of the Federal Pay Comparability Act of 1970’’. (30) Section 4 of the Legislative Branch Ap-propriation Act, 1975 (Public Law 93–371, 2 U.S.C. 4575 note) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(e)(3))’’ after ‘‘section 105(e)(3) of the Legislative Branch Appropriation Act, 1968, as amended and modified’’. (B) by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(d)(2)(ii))’’ after ‘‘section 105(d)(2)(ii) of such Act’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(f))’’ after ‘‘section 105(f) of such Act’’. (31) Section 111(a) of the Congressional Op-erations Appropriation Act, 1978 (Public Law 95–94, title I, 2 U.S.C. 4575 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 61–1(d))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(d))’’. (32) Section 111(d) of the Congressional Op-erations Appropriation Act, 1978 (Public Law 95–94, title I, 2 U.S.C. 4575 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4571)’’ after ‘‘section 4 of the Federal Pay Comparability Act of 1970’’. (33) Subsection (a) of Public Law 95–4 (2 U.S.C. 4575 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(e))’’ after ‘‘section 105(e) of the Legislative Branch Appropriation Act, 1968, as amended and modified’’. (34) Section 114 of the Congressional Oper-ations Appropriation Act, 1978 (2 U.S.C. 4576) is amended by striking ‘‘section 105(d)(2) of the Legislative Appropriations Act of 1968’’ and inserting ‘‘section 105(d)(2) of the Legis-lative Branch Appropriation Act, 1968 (2 U.S.C. 4575(d)(2))’’. (35) Section 102 of the Congressional Oper-ations Appropriations Act, 2002 (2 U.S.C. 4579) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (c)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 61–1(d)(2), (e), or (f))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(d)(2), (e), (f))’’. (B) Subsection (d)(4)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘section 104(c) of the Legislative Appropriation Act, 1977 (2 U.S.C. 60c–2a(c))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 104(c) of the Legisla-tive Branch Appropriation Act, 1977 (2 U.S.C. 6568(c))’’. (C) Subsection (e)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 104a)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4108)’’. (36) Section 1001(c) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–74, division G, 2 U.S.C. 4579 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 60c–5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4579)’’. (37) Section 5(a) of the Congressional Oper-ations Appropriations Act, 1992 (2 U.S.C. 4581(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 61– 1(d)(1))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(d)(1))’’. (38) Section 105 of the Congressional Oper-ations Appropriations Act, 1999 (2 U.S.C. 4713) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 104b)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 5535)’’. (39) Section 492(i) of the Legislative Reor-ganization Act of 1970 (2 U.S.C. 4902(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 88b)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4903)’’. (40) Section 112 of the Congressional Oper-ations Appropriation Act, 1984 (Public Law 98–51, title I, 2 U.S.C. 5142 note) is amended by— (A) inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 5142)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 2 of House Resolution 393, Ninety-fifth Congress, agreed to March 31, 1977, as en-acted into permanent law by section 115 of the Congressional Operations Appropriation Act, 1978’’; and (B) inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 5103)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 473 of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1970’’. (41) Section 109(b) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2005 (2 U.S.C. 5162(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 95b(c))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 5507(c))’’. (42) Section 112(c) of Public Law 97–51 (2 U.S.C. 5303) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 35)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 5302)’’. (43) The 2d paragraph of Public Resolution No. 1 of the 58th Congress, approved Novem-ber 12, 1903 (2 U.S.C. 5308) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 5307)’’ after ‘‘section forty- seven of the Revised Statutes’’. (44) Section 1 of the Act of August 21, 1935 (2 U.S.C. 5324) is amended by striking ‘‘(U.S.C., Supp. V, title 2, sec. 92a)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 5323)’’. (45) Section 714(d) of the Ethics in Govern-ment Act of 1978 (2 U.S.C. 5504) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 118)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 5503)’’. (46) Section 102 of the Congressional Oper-ations Appropriations Act, 1998 (Public Law 105–55, 2 U.S.C. 5507 note) is amended by— (A) striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 123b note)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4131 note)’’; and (B) striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 95b(a))’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 5507(a))’’. (47) Section 109(c) of the Congressional Op-erations Appropriations Act, 1998 (2 U.S.C. 5508) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 95b(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 5507(a))’’. (48) Section 3(b) of Public Law 111–248 (2 U.S.C. 5521 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 84–2)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 5521)’’. (49) Section 106(e)(2) of the House of Rep-resentatives Administrative Reform Tech-nical Corrections Act (2 U.S.C. 5535(e)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 104a)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4108)’’. (50) Section 102 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2003 (2 U.S.C. 5537) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (c) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 95b(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 5507(a))’’. (B) Subsection (e) is amended by striking ‘‘section 103 of the Legislative Branch Appro-priations Act, 2005’’ and inserting ‘‘section 102 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2005 (2 U.S.C. 5538)’’. (51) Section 102(c) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2005 (2 U.S.C. 5538(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 95b(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 5507(a))’’. (52) Section 105 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2005 (2 U.S.C. 5545(c)) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(5) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘of this Act’’ after ‘‘section 103(a)’’. (B) Subsection (c) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 95b(a)); and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 5507(a))’’. (53) Section 106(b) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2004 (2 U.S.C. 5624) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 74d–1 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 5622 et seq.)’’. (54) Section 1(b)(1) of chapter VIII of title I of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 1987 (2 U.S.C. 6136(b)(1)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 31a–2)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6135)’’. (55) Section 195(a) of the Supplemental Ap-propriations Act, 1985 (2 U.S.C. 6157(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 61g–6)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6155)’’. 
(56) Section 105 of the Second Supple-mental Appropriations Act, 1978 (2 U.S.C. 6311) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (b)(2) is amended by— (i) striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 61–1(d))’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(d))’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(d)(1)(B))’’ after ‘‘section 105(d)(1)(B) of such Act’’. (B) Subsection (c) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 58)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6314(e))’’. (C) Subsection (d)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6314)’’ after ‘‘section 506 of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 1973’’. (D) Subsection (d)(2) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6314)’’ after ‘‘section 506 of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 1973’’; (ii) inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6314(c))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 506(c) of such Act’’; and (iii) inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6314)’’ after ‘‘such section 506’’. (57) Section 506(b) of the Supplemental Ap-propriations Act, 1973 (2 U.S.C. 6314(b)) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (2)(A)(ii) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(d))’’ after ‘‘section 105(d) of the Legislative Branch Appropria-tion Act, 1968’’. (B) Paragraph (2)(A)(iv) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(d))’’ after ‘‘section 105(d) of the Legislative Branch Appropria-tion Act, 1968’’. (C) Paragraph (3)(A)(ii) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(d))’’ after ‘‘section 105(d) of the Legislative Branch Appropria-tion Act, 1968’’. (D) Paragraph (3)(A)(iv) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4575(d))’’ after ‘‘section 105(d) of the Legislative Branch Appropria-tion Act, 1968’’. (58) Section 2 of the Congressional Oper-ations Appropriations Act, 1994 (Public Law 103–69, title I, 2 U.S.C. 6314 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 58(b)(3)(A)(iii) and (iv))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6314(b)(3)(A)(iii), (iv))’’. (59) The 7th paragraph under the heading ‘‘
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS ’’ in the Legisla-tive Branch Appropriation Act, 1957, at 91 Stat. 664 (2 U.S.C. 6513) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 58)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6314)’’. (60) Section 4 of the Legislative Branch Ap-propriation Act, 1975 (Public Law 93–371, 2 U.S.C. 6531 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4571)’’ after ‘‘section 4 of the Federal Pay Comparability Act of 1970’’. (61) The paragraph under the heading ‘‘
AD-
MINISTRATIVE PROVISION ’’ in chapter IV of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 1972, at 85 Stat. 635 (2 U.S.C. 6533) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘First Deficiency Act, fiscal year 1936 (44 Stat. 162; 2 U.S.C. 64a)’’ and inserting ‘‘First Deficiency Act, fiscal year 1926 (2 U.S.C. 6532)’’. (62) The 3d paragraph under the heading ‘‘
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS ’’ in the Legisla-tive Branch Appropriation Act, 1973, at 86 Stat. 435 (2 U.S.C. 6566) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4301(i))’’ after ‘‘section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946’’. (63) The last sentence in the 16th paragraph under the heading ‘‘
SENATE .’’ in section 1 of the Act of March 3, 1887, at 24 Stat. 596 (2 U.S.C. 6572), is amended by striking ‘‘section 69 of the Revised Statutes of the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘section 69 of the Re-vised Statutes (2 U.S.C. 4104)’’. (64) Section 6 of the Congressional Oper-ations Appropriations Act, 1990 (Public Law 101–163, title I, 2 U.S.C. 6573 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 46a–1)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6573)’’. (65) Section 1 of the Congressional Oper-ations Appropriations Act, 1995 (Public Law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.020 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5051 September 6, 2016 
103–283, title I, 2 U.S.C. 6576 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 121d(c))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6576(c))’’. (66) Section 1(a) of Public Law 94–226 (2 U.S.C. 6594 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4571)’’ after ‘‘section 4 of the Federal Pay Comparability Act of 1970’’. (67) Section 1 (matter before paragraph (1)) of Public Law 100–123 (2 U.S.C. 6621) is amended by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6621 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘this Act’’. (68) Section 2 of Public Law 100–123 (2 U.S.C. 6622) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (b) is amended by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6621 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘this Act’’. (B) Subsection (e) is amended by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6621 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘this Act’’. (69) Section 3 of Public Law 100–123 (2 U.S.C. 6623) is amended by inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6621 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘this Act’’. 
SEC 2. TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 1101(a)(1) of the Ethics Reform Act of 1989 (Public Law 101–194, 5 U.S.C. 5303 note) is amended as follows: (A) Subparagraph (A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 31(2))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4501(2))’’. (B) Subparagraph (B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 31(2))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4501(2))’’. (C) Subparagraph (C) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 31(2))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4501(2))’’. (2) Section 704(a)(2)(B) of the Ethics Re-form Act of 1989 (Public Law 101–194, 5 U.S.C. 5318 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 31(2))’’ and inserting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 4501(2))’’. (3) Section 5581(1)(iv) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 36a of title 2’’ and inserting ‘‘Chapter I (1st paragraph under the heading ‘Payment of Sums Due Deceased Congressional Per-sonnel’) of the Second Supplemental Appro-priation Act, 1951 (2 U.S.C. 4592)’’. 
SEC 3. TITLE 39, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 5 of the Congressional Operations Appropriations Act, 1995 (Public Law 103–283, title I, 39 U.S.C. 3210 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 58(b)(3)(A)(iii))’’ and in-serting ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 6314(b)(3)(A)(iii))’’. 
SEC 4. TITLE 42, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 303(f)(1)(C) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13212(f)(1)(C)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 57b(a))’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 5341(a))’’. 
SEC 5. TITLE 44, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 725 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 105 of title 2’’ and inserting ‘‘provisions of the Acts of October 19, 1888, July 19, 1897, and June 7, 1924, as set out in 2 U.S.C. 4303’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. L
OF-
GREN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2830, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring be-fore the House H.R. 2830, a bill to make technical amendments to update statu-tory references to certain provisions classified to title 2 of the United States Code. The Office of the Law Revision Coun-sel has an ongoing responsibility under section 285b of title 2 of the United States Code to maintain the United States Code and assist the House Judi-ciary Committee in the revision and codification of Federal statutes. In order to maintain and improve the United States Code, the Office of the Law Revision Counsel must occasion-ally undertake editorial reclassifica-tion projects to reorganize areas of law that have outgrown their original boundaries, or to eliminate organiza-tional units that are no longer effi-cient. The office assures us that the de-cision to transfer provisions in the United States Code is not undertaken lightly. After careful study, the Law Revision Counsel recently identified certain organizational deficiencies in the code that needed to be corrected, and accordingly, undertook the nec-essary changes. The purpose of this bill is to update statutory references to laws classified to title 2 of the United States Code. H.R. 2830 will amend these citations to accurately reflect the new location of the corresponding provisions in the U.S. Code in light of the recent edi-torial reclassification of title 2. I want to thank Ranking Member CONYERS for sponsoring this bill along with me today. Title 2 of the U.S. Code includes all of the laws governing Congress and the legislative branch. The reorganization of title 2 for the purpose of the online version of the code took place on Feb-ruary 1, 2014. Because chapters 3 and 4 of title 2 far outgrew their original boundaries, the Office of Law Revision Counsel reorga-nized these two chapters into 11 new chapters in order to set forth more clearly the provisions related to the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate. No statutory text was altered by the reorganization; the provisions were merely transferred from one place in title 2 to another. As a result of the reclassification, title 2 now better exhibits the laws governing congressional pay and bene-fits, ethics, leadership, and administra-tion, just to name a few. The short-term inconvenience of ad-justing to new code citations is greatly outweighed by the benefit of much- needed long-term improvements in the organizational structure in the United States Code. Further, to eliminate any confusion, the office provides a com-prehensive guide to the old and new code citations on its Web site: uscode.house.gov. With enactment of this legislation, the citations that refer to code sec-tions altered by the reorganization will be updated to reflect the changes made to title 2. For the foregoing reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as the chairman has in-dicated, this bill makes technical amendments to title 2 of the U.S. Code in order to update statutory references and was crafted by the House Office of Law Revision Counsel, which is charged with developing and keeping current the United States Code. This is really an enormous task. On average, Congress passes into law more than 6,900 pages of new public law each year. As that happens, some areas of the law get jammed into the code and become difficult to navigate. So this bill, along with the two that follow, just make it easier to read. It doesn’t make any substantive changes whatso-ever, and I support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man GOODLATTE and Ranking Member C
ONYERS for the work they put in to accomplish this fix. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her assist-ance. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2830. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MAKING TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO UPDATE STATUTORY REF-ERENCES TO TITLE 50, UNITED STATES CODE Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2831) to make technical amendments to update statutory ref-erences to provisions classified to chapters 44, 45, 46, and 47 of title 50, United States Code, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2831 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. TITLE 3, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 3 of Public Law 88–277 (3 U.S.C. 102 note) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (f)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 115(b) of the National Intel-ligence Reform Act of 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3001(c) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(c))’’. (B) Subsection (h)(1)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3342(c) and 5 U.S.C. 1101 note)’’ after ‘‘sections 7601(c) and 8403(b) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Pre-vention Act of 2004’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.021 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5052 September 6, 2016 
SEC. 2. TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 552(a)(3)(E) (matter before clause (i)) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (2) Section 3(c) of Public Law 105–246 (5 U.S.C. 552 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 431)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3141(a))’’. (3) Section 2306 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by— (A) striking ‘‘(61 Stat. 495; 50 U.S.C. 403)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3023)’’; (B) striking ‘‘(63 Stat. 208; 50 U.S.C. 403a and following)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.)’’; and (C) striking ‘‘the Act entitled ‘An Act to provide certain administrative authorities for the National Security Agency, and for other purposes’, approved May 29, 1959 (73 Stat. 63; 50 U.S.C. 402 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘the National Security Agency Act of 1959 (50 U.S.C. 3601 et seq.)’’. (4) Section 5373(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (3) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 403a–403c, 403e–403h, and 403j of title 50; or’’ and inserting ‘‘the Central Intel-ligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.);’’. (B) Paragraph (4) as enacted by section 10702(c)(3)(C) of Public Law 107–171 (relating to section 2(a)(7) of the Commodity Ex-change Act) is renumbered as paragraph (5). (5) Section 5727(f)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 403e(4) of title 50’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4(a)(4) of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3505(a)(4))’’. (6) Section 5948(g)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended as follows: (A) Subparagraph (F) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 10 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 403j)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 8 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3510)’’. (B) Subparagraph (H) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 2 of the Act of May 29, 1959 (Public Law 86–36, as amended, 50 U.S.C. 402 note), relating to the National Security Agency’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 83 of title 10, relating to Civilian Defense Intelligence Em-ployees’’. (7) Section 7342(f)(4)(C) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (8) Section 8312(c)(1)(C) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 421)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3121)’’. (9) Public Law 98–168 (5 U.S.C. 8331 note) is amended as follows: (A) Section 203(a)(2)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement Act of 1964 for Certain Employ-ees (50 U.S.C. 403 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement Act (50 U.S.C. 2001 et seq.)’’. (B) Section 204(a)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘section 211 of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement Act of 1964 for Certain Employees (50 U.S.C. 403 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 211 of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement Act (50 U.S.C. 2021)’’. (C) Section 204(b) is amended by striking ‘‘the second sentence of section 211(a) of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement Act of 1964 for Certain Employees (50 U.S.C. 403 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 211(a)(2) of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement Act (50 U.S.C. 2021(a)(2))’’. (D) Section 205(a)(2)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement Act of 1964 for Certain Employ-ees (50 U.S.C. 403 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement Act (50 U.S.C. 2001 et seq.)’’. (10) Section 301(c)(3) of Public Law 97–253 (5 U.S.C. 8340 note) is amended by striking ‘‘the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1964 for Certain Employees (50 U.S.C. 403 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement Act (50 U.S.C. 2001 et seq.)’’. (11) Section 4(h) of Public Law 98–615 (5 U.S.C. 8341 note) is amended by striking ‘‘the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement Act of 1964 for Certain Employees’’ and inserting ‘‘the Central Intelligence Agency Retire-ment Act (50 U.S.C. 2141)’’. (12) Section 8351(d)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘50 U.S.C. 403–4 note’’ and inserting ‘‘50 U.S.C. 3505 note’’. (13) Section 8432(k)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘50 U.S.C. 403–4 note’’ and inserting ‘‘50 U.S.C. 3505 note’’. (14) Section 9904(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403r)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3518)’’. 
SEC. 3. TITLE 5 APPENDIX, UNITED STATES CODE. 
The Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 App. U.S.C.) is amended as follows: (1) Section 3(d)(3)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (2) Section 8H(a)(1)(D) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3517)’’ after ‘‘section 17 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949’’. (3) Section 8H(g)(2) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3106)’’ after ‘‘section 507 of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (4) Section 8H(g)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003)’’. 
SEC. 4. TITLE 6, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (9) (matter before subpara-graph (A)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(5))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(5))’’. (B) Paragraph (9)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4)))’’. (2) Section 513 of Public Law 109–295 (6 U.S.C. 111 note) is amended by striking ‘‘50 U.S.C. 435b’’ and inserting ‘‘50 U.S.C. 3341’’. (3) Section 201(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121(d)) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Paragraph (1) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 404o)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3056)’’. (B) Paragraph (11)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.)’’. (4) Section 202(d)(1) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 122(d)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4)))’’. (5) Section 204 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124a) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (a) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(5))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(5))’’. (B) Subsection (b) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(5))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(5))’’. (C) Subsection (d)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(5))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(5))’’. (6) Section 502(b)(1) of Public Law 110–53 (6 U.S.C. 124a note) is amended by striking ‘‘Section 3(5) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 401a(5))’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 3(5) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(5))’’. (7) Section 207(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124d(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(5))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(5))’’. (8) Section 208 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124e) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(5))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(5))’’. (9) Section 210(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124g(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(5))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(5)))’’. (10) Section 210D(g) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124k(g)) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (2) (matter before subpara-graph (A)) is amended by— (i) striking ‘‘119(f)(E)’’ and inserting ‘‘119(f)(1)(E)’’; and (ii) striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 404o(f)(E))’’ and in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3056(f)(1)(E))’’. (B) Paragraph (2)(B) is amended by— (i) striking ‘‘119(f)(E)’’ and inserting ‘‘119(f)(1)(E)’’; and (ii) striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 402 et seq.)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3024(f)(1)(B)(iii) and 3056(f)(1)(E))’’. (11) Section 521(d)(1) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321j(d)(1)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 104 of the National Security Act of 1947’’ and inserting ‘‘section 104A of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3036)’’. (12) Section 601(c)(1)(B) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 331(c)(1)(B)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’ after ‘‘section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (13) Section 892(f)(2) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 482(f)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. SEC. 5. TITLE 8, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 101(a)(43)(L) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)(L)) is amended as follows: (A) Clause (ii) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 421)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3121)’’. (B) Clause (iii) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3121)’’ after ‘‘section 601 of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (2) Section 1243(c) of Public Law 110–181 (8 U.S.C. 1157 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (3) Section 154 of Public Law 101–649 (8 U.S.C. 1201 note) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (c)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3508)’’ after ‘‘section 7 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949’’. (B) Subsection (d) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3508)’’ after ‘‘section 7 of the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency Act of 1949’’. (4) Section 2(5) of Public Law 107–173 (8 U.S.C. 1701(5)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (5) Section 201(c)(3)(F) of Public Law 107– 173 (8 U.S.C. 1721(c)(3)(F)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 103(c)(7) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 403–3(c)(7))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 102A(i) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(i))’’. (6) Section 202(b)(5) of Public Law 107–173 (8 U.S.C. 1722(b)(5)) is amended as follows: (A) Subparagraph (A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403–3 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3024 note)’’. (B) Subparagraph (B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403–3 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3024 note)’’. 
SEC. 6. TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 3 (matter before paragraph (1)) of Public Law 99–433 (10 U.S.C. 111 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3002)’’. (2) Section 812 of Public Law 96–342 (10 U.S.C. 1401a note) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1964 for Certain Employees (50 U.S.C. 403 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement Act (50 U.S.C. 2001 et seq.)’’. (B) Subsection (b)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 292 of the Central Intelligence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.022 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5053 September 6, 2016 
Agency Act of 1964 for Certain Employees (50 U.S.C. 403 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 292 of the Central Intelligence Agency Retire-ment Act (50 U.S.C. 2141)’’. (C) Subsection (b)(4) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1964 for Certain Employees (50 U.S.C. 403 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement Act (50 U.S.C. 2001 et seq.)’’. (3) Section 1114(a) of Public Law 111–84 (10 U.S.C. 1601 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘National Se-curity Act of 1947’’. (4) Section 1032(c) of Public Law 107–314 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. 
SEC. 7. TITLE 12, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 1114(a)(5)(C) of Public Law 95–630 (12 U.S.C. 3414(a)(5)(C)) is amended by— (1) inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3106)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 507 of the National Security Act of 1947’’; and (2) striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003)’’. 
SEC. 8. TITLE 15, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 626(h)(2) of Public Law 90–321 (15 U.S.C. 1681u(h)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3106)’’ after ‘‘section 507 of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (2) Section 627(f)(2) of Public Law 90–321 (15 U.S.C. 1681v(f)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 415b)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3106)’’. 
SEC. 9. TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 1510(e) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 436(b)(1))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3162(b)(1))’’. (2) Section 2517(6) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003)’’. (3) Section 3239(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 421)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3121)’’. (4) Section 118(a) of Public Law 109–177 (18 U.S.C. 3511 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 436(b))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3162(b))’’. 
SEC. 10. TITLE 18 APPENDIX, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 13(b) of the Classified Information Procedures Act (18 App. U.S.C.) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3106)’’ after ‘‘section 507 of the National Security Act of 1947’’. 
SEC. 11. TITLE 19, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 201(a)(2)(B) of Public Law 112–208 (19 U.S.C. 2434 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3161 note)’’ after ‘‘national secu-rity information)’’. 
SEC. 12. TITLE 21, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 104(e)(3) of Public Law 108–487 (21 U.S.C. 873 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403–3(d)(1))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3025(d)(1))’’. (2) Section 704(h) of Public Law 105–277 (21 U.S.C. 1703(h)) is amended by— (A) striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401 et seq.)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.)’’; and (B) striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403a et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.)’’. (3) Section 705(a)(2)(A) of Public Law 105– 277 (21 U.S.C. 1704(a)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401 et seq.)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.)’’. 
SEC. 13. TITLE 22, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 4(d)(2) of the Act of December 20, 1945 (22 U.S.C. 287b(d)(2)), is amended as follows: (A) Subparagraph (A)(iv) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 413 et seq.)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.)’’. (B) Subparagraph (B)(iv) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 413 et seq.)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.)’’. (2) Section 1012(a)(2) of the Act of January 27, 1948 (22 U.S.C. 1442a(a)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’ after ‘‘section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (3) Section 481(b)(2) of Public Law 87–195 (22 U.S.C. 2291(b)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3001 note)’’ after ‘‘Executive Order 12333’’. (4) Section 1012(c)(2) of Public Law 103–337 (22 U.S.C. 2291–4(c)(2)) is amended by— (A) striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003)’’; and (B) inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3106)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 507 of that Act’’. (5) Section 502(c) of Public Law 99–83 (22 U.S.C. 2349aa–7(c)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3001 note)’’ after ‘‘Executive Order 12333’’. (6) Section 655(b) of Public Law 87–195 (22 U.S.C. 2415(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘title V of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947’’. (7) Section 1000(a)(7) [div. B, title XI, Sec. 1102(4)] of Public Law 106–113 (22 U.S.C. 2652c note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (8) Section 1607(2) of Public Law 103–160 (22 U.S.C. 2751 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003)’’. (9) Section 101(d) [div. A, title V, Sec. 594(d)] of Public Law 105–277 (22 U.S.C. 2753 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘title V of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (10) Section 36(a)(10) (matter after subpara-graph (B)) of Public Law 90–629 (22 U.S.C. 2776(a)(10)(B) (matter after subparagraph (B))) is amended by striking ‘‘50 U.S.C. 413 et seq.’’ and inserting ‘‘50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.’’. (11) Section 38(g)(1)(A)(x) of Public Law 90– 629 (22 U.S.C. 2778(g)(1)(A)(x)) is amended by striking ‘‘50 U.S.C. 421’’ and inserting ‘‘50 U.S.C. 3121’’. (12) Title XIV of Public Law 106–65 (22 U.S.C. 2778 note) is amended as follows: (A) Section 1411(c) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (B) Section 1412(f) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 413)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091)’’. (13) Section 40(h) of Public Law 90–629 (22 U.S.C. 2780(h)) is amended by striking ‘‘50 U.S.C. 413 et seq.’’ and inserting ‘‘50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.’’. (14) Section 102(b)(2) of Public Law 90–629 (22 U.S.C. 2799aa–1(b)(2)) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subparagraph (D)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘(relating’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.; relating’’ after ‘‘title V of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (B) Subparagraph (G) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(relating’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.; relating’’ after ‘‘title V of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947’’. (15) Section 106(b) of Public Law 99–399 (22 U.S.C. 4805(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3001 note)’’ after ‘‘Executive Order 12333’’. (16) Section 832(c) of Public Law 107–306 (22 U.S.C. 4861 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3106(d))’’ after ‘‘section 507(d) of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (17) Section 3(12) of Public Law 105–292 (22 U.S.C. 6402(12)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 101(i) of the National Security Act of 1947, as added by section 301 of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘section 101(k) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021(k))’’. (18) Section 205(c)(1) of Public Law 111–73 (22 U.S.C. 8425(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 413 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.)’’. (19) Section 101(2)(A) of Public Law 112–158 (22 U.S.C. 8711(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (20) Section 303(b)(1) of Public Law 112–158 (22 U.S.C. 8743(b)(1)) is amended as follows: (A) Subparagraph (D) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘50 U.S.C. 413 et seq.’’ and inserting ‘‘50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.’’. (B) Subparagraph (F)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘50 U.S.C. 413 et seq.’’ and inserting ‘‘50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.’’. SEC. 14. TITLE 26, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 912(1)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 912(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C., sec. 403e)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3505)’’. 
SEC. 15. TITLE 28, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 2002(c)(2) of Public Law 108–458 (28 U.S.C. 532 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403–5b)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3040)’’. (2) Section 501(a) of Public Law 102–183 (28 U.S.C. 532 note) is amended by— (A) striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403j)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3510)’’; and (B) striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 402 (note))’’ and in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3614))’’. 
SEC. 16. TITLE 31, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 311(a)(2) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003)’’. (2) Section 1031(25) of Public Law 106–65 (31 U.S.C. 1113 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 404a)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3043)’’. (3) Section 3003(d)(18) of Public Law 104–66 (31 U.S.C. 1113 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 404a)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3043)’’. (4) Section 8105 of Public Law 103–139 (31 U.S.C. 1343 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3001 note)’’ after ‘‘Executive Order 12333’’. (5) Section 1344(c) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3510(a)(1))’’ after ‘‘section 8(a)(1) of the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency Act of 1949’’. (6) Section 3524 of title 31, United States Code, is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (d)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403j(b))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3510(b))’’. (B) Subsection (e) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403j(b))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3510(b))’’. 
SEC. 17. TITLE 41, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 2304(c)(1) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3001 note)’’ after ‘‘Executive Order 12333’’. (2) Section 4712(f) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (3) Section 8302(b)(4) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003)’’. 
SEC. 18. TITLE 42, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 804(c)(3)(B)(i) of Public Law 110– 53 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–3(c)(3)(B)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401 et seq.)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.)’’. (2) Section 934(k) of Public Law 110–140 (42 U.S.C. 17373(k)) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (2) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403–1(i))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3024(i))’’. (B) Paragraph (3) is amended by striking ‘‘50 U.S.C. 435 note’’ and inserting ‘‘50 U.S.C. 3161 note’’. 
SEC. 19. TITLE 44, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 2(a)(6) of Public Law 102–526 (44 U.S.C. 2107 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3161 note)’’ after ‘‘Executive Order No. 12356’’. (2) Section 3511(b) of title 44, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘operational files as defined by the Central Intelligence Agency Information Act (50 U.S.C. 431 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘operational files as de-fined by section 701(b) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3141(b))’’. 
SEC. 20. TITLE 50, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 1000(a)(7) [div. B, title XI, Sec. 1132(b)] of Public Law 106–113 (50 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.023 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5054 September 6, 2016 
1526(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 413 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.)’’. (2) Section 12 of Public Law 104–172 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘title V of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (3) Section 404(b)(5) of Public Law 110–261 (50 U.S.C. 1801 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3001 note)’’ after ‘‘Executive Order 12333’’. (4) Section 701(b)(5) of Public Law 95–511 (50 U.S.C. 1881(b)(5)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (5) Section 801(7) of Public Law 95–511 (50 U.S.C. 1885(7)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (6) Section 806(a)(3) of Public Law 102–183 (50 U.S.C. 1906(a)(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3106)’’ after ‘‘section 507 of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (7) Section 214(c) of Public Law 94–522 (50 U.S.C. 2001 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 221(a) of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement Act of 1964 for Certain Employees, as amended (78 Stat. 1043; 50 U.S.C. 403 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 221(a) of the Central Intelligence Agency Re-tirement Act (50 U.S.C. 2031(a))’’. (8) Section 201(c) of Public Law 88–643 (50 U.S.C. 2011(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403–3(c)(1))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3024(i))’’ after ‘‘section 102A(i) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947’’. (9) Section 203(e)(2) of Public Law 103–178 (50 U.S.C. 2032 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3516(d))’’ after ‘‘Section 16(d) of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949’’. (10) Section 295 of Public Law 88–643 (50 U.S.C. 2144) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3518)’’ after ‘‘section 18 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949’’. (11) Section 1338(2) of Public Law 107–228 (50 U.S.C. 2357f(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 413 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.)’’. (12) Section 234(d)(2) of Public Law 105–85 (50 U.S.C. 2367(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003)’’. (13) Section 3281(3) of Public Law 106–65 (50 U.S.C. 2471(3)) is amended by— (A) striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401 note)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3001 note)’’; and (B) striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 435 note)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3161 note)’’. (14) Subtitle H of Public Law 108–458 (50 U.S.C. 3001 note) is amended as follows: (A) Section 1091(b) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3025)’’ after ‘‘section 103 of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (B) Section 1092(b) is amended by striking ‘‘as added by section 1021(a) of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘as added by section 1021 of this Act (50 U.S.C. 3056(i))’’. (C) Section 1097(b)(3) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3024)’’ after ‘‘section 102A of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (15) Section 803 of Public Law 108–487 (50 U.S.C. 3001 note) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3023)’’ after ‘‘section 102 of the National Security Act of 1947, as amended by section 1011(a) of the National Security In-telligence Reform Act of 2004’’. (B) Subsection (a)(3) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3023)’’ after ‘‘section 102 of the National Security Act of 1947, as so amend-ed’’. (C) Subsection (b)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3036)’’ after ‘‘section 104A of the National Security Act of 1947, as amend-ed by section 1011(a) of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004’’. (D) Subsection (b)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3036)’’ after ‘‘section 104A of the National Security Act of 1947, as so amended’’. (16) Section 701(a)(3) of Public Law 111–259 (50 U.S.C. 3001 note) is amended by striking ‘‘50 U.S.C. 401 note’’ and inserting ‘‘50 U.S.C. 3001 note’’. (17) Section 1011(2) of Public Law 107–306 (50 U.S.C. 3001 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (18) Section 2(2) of Public Law 112–87 (50 U.S.C. 3003 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (19) Section 2(2) of Public Law 111–259 (50 U.S.C. 3003 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (20) Section 102A of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (m)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403a et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.)’’. (B) Subsection (m)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency Act of 1949’’. (C) Subsection (n)(1) is amended by— (i) striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403a et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.)’’; and (ii) striking ‘‘50 U.S.C. 403j(b)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘50 U.S.C. 3510(b)’’. (D) Subsection (n)(3)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403c(d))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3503(d))’’. (E) Subsection (n)(3)(D) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3503(d))’’ after ‘‘section 3(d) of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949’’. (F) Subsection (n)(4)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403c and 403j(a))’’ and in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3503 and 3510(a))’’. (G) Subsection (n)(4)(I) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403c and 403j(a))’’ and in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3503 and 3510(a))’’. (H) Subsection (t)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘as defined in section 606(1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘as defined in section 605(1) (50 U.S.C. 3126(1))’’. (21) Section 1013(b) of Public Law 108–458 (50 U.S.C. 3024 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(7))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(7))’’. (22) Section 2(2) of Public Law 112–18 (50 U.S.C. 3024 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (23) Section 103 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3025) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (c)(3) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3026)’’ after ‘‘section 103A’’. (B) Subsection (d)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3001 note)’’ after ‘‘section 1091 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004’’. (C) Subsection (e)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (24) Section 103B(c)(1)(C) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3027(c)(1)(C)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3024)’’ after ‘‘section 102A’’. (25) Section 103F(a) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3031(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘(title IX of Public Law 107–306; 50 U.S.C. 402b et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3382)’’. (26) Section 103H(k) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3033(k)) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (3)(A)(ii)(III) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3041)’’ after ‘‘section 106’’. (B) Paragraph (5)(H) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403q(d))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3517(d))’’. (27) Section 103I of the National Security 
Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3034) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (b)(3)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3103)’’ after ‘‘section 506G’’. (B) Subsection (b)(4) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3103)’’ after ‘‘section 506G’’. (C) Subsection (b)(5) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3103)’’ after ‘‘section 506G’’. (D) Subsection (e)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3097(e))’’ after ‘‘section 506A(e)’’. (E) Subsection (e)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3103(f))’’ after ‘‘section 506G(f)’’. (F) Subsection (e)(3) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3099(e))’’ after ‘‘section 506C(e)’’. (28) Section 104(b) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3035(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3036(c))’’ after ‘‘section 104A(c)’’. (29) Section 423(c)(1) of Public Law 111–259 (50 U.S.C. 3037 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3037)’’ after ‘‘section 104B of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (30) Section 105 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3038) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (a) (matter before para-graph (1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3023, 3024)’’ after ‘‘sections 102 and 102A’’. (B) Subsection (b) (matter before para-graph (1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3023, 3024)’’ after ‘‘sections 102 and 102A of this Act’’. (31) Section 1032(b)(1) of Public Law 112–81 (50 U.S.C. 3043 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 404a)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3043)’’. (32) Section 112(c) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3047(c)) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (1) is amended to read: ‘‘(1) impair or otherwise affect the authority of the Director of National Intelligence to pro-tect intelligence sources and methods from unauthorized disclosure pursuant to section 102A(i) of this Act (50 U.S.C. 3024(i)); or’’. (B) Paragraph (2) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘title V of this Act’’. (33) Section 115(c)(1) (matter before sub-paragraph (A)) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3052(c)(1) (matter before subparagraph (A))) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’ after ‘‘section 3(4)’’. (34) Section 118(c) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3055(c)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3106)’’ after ‘‘section 507’’. (35) Section 119 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3056) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (e)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3024(b))’’ after ‘‘section 102A(b)’’. (B) Subsection (e)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3024(b))’’ after ‘‘section 102A(b)’’. (C) Subsection (f)(1)(E) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3024(b))’’ after ‘‘section 102A(b)’’. (36) Section 311(b)(1) of Public Law 108–177 (50 U.S.C. 3072a(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3072)’’ after ‘‘section 302 of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (37) Section 307 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3074) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3023, 3025, 3035, 3038, 3091 et seq., 3121 et seq., and 3141 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘sections 102, 103, 104, 105 and titles V, VI, and VII’’. (38) Section 501 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091) is amended as fol-lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.024 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5055 September 6, 2016 
(A) Subsection (a)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘this title’’. (B) Subsection (a)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘this title’’. (C) Subsection (c) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘this title’’. (D) Subsection (d) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘this title’’. (E) Subsection (f) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3093(e))’’ after ‘‘section 503(e)’’. (39) Section 502(a)(1) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3092(a)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3093(e))’’ after ‘‘section 503(e)’’. (40) Section 405(a) of Public Law 102–88 (50 U.S.C. 3092 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘title V of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (41) Section 503 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (d)(2)(D) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3094)’’ after ‘‘section 504’’. (B) Subsection (e) (matter before para-graph (1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘this title’’. (42) Section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (a)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3093)’’ after ‘‘section 503 of this Act’’. (B) Subsection (c) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3093(e))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 503(e)’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3093)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 503’’. (43) Section 312(d) of Public Law 108–177 (50 U.S.C. 3097 note) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (2) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3097)’’ after ‘‘section 506A of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (B) Paragraph (3) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3097(e))’’ after ‘‘subsection (e) of section 506A of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (44) Section 305(b) of Public Law 111–259 (50 U.S.C. 3098 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3098(b))’’ after ‘‘section 506B(b) of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (45) Section 506C(e)(3) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3099(e)(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3097(e))’’ after ‘‘section 506A(e)’’. (46) Section 322(b) of Public Law 111–259 (50 U.S.C. 3100 note) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (1) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3100(f))’’ after ‘‘subsection (f) of such section 506D of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (B) Paragraph (2)(A) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3100(b))’’ after ‘‘subsection (b) of such section 506D’’. (47) Section 506E of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3101) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (a)(1)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘50 U.S.C. 3102(c))’’ after ‘‘section 506F(c)’’. (B) Subsection (a)(3)(A)(ii) is amended by inserting ‘‘50 U.S.C. 3102(c))’’ after ‘‘section 506F(c)’’. (C) Subsection (a)(5) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3097(e))’’ after ‘‘section 506A(e)’’. (D) Subsection (a)(7) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3097(e))’’ after ‘‘section 506A(e)’’. (E) Subsection (e)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘50 U.S.C. 3102’’ after ‘‘section 506F’’. (F) Subsection (g) (matter before para-graph (1)) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3102(b)(3))’’ after ‘‘section 506F(b)(3)’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3102(b)(2))’’ after ‘‘section 506F(b)(2)’’. (G) Subsection (g)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3102(b)(2))’’ after ‘‘section 506F(b)(2)’’. (H) Subsection (h)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3099)’’ after ‘‘section 506C’’. (48) Section 323(a)(2) of Public Law 111–259 (50 U.S.C. 3101 note) is amended by— (A) striking ‘‘security’’ and inserting ‘‘Se-curity’’; and (B) inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3101(b))’’ after ‘‘subsection (b) of section 506E of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947’’ (as amended by subparagraph (A)). (49) Section 506F of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3102) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (a) (matter before para-graph (1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3101(d))’’ after ‘‘section 506E(d)’’. (B) Subsection (b)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3101)’’ after ‘‘section 506E’’. (C) Subsection (b)(3) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3101(e))’’ after ‘‘section 506E(e)’’. (D) Subsection (f)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3101)’’ after ‘‘section 506E’’. (E) Subsection (f)(2)(A)(i) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3101(f))’’ after ‘‘section 506E(f)’’. (F) Subsection (f)(2)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3101)’’ after ‘‘section 506E’’. (G) Subsection (g) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3101(a))’’ after ‘‘section 506E(a)’’. (50) Section 506G of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3103) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (d)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 506G’’ and inserting ‘‘this sec-tion’’. (B) Subsection (d)(3) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3097(a)(4))’’ after ‘‘section 506A(a)(4)’’. (C) Subsection (e)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3097(e))’’ after ‘‘section 506A(e)’’. (51) Section 325(b) of Public Law 111–259 (50 U.S.C. 3103 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3103(a), (b))’’ after ‘‘subsection (a) and (b) of section 506G of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947’’. (52) Section 367(a)(1)(B) of Public Law 111– 259 (50 U.S.C. 3104 note) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3104(a)(1))’’ after ‘‘section 506H(a)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (53) Section 307(a)(2) of Public Law 112–87 
(50 U.S.C. 3105 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3105(b))’’ after ‘‘section 506I(b) of such Act’’. (54) Section 507 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3106) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (a)(4) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3050(a))’’ after ‘‘section 114(a)’’. (B) Subsection (a)(5) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3055)’’ after ‘‘section 118’’. (55) Section 332(b) of Public Law 111–259 (50 U.S.C. 3107 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3107)’’ after ‘‘section 508 of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (56) Section 602 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3122) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (a) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3121)’’ after ‘‘section 601’’. (B) Subsection (b)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3121)’’ after ‘‘section 601’’. (C) Subsection (c) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3121)’’ after ‘‘section 601’’. (D) Subsection (d) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3121)’’ after ‘‘section 601’’. (57) Section 603 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3124) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3121)’’ after ‘‘section 601’’. (58) Section 605(5) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3126(5)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’ after ‘‘section 3(4)’’. (59) Section 501(b) of Public Law 106–120 (50 U.S.C. 3142 note) is amended by— (A) striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 431(a))’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3141(a))’’; and (B) striking ‘‘section 105B of the National Security Act of 1947’’ and inserting ‘‘section 702 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3142)’’. (60) Section 801(a)(3) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3161(a)(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3162)’’ after ‘‘section 802 of this title’’. (61) Section 305(c) of Public Law 106–120 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3161(a)(3))’’ after ‘‘section 801(a)(3) of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (62) Title VII of Public Law 106–567 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note) is amended as follows: (A) Section 704(a)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (B) Section 705(c) is amended by striking ‘‘section 103(c)(6) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 403–3(c)(6))’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 102A(i) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(i))’’. (63) Section 901 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3171) is amended by— (A) inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3174)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 904’’; (B) inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3173)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 903’’; and (C) inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3172)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 902’’. (64) Section 902 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3172) is amended by— (A) inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3173)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 903’’; (B) inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3171)’’ after ‘‘ac-tions pursuant to section 901’’; and (C) inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3171)’’ after ‘‘stay pursuant to section 901’’. (65) Section 903 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3173) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3171, 3172)’’ after ‘‘sections 901 and 902’’. (66) Section 904 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3174) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3171, 3172)’’ after ‘‘sections 901 and 902’’. (67) Section 1013(a) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3203(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3201)’’ after ‘‘section 1011’’. (68) Section 1014 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3204) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (b) (matter before para-graph (1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3202, 3203)’’ after ‘‘sections 1012 and 1013’’. (B) Subsection (b)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3203)’’ after ‘‘section 1013’’. (C) Subsection (b)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3203(f))’’ after ‘‘section 1013(f)’’. (69) Section 1015(1) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3205(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 3(4)’’. (70) Section 1023 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3223) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 402 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3614)’’. (71) Section 1102(c) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3232(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘50 U.S.C. 435 note’’ and insert-ing ‘‘50 U.S.C. 3161 note’’. (72) Section 8131(b) of Public Law 103–335 (50 U.S.C. 3303(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (73) Section 604(2) of Public Law 103–359 (50 U.S.C. 3304 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (74) Section 601(d) of Public Law 110–53 (50 U.S.C. 3306(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.025 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5056 September 6, 2016 
U.S.C. 401a(6))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(6))’’. (75) Section 1079(c)(1) of Public Law 110–181 (50 U.S.C. 3307(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (76) Section 348(a)(3)(B) of Public Law 111– 259 (50 U.S.C. 3308(a)(3)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401 et seq.)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.)’’. (77) Section 313(c) of Public Law 106–120 (50 U.S.C. 3325(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (78) Section 403(b) of Public Law 102–183 (50 U.S.C. 3329(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (79) Section 306(a) (matter before para-graph (1)) of Public Law 112–277 (50 U.S.C. 3341 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 435b(d))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3341(d))’’. (80) Section 3002(c)(4)(B)(iii) of Public Law 108–458 (50 U.S.C. 3343(c)(4)(B)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003)’’. (81) Section 7 of Public Law 111–258 (50 U.S.C. 3344) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a) (matter before para-graph (1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3161 note)’’ after ‘‘Executive Order 13526’’. (B) Subsection (a)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403–1(g)(1))’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3024(g)(1))’’. (82) Section 3(1) of Public Law 111–258 (50 U.S.C. 3344 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3161 note)’’ after ‘‘Executive Order No. 13526’’. (83) Section 1152(g)(1)(B)(iii) of Public Law 103–160 (50 U.S.C. 3348(g)(1)(B)(iii)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003(4))’’. (84) Section 343 of Public Law 107–306 (50 U.S.C. 3363) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (c) is amended by striking ‘‘section 103(c)(7) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 403–3(c)(7))’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 102A(i) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(i))’’. (B) Subsection (d)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 103(c)(7) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947’’ and inserting ‘‘section 102A(i) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(i))’’. (85) Section 1019(a) of Public Law 108–458 (50 U.S.C. 3364(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3024(h))’’ after ‘‘section 102A(h) of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (86) Section 203(d)(1) of Public Law 107–56 (50 U.S.C. 3365(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 401a)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3003)’’. (87) Section 402(b) of Public Law 111–259 (50 U.S.C. 3366) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403–1(d)(2))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3024(d)(2))’’. (88) Section 811(b) of Public Law 103–359 (50 U.S.C. 3381(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3382)’’ after ‘‘section 902 of the Coun-terintelligence Enhancement Act of 2002’’. (89) Section 902(c) of Public Law 107–306 (50 U.S.C. 3382(c))3 is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (2) is amended by striking ‘‘50 U.S.C. 402a’’ and inserting ‘‘50 U.S.C. 3381’’. (B) Paragraph (3) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3383)’’ after ‘‘section 904’’. (C) Paragraph (4) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3383)’’ after ‘‘section 904’’. (90) Section 904(g) of Public Law 107–306 (50 U.S.C. 3383(g)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 431)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3141)’’. (91) Section 5(a)(1) of the Central Intel-ligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3506(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403–4a).’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3036)’’. (92) Section 6 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3507) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3024(i))’’ after ‘‘section 102A(i) of the National Security Act of 1947’’. (93) Section 506 of Public Law 99–569 (50 U.S.C. 3510b) is amended by— (A) striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403j)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3510)’’; (B) striking ‘‘National Security Act of 1959’’ and inserting ‘‘National Security Agen-cy Act of 1959’’; and (C) striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 402 note)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3614)’’. (94) Section 15(d)(1) (matter before sub-paragraph (A)) of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3515(d)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3506(a)(4))’’ after ‘‘section 5(a)(4)’’. (95) Section 17(d)(4) of the Central Intel-ligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(d)(4)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Title V of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947’’. (96) Section 306 of Public Law 101–193 (50 U.S.C. 3518a) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3518)’’ after ‘‘section 18 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949’’. (97) Section 813(b) of Public Law 104–293 (50 U.S.C. 3520 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3520)’’ after ‘‘section 20 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949’’. (98) Section 9(b)(3) of the National Security Agency Act of 1959 (50 U.S.C. 3607(b)(3)) is amended by— (A) striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 403 note)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 2153)’’; and (B) inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3518)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 18 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949’’. (99) Section 721(l)(2)(B) of the Act of Sep-tember 8, 1950 (50 App. U.S.C. 2170(l)(2)(B)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘National Security Act of 1947’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. L
OF-
GREN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2831, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring be-fore the House H.R. 2831, a bill to make technical amendments to update statu-tory references to provisions classified to chapters 44 through 47 of title 50, United States Code. As I previously stated, the Office of Law Revision Counsel must occasion-ally undertake editorial reclassifica-tion projects to reorganize areas of law that have outgrown their original boundaries or to eliminate organiza-tional units that are no longer effi-cient. H.R. 2831 reflects yet another of the office’s editorial reclassification ef-forts, and I thank Ranking Member C
ONYERS for cosponsoring this bill as well. H.R. 2831 will update statutory ref-erences to provisions classified to title 50. The Office of Law Revision Counsel has prepared this bill and submitted it to the committee as part of the office’s ongoing responsibility to maintain the code and assist the committee in the revision and codification of Federal statutes. In May of 2013, title 50 was edi-torially reorganized to set forth more clearly the provisions of the National Security Act of 1947, the Central Intel-ligence Agency Act of 1949, the Na-tional Security Agency Act of 1959, and certain other related statutes. No stat-utory text was altered in the reorga-nization; the provisions were merely transferred from one place to another in title 50. The change was necessary to improve the organizational structure of the material in the United States Code. The technical amendments made by H.R. 2831 update United States Code ci-tations to reflect the new code cita-tions for the provisions. Further, to eliminate any confusion, the Office of Law Revision Counsel provides a com-prehensive guide to the old and new code citations for this title on its Web site: uscode.house.gov. H.R. 2831 is an important bill because it helps ensure that our laws are up to date and accurately reflect the loca-tion of statutory text in the United States Code. For these reasons, I urge my col-leagues to support this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as with the preceding bill, this was drafted by the Office of Law Revision Counsel, and as the chairman has said, it is intended to make the statutes clearer. b1645 It doesn’t make any change in sub-stantive law. It creates a new chapter 44, entitled, ‘‘National Security,’’ which consists primarily of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947; a new chap-ter 45, entitled, ‘‘Miscellaneous Intel-ligence Authorities,’’ consisting pri-marily of related provisions from 16 different statutes; a new chapter 46, en-titled, ‘‘Central Intelligence Agency,’’ primarily made up of the Central Intel-ligence Agency Act of 1949; and a new chapter 47, entitled, ‘‘National Secu-rity Agency,’’ which consists of the Na-tional Security Agency Act of 1959. It makes some technical amend-ments, but, as I said earlier, it makes no substantive change whatsoever. This will make it easier for the public, for lawyers, and for researchers to know what the law is. I urge its passage. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.027 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5057 September 6, 2016 
GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2831, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MAKING TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO UPDATE STATUTORY REF-ERENCES TO TITLE 52, UNITED STATES CODE Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2832) to make technical amendments to update statutory ref-erences to certain provisions classified to title 52, United States Code, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2832 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. TITLE 2, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 26(b) of the Revised Statutes (2 U.S.C. 8(b)) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph 5(A) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act’’. (B) Paragraph 5(B) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act’’. (C) Paragraph 7(A) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.)’’. (D) Paragraph 7(B) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ee et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20101 et seq.)’’. (E) Paragraph 7(C) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ff et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.)’’. (F) Paragraph 7(D) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20501 et seq.)’’. (G) Paragraph 7(G) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 15301 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20901 et seq.)’’. (2) Section 311(d)(1) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1991 (2 U.S.C. 503(d)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101)’’ after ‘‘section 301 of the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971’’. (3) Section 5(d) of the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1604(d)) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (1)(E) (matter after clause (iv)) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 434)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104)’’. (B) Paragraph (2) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(i)(8)(B))’’ after ‘‘section 304(i)(8)(B) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (4) Section 506(e) of the Supplemental Ap-propriations Act, 1973 (2 U.S.C. 6314(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 301(b) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’ and inserting ‘‘section 301(2) of the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30101(2))’’. (5) Section 504 of the Supplemental Appro-priations Act, 1973 (2 U.S.C. 6565) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (6) The 3rd paragraph under the heading ‘‘
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS ’’ in the Legisla-tive Branch Appropriation Act, 1973, at 86 Stat. 435 (2 U.S.C. 6566) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘duties under the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (7) Section 7(a) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2008 (2 U.S.C. 6633(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 431)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101)’’. SEC 2. TITLE 3, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 3(h)(3)(B) of the Presidential Tran-sition Act of 1963 (Public Law 88–277, 3 U.S.C. 102 note) is amended as follows: (A) Clause (i)(I) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 431(8)))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(8)))’’. (B) Clause (ii) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 431(9)))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(9)))’’. 
SEC 3. TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 7323(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended as follows: (A) Subparagraph (A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 441a(a)(4)))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30116(a)(4)))’’. (B) Subparagraph (C) is amended by— (i) striking ‘‘to the multicandidate polit-ical committee (as defined under section 315(a)(4) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (2 U.S.C. 441a(a)(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘to the multicandidate political committee (as defined under section 315(a)(4) of the Fed-eral Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30116(a)(4))’’; and (ii) striking ‘‘had a multicandidate polit-ical committee (as defined under section 315(a)(4) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (2 U.S.C. 441a(a)(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘had a multicandidate political committee (as defined under section 315(a)(4) of the Fed-eral Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30116(a)(4))’’. 
SEC. 4. TITLE 5 APPENDIX, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 812(b) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C. App. 8G note) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20923)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 203’’. (2) Section 101(c) of the Ethics in Govern-ment Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by striking ‘‘section 301 of the Federal Cam-paign Act of 1971’’ and inserting ‘‘section 301 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30101)’’. (3) Section 103(i)(1) of the Ethics in Govern-ment Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by striking ‘‘section 316(a) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’ and inserting ‘‘section 312(a) of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30113(a))’’. (4) Section 109(15)(C) of the Ethics in Gov-ernment Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 434)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104)’’. 
SEC 5. TITLE 6, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 601(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 331(d)) is amended by— (A) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(20)(A)(i), (ii))’’ after ‘‘section 301(20)(A) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’; and (B) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30125(e)(1))’’ after ‘‘section 323(e) of such Act’’. 
SEC 6. TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 1566 of title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (b)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ff et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.)’’. (B) Subsection (e) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ff et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.)’’. (C) Subsection (i)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Uni-formed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Vot-ing Act’’. (2) Section 1566a of title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ff)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301)’’. (B) Subsection (a)(4) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ff et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.)’’. (C) Subsection (e) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg–5(a)(2))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20506(a)(2))’’. (D) Subsection (g)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ff–6(1))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20310(1))’’. (E) Subsection (g)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ff–6(3))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20310(3))’’. (F) Subsection (g)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ff(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301(a))’’. (3) Section 2335 of title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (c)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 431 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101 et seq.)’’. (B) Subsection (d)(3) is amended by strik-ing (2 U.S.C. 431 et seq.)’’ and inserting (52 U.S.C. 30101 et seq.)’’. SEC 7. TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 602(a)(4) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(8))’’ after ‘‘section 301(8) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (2) Section 603 of title 18, United States Code, is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(8))’’ after ‘‘section 301(8) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (B) Subsection (b) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30102(e)(1))’’ after ‘‘section 302(e)(1) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (3) Section 607(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30102(e))’’ after ‘‘section 302(e) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (4) Section 608 of title 18, United States Code, is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act’’. (B) Subsection (b) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act’’. (5) Section 2 of the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act of 2003 (18 U.S.C. 1531 note) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (9) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10303(e))’’ after ‘‘section 4(e) of the Voting Rights Act of 1965’’. (B) Paragraph (10) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973c)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10304)’’. 
SEC 8. TITLE 20, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 428L(b)(1)(A)(ii)(VII) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1078– 12(b)(1)(A)(ii)(VII)) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 15461)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21061)’’. (2) Section 487(a)(23) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1094(a)(23)) is amended as follows: (A) Subparagraph (A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg–2(b))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20503(b))’’. (B) Subparagraph (C) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 431(3))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(3))’’. 
SEC 9. TITLE 22, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 304(b)(2) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3944(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 431(8))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(8))’’. 
SEC 10. TITLE 26, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 302(b)(1) of Public Law 95–502 (26 U.S.C. 527 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 301(e) and (f) of the Fed-eral Election Campaign Act of 1971; 2 U.S.C. 431(f))’’ and inserting ‘‘(as defined in section 301(8) and (9) of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971; 52 U.S.C. 30101(8), (9))’’. (2) Section 4 of Public Law 107–276 (26 U.S.C. 527 note) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.021 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5058 September 6, 2016 
(B) Subsection (b) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (3) Section 6033(g)(3) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 6033(g)(3)) is amended as follows: (A) Subparagraph (C) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(6))’’ after ‘‘section 301(6) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (B) Subparagraph (D) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘52 U.S.C. 30101(14))’’ after ‘‘section 301(14) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (C) Subparagraph (F) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(4))’’ after ‘‘section 301(4) of such Act’’. (4) Section 9002(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 9002(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30106(a)(1))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 306(a)(1) of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971’’. (5) Section 9004(a)(1) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 9004(a)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30116(b)(1)(B))’’ after ‘‘section 315(b)(1)(B) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (6) Section 9008 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 9008) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (b)(5) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30116(b), (d))’’ after ‘‘section 315(b) and section 315(d) of the Fed-eral Election Campaign Act of 1971’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30116(c))’’ after ‘‘section 315(c) of such Act’’. (B) Subsection (g) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30103(b))’’ after ‘‘section 303(b) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (7) Section 9032(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 9032(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30106(a)(1))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 306(a)(1) of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971’’. (8) Section 9034(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 9034(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30116(b)(1)(A))’’ after ‘‘section 315(b)(1)(A) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (9) Section 9035(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 9035(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30116(b)(1)(A))’’ after ‘‘section 315(b)(1)(A) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. 
SEC 11. TITLE 28, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 1869(c) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Voting Rights Act of 1965’’. 
SEC 12. TITLE 29, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 2(a)(8) of the Assistive Technology Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 3001(a)(8)) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 15301 et seq.)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20901 et seq.)’’. 
SEC 13. TITLE 31, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 1031(14) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (Pub-lic Law 106–65, 31 U.S.C. 1113 note) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ff(b)(6))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301(b)(6))’’. 
SEC 14. TITLE 36, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 510(c) of title 36, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 441e(b)))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30121(b)))’’. 
SEC 15. TITLE 39, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 3406(a) (matter before para-graph (1)) of title 39, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Uniformed and Overseas Citi-zens Absentee Voting Act’’. (2) Section 3629 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20501 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘National Voter Reg-istration Act of 1993’’. SEC 16. TITLE 42, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 205(r)(8)(A) (matter before clause (i)) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 405(r)(8)(A) (matter before clause (i)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20901 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Help America Vote Act of 2002’’. (2) Section 403(a) of the Domestic Volun-teer Service Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 5043(a)) is amended by— (A) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(1))’’ after ‘‘section 301(1) of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971 (Public Law 92–225)’’; and (B) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(3))’’ after ‘‘section 301(3) of such Act’’. 
SEC 17. TITLE 47, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 315(b)(2)(F) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 315(b)(2)(F)) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 431)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101)’’. 
SEC 18. TITLE 48, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 1(5) of Public Law 108–376 (48 U.S.C. 1732 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act’’. 
SEC 19. TITLE 50, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 705 of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C.) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a) (matter before para-graph (1)) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 431)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101)’’. (B) Subsection (b) (matter before para-graph (1)) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 431)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101)’’. 
SEC 20. TITLE 52, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(1) Section 2004(a)(2)(C) of the Revised Statutes (52 U.S.C. 10101(a)(2)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1974–74e; 74 Stat. 88)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20701 et seq.)’’. (2) Section 2(a) of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10301(a)) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10303(f)(2))’’ after ‘‘section 4(f)(2)’’. (3) Section 2(b) of the Fannie Lou Hamer, Rosa Parks, Coretta Scott King, Ce ´sar E. Cha´vez, Barbara C. Jordan, William C. Vela´squez, and Dr. Hector P. Garcia Voting Rights Act Reauthorization and Amend-ments Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–246, 52 U.S.C. 10301 note) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (1) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Voting Rights Act of 1965’’. (B) Paragraph (4)(A) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10304)’’ after ‘‘section 5’’. (C) Paragraph (4)(C) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10301)’’ after ‘‘section 2’’. (D) Paragraph (4)(D) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10303(e), (f)(4), 10503)’’ after ‘‘sections 4(e), 4(f)(4), and 203 of such Act’’. (E) Paragraph (6) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10304)’’ after ‘‘section 5 of such Act’’. (4) Section 208 of Public Law 94–73 (52 U.S.C. 10301 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Voting Rights Act of 1965’’. (5) Section 3 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10302) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10303(f)(2))’’ after ‘‘section 4(f)(2)’’. (B) Subsection (b) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10303(f)(2))’’ after ‘‘section 4(f)(2)’’. (C) Subsection (c) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10303(f)(2))’’ after ‘‘section 4(f)(2)’’. (6) Section 4 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10303) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(1)(D) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10304)’’ after ‘‘section 5 of this Act’’. (B) The second paragraph of subsection (b) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10305, 10309)’’ after ‘‘section 8 or section 13’’. (C) Subsection (d) is amended by striking ‘‘section 4(f)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)(2)’’. (7) Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10304) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10303(a))’’ after ‘‘Whenever a State or political subdivision with respect to which the prohibitions set forth in section 4(a)’’; (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10303(b))’’ after ‘‘based upon determinations made under the first sentence of section 4(b)’’; and (iii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10303(f)(2))’’ after ‘‘section 4(f)(2)’’. (B) Subsection (b) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10303(f)(2))’’ after ‘‘section 4(f)(2)’’. (8) Section 8 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10305) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10302(a))’’ after ‘‘section 3(a)’’. (B) Subsection (a)(2) (matter before sub-paragraph (A)) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10303(b))’’ after ‘‘section 4(b)’’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10303(a))’’ after ‘‘section 4(a)’’. (C) Subsection (a)(2)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10303(f)(2))’’ after ‘‘section 4(f)(2)’’. (D) Subsection (e) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10302(a))’’ after ‘‘section 3(a)’’. (9) Section 11 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10307) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (b) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10302(a), 42 U.S.C. 1973d, 52 U.S.C. 10305, 42 U.S.C. 1973g, 52 U.S.C. 10306, 10308(e))’’ after ‘‘section 3(a), 6, 8, 9, 10, or 12(e)’’. (B) Subsection (e)(3) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10502)’’ after ‘‘section 202 of this Act’’. (10) Section 12 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10308) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10301, 10302, 10303, 10304, 10306)’’ after ‘‘section 2, 3, 4, 5, or 10’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10307(a))’’ after ‘‘section 11(a)’’. (B) Subsection (c) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10301, 10302, 10303, 10304, 10306, 10307(a))’’ after ‘‘section 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, or 11(a)’’. (C) Subsection (d) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10301, 10302, 10303, 10304, 42 U.S.C. 1973e, 52 U.S.C. 10306, 10307)’’ after ‘‘section 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 10, 11’’. (11) Section 13(a) of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10309(a)) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Paragraph (1) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10305)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 8’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10303(f)(2))’’ after ‘‘section 4(f)(2)’’. (B) Paragraph (2) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10302(a))’’ after ‘‘section 3(a)’’. (12) Section 14 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10310) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (b) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10303, 10304)’’ after ‘‘section 4 or section 5’’. (B) Subsection (d) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10303, 10304)’’ after ‘‘section 4 or section 5 of this Act’’. (13) Section 202(i) of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10502(i)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10307(c))’’ after ‘‘section 11(c)’’. (14) Section 204 of the Voting Rights Act of 
1965 (52 U.S.C. 10504) is amended by— (A) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10501)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 201’’; and (B) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10502, 10503)’’ after ‘‘section 202, or 203’’. (15) Section 205 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10505) is amended by inserting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.011 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5059 September 6, 2016 
‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10501, 10502, 10503)’’ after ‘‘section 201, 202, or 203’’. (16) Section 207(a) of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10507(a)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10303(a))’’ after ‘‘section 4(a) of the Voting Rights Act of 1965’’. (17) Section 5(c) of the Voting Accessibility for the Elderly and Handicapped Act (52 U.S.C. 20104(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973aa–6)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10508)’’. (18) Section 7 of the Voting Accessibility for the Elderly and Handicapped Act (52 U.S.C. 20106) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.)’’. (19) Section 101 of the Uniformed and Over-seas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (52 U.S.C. 20301) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (b)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20302(a)(4))’’ after ‘‘section 102(a)(4)’’. (B) Subsection (b)(3) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20303)’’ after ‘‘section 103’’. (C) Subsection (b)(8) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20304)’’ after ‘‘section 103A’’. (D) Subsection (b)(10) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20305)’’ after ‘‘section 103B’’. (E) Subsection (b)(11)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20302(c))’’ after ‘‘section 102(c)’’. (F) Subsection (c)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20303)’’ after ‘‘section 103’’. (20) Section 1601(b)(2) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2002 (Public Law 107–107, 52 U.S.C. 20301 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ff–6)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20310)’’. (21) Section 102 of the Uniformed and Over-seas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (52 U.S.C. 20302) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(3) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20303)’’ after ‘‘section 103’’. (B) Subsection (a)(4) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301)’’ after ‘‘section 101’’. (C) Subsection (a)(5) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301(b)(7))’’ after ‘‘section 101(b)(7)’’. (D) Subsection (a)(10) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20304(b)(1))’’ after ‘‘section 103A(b)(1)’’. (E) Subsection (a)(11) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301(b)(11))’’ after ‘‘section 101(b)(11)’’. (F) Subsection (c) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20901 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Help Amer-ica Vote Act of 2002’’. (G) Subsection (i) (matter before paragraph (1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301)’’ after ‘‘section 101’’. (22) Section 576 of the Military and Over-seas Voter Empowerment Act (Public Law 111–84, division A, title V, subtitle H, 52 U.S.C. 20302 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ff et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.)’’. (23) Section 703(b) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–252, 52 U.S.C. 20302 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20302(c))’’ after ‘‘section 102(c) of the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absen-tee Voting Act’’. (24) Section 103 of the Uniformed and Over-seas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (52 U.S.C. 20303) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20302(b))’’ after ‘‘section 102(b)’’. (B) Subsection (g)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20310(5)(A))’’ after ‘‘section 107(5)(A)’’. (C) Subsection (g)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20310(5)(B), (C))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 107(5)(B) or (C)’’. (25) Section 103A of the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (52 U.S.C. 20304) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20303)’’ after ‘‘section 103’’. (B) Subsection (d) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20310(5)(A))’’ after ‘‘section 107(5)(A)’’. (26) Section 104 of the Uniformed and Over-seas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (52 U.S.C. 20306) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301)’’ after ‘‘section 101’’. (27) Section 105A of the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (52 U.S.C. 20308) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20304)’’ after ‘‘section 103A’’. (B) Subsection (b)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20305)’’ after ‘‘section 103B’’. (C) Subsection (b)(3) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20304)’’ after ‘‘section 103A’’. (D) Subsection (c)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20304(d))’’ after ‘‘section 103A(d)’’. (E) Subsection (c)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301(a))’’ after ‘‘section 101(a)’’. (28) Section 107(2) of the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (52 U.S.C. 20310(2)) is amended by— (A) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 101’’; and (B) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20303)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 103’’. (29) Section 589 of the Military and Over-seas Voter Empowerment Act (52 U.S.C. 20311) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ff–6(1))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20310(1))’’. (B) Subsection (a)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20310(5))’’ after ‘‘section 107(5) of such Act’’. (C) Subsection (a)(3) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301(a))’’ after ‘‘section 101(a) of such Act’’. (D) Subsection (b)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ff et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.)’’. (E) Subsection (e)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(Public Law 107–107; 115 Stat. 1277; 42 U.S.C. 1973ff note)’’ and inserting ‘‘(Public Law 107–107; 115 Stat. 1277; 52 U.S.C. 20301 note)’’. (30) Section 3 of the National Voter Reg-istration Act of 1993 (52 U.S.C. 20502) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (1) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 431(1))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(1))’’. (B) Paragraph (2) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 431(3))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(3))’’. (C) Paragraph (5) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20506(a)(1))’’ after ‘‘section 7(a)(1)’’. (31) Section 4(a) of the National Voter Reg-istration Act of 1993 (52 U.S.C. 20503(a)) is 
amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (1) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20504)’’ after ‘‘section 5’’. (B) Paragraph (2) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20505)’’ after ‘‘section 6’’. (C) Paragraph (3)(B) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20506)’’ after ‘‘section 7’’. (32) Section 5(c)(2)(D)(i) of the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 (52 U.S.C. 20504(c)(2)(D)(i)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20507(a)(5)(A), (B))’’ after ‘‘section 8(a)(5)(A) and (B)’’. (33) Section 6 of the National Voter Reg-istration Act of 1993 (52 U.S.C. 20505) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20508(a)(2))’’ after ‘‘section 9(a)(2)’’. (B) Subsection (a)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20508(b))’’ after ‘‘section 9(b)’’. (C) Subsection (c)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ff–1 et seq.)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.)’’. (D) Subsection (c)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ee–1(b)(2)(B)(ii))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20102(b)(2)(B)(ii))’’. (E) Subsection (d) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20507(a)(2))’’ after ‘‘section 8(a)(2)’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20507(d))’’ after ‘‘section 8(d)’’. (34) Section 7(a)(6)(A) of the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 (52 U.S.C. 20506(a)(6)(A)) is amended as follows: (A) Clause (i) (matter before subclause (I)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20508(a)(2))’’ after ‘‘section 9(a)(2)’’. (B) Clause (ii) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20508(a)(2))’’ after ‘‘section 9(a)(2)’’. (35) Section 8 of the National Voter Reg-istration Act of 1993 (52 U.S.C. 20507) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(1)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20504)’’ after ‘‘section 5’’. (B) Subsection (a)(1)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20505)’’ after ‘‘section 6’’. (C) Subsection (a)(5) (matter before sub-paragraph (A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20504, 20505, 20506)’’ after ‘‘sections 5, 6, and 7’’. (D) Subsection (b)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.)’’. (E) Subsection (g)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20509)’’ after ‘‘section 10’’. (36) Section 9(b)(4)(i) of the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 (52 U.S.C. 20508(b)(4)(i)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20507(a)(5)(A), (B))’’ after ‘‘section 8(a)(5)(A) and (B)’’. (37) Section 11(d) of the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 (52 U.S.C. 20510(d)) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (1) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.)’’. (B) Paragraph (2) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.)’’. (38) Section 302 of the Civil Rights Act of 1960 (52 U.S.C. 20702) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20701)’’ after ‘‘section 301’’. (39) Section 303 of the Civil Rights Act of 1960 (52 U.S.C. 20703) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20701)’’ after ‘‘section 301’’. (40) Section 305 of the Civil Rights Act of 1960 (52 U.S.C. 20705) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20703)’’ after ‘‘section 303’’. (41) Section 101 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20901) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (c)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21145)’’ after ‘‘section 906’’. (B) Subsection (d)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20903(b))’’ after ‘‘section 103(b)’’. (42) Section 102 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20902) is as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(2)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21145)’’ after ‘‘section 906’’. (B) Subsection (a)(2)(C) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21081)’’ after ‘‘section 301’’. (C) Subsection (b)(1)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21145)’’ after ‘‘section 906’’. (D) Subsection (b)(1)(C) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21081)’’ after ‘‘section 301’’. (E) Subsection (c)(1) (matter before sub-paragraph (A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20903(b))’’ after ‘‘section 103(b)’’. (F) Subsection (c)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20904(a)(2))’’ after ‘‘section 104(a)(2)’’. (43) Section 625(b) of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–8, 52 U.S.C. 20902 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20901 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Help America Vote Act of 2002’’. (44) Section 6301(b) of the U.S. Troop Read-iness, Veterans’ Care, Katrina Recovery, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.012 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5060 September 6, 2016 
Iraq Accountability Appropriations Act, 2007 (Public Law 110–28, 52 U.S.C. 20902 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20901 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Help America Vote Act of 2002’’. (45) Section 103 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20903) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (a) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20901, 20902)’’ after ‘‘section 101 or 102’’. (B) Subsection (b) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20901(d), 20902(c))’’ after ‘‘sections 101(d) and 102(c)’’. (46) Section 104 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20904) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (a)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20901)’’ after ‘‘section 101’’. (B) Subsection (a)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20902)’’ after ‘‘section 102’’. (C) Subsection (c)(2)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20902(d)(1))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 102(d)(1)’’. (D) Subsection (d) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21004(b))’’ after ‘‘section 254(b)’’. (47) Section 209 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20929) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg–7(a))’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20508(a))’’. (48) Section 210 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20930) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21123)’’ after ‘‘section 503’’. (49) Section 212 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20942) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20982(b))’’ after ‘‘section 242(b)’’. (50) Section 215(a)(2)(A) of the Help Amer-ica Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20945(a)(2)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20962)’’ after ‘‘section 222’’. (51) Section 221 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20961) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (e)(2)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21083(a))’’ after ‘‘section 303(a)’’. (B) Subsection (f) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20962)’’ after ‘‘section 222’’. (52) Section 222(b)(1) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20962(b)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20961)’’ after ‘‘section 221’’. (53) Section 242(a)(1) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20982(a)(1)) is amended by— (A) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20310(1))’’ after ‘‘section 107(1) of the Uniformed and Over-seas Citizens Absentee Voting Act’’; and (B) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20310(5))’’ after ‘‘section 107(5) of such Act’’. (54) Section 244 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20984) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (a)(1)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21083(b))’’ after ‘‘section 303(b)’’. (B) Subsection (a)(1)(B)(i) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21083(b))’’ after ‘‘section 303(b)’’. (C) Subsection (a)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21083(b)(2))’’ after ‘‘section 303(b)(2)’’. (D) Subsection (b) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21083(a)(5))’’ after ‘‘section 303(a)(5)’’. (55) Section 251 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21001) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (a) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21002)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 252’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21003)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 253’’. (B) Subsection (b)(2)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21002(c)’’ after ‘‘section 252(c)’’. (C) Subsection (b)(3) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21007(a)(4))’’ after ‘‘section 257(a)(4)’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Ab-sentee Voting Act’’. (D) Subsection (c)(1) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21004(a)(7))’’ after ‘‘section 254(a)(7)’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21081)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 301’’. (E) Subsection (c)(2) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21081)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 301’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21004(a)(7))’’ after ‘‘section 254(a)(7)’’. (56) Section 252 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21002) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (a)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21007)’’ after ‘‘section 257’’. (B) Subsection (c)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21007)’’ after ‘‘section 257’’. (57) Section 253 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21003) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (b)(1)(A) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21004(a))’’ after ‘‘section 254(a)’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21007(a)(4))’’ after ‘‘section 257(a)(4)’’. (B) Subsection (b)(1)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21005)’’ after ‘‘section 255’’. (C) Subsection (b)(1)(C) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21006)’’ after ‘‘section 256’’. (D) Subsection (b)(2)(A) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21112)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 402’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21005(b), 21006)’’ after ‘‘sections 255(b) and 256’’. (E) Subsection (b)(2)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21007(a)(4))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 257(a)(4)’’. (F) Subsection (b)(3) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21145)’’ after ‘‘section 906’’. (G) Subsection (b)(4)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21001(b))’’ after ‘‘section 251(b)’’. (H) Subsection (b)(5)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21001(c)(2))’’ after ‘‘section 251(c)(2)’’. (I) Subsection (b)(5)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21007(a)(4))’’ after ‘‘sec-
tion 257(a)(4)’’. (J) Subsection (d) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21005(b))’’ after ‘‘section 255(b)’’. (K) Subsection (e) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg–8)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20509)’’. (58) Section 254(a) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21004(a)) is amend-ed as follows: (A) Paragraph (1) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21001(a)(2)’’ after ‘‘section 251(a)(2)’’. (B) Paragraph (4) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21081)’’ after ‘‘section 301’’. (C) Paragraph (9) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21112)’’ after ‘‘section 402’’. (D) Paragraph (11)(A) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21005)’’ after ‘‘section 255’’. (E) Paragraph (11)(B) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21006)’’ after ‘‘section 256’’. (F) Paragraph (13) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21005)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 255’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21006)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 256’’. (59) Section 256 (matter before paragraph (1)) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21006) is amended by striking ‘‘section 251(a)(1)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 253(b)(1)(C) (52 U.S.C. 21003(b)(1)(C))’’. (60) Section 257(a) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21007(a)) is amend-ed as follows: (A) The matter before paragraph (1) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20904(c))’’ after ‘‘section 104(c)’’. (B) Paragraph (4) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21001(b)(3))’’ after ‘‘section 251(b)(3)’’. (61) Section 258 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21008) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Paragraph (1) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21001(b))’’ after ‘‘section 251(b)’’. (B) Paragraph (3) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21004)’’ after ‘‘section 254’’. (62) Section 261(a) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21021(a)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21023)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 263’’. (63) Section 265(a) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21025(a)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21021(b))’’ after ‘‘section 261(b)’’. (64) Section 271 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21041) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (b)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Voting Rights Act of 1965’’. (B) Subsection (d)(4)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20927)’’ after ‘‘section 207’’. (65) Section 281 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21051) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (b)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Voting Rights Act of 1965’’. (B) Subsection (c)(4)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20927)’’ after ‘‘section 207’’. (66) Section 291(c)(1) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21061(c)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21062)’’ after ‘‘section 292’’. (67) Section 292(a) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21062(a)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21061(a))’’ after ‘‘section 291(a)’’. (68) Section 301(a)(4) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21081(a)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973aa–1a)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10503)’’. (69) Section 302 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21082) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (a) (matter after paragraph (5)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg–2(b))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20503(b))’’. (B) Subsection (b)(2)(D) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21083(b))’’ after ‘‘section 303(b)’’. (70) Section 303 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21083) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (a)(2)(A)(i) is amended by— (i) striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20501 et seq.)’’; and (ii) striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg–6)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20507)’’. (B) Subsection (a)(2)(A)(ii)(I) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg–6(a)(3)(B))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20507(a)(3)(B))’’. (C) Subsection (a)(2)(A)(ii)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg–6(a)(4)(A))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20507(a)(4)(A))’’. (D) Subsection (a)(2)(A)(iii) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg–2(b))’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20503(b))’’. (E) Subsection (a)(4)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg et seq.)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20501 et seq.)’’. (F) Subsection (b)(1) (matter before para-graph (A)) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg–4(c))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20505(c))’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:53 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.013 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5061 September 6, 2016 
(G) Subsection (b)(2)(B)(i) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21082(a))’’ after ‘‘section 302(a)’’. (H) Subsection (b)(2)(B)(ii) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21082(a))’’ after ‘‘section 302(a)’’. (I) Subsection (b)(3)(A) (matter before clause (i)) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg–4)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20505)’’. (J) Subsection (b)(3)(B)(i) (matter before subclause (I)) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg–4)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20505)’’. (K) Subsection (b)(3)(C)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ff–1 et seq.)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.)’’. (L) Subsection (b)(3)(C)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ee–1(b)(2)(B)(ii))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20102(b)(2)(B)(ii))’’. (M) Subsection (b)(4)(A) (matter before clause (i)) is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg–4)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20505)’’. (N) Subsection (b)(5) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20501 et seq.)’’. (71) Section 304 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21084) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21145)’’ after ‘‘section 906’’. (72) Section 311 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21101) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (a) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21102)’’ after ‘‘section 312’’. (B) Subsection (b)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21081)’’ after ‘‘section 301’’. (C) Subsection (b)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21082)’’ after ‘‘section 302’’. (D) Subsection (b)(3) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21083)’’ after ‘‘section 303’’. (E) Subsection (c) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21081)’’ after ‘‘section 301’’. (73) Section 401 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21111) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21081, 21082, 21083)’’ after ‘‘sections 301, 302, and 303’’. (74) Section 502(a) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21122(a)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21121(b))’’ after ‘‘section 501(b)’’. (75) Section 503 (matter before paragraph (1)) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21123) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20930)’’ after ‘‘section 210’’. (76) Section 801(a) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21131) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20921)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 201’’. (77) Section 802(a) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21132) is amended by— (A) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20921)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 201’’; and (B) striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg–7(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20508(a))’’. (78) Section 804(a) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21134(a)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20923)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 203’’. (79) Section 902(b)(4) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21142(b)(4)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21001)’’ after ‘‘section 251’’. (80) Section 905(a) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21144(a)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973i(c))’’ and in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10307(c))’’. (81) Section 906 of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21145) is amended as fol-lows: (A) Subsection (a) (matter before para-graph (1)) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 21083(b))’’ after ‘‘section 303(b) of this Act’’; and (ii) striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20501 et seq.)’’. (B) Subsection (a)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.)’’. (C) Subsection (a)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ee et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20101 et seq.)’’. (D) Subsection (a)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973ff et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.)’’. (E) Subsection (a)(4) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973gg et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 20501 et seq.)’’. (F) Subsection (b) is amended by— (i) striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 1973c)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10304)’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘any other requirements of such Act’’. (82) Section 301 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30101) is amended as follows: (A) Paragraph (4)(B) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30118(b))’’ after ‘‘section 316(b)’’. (B) Paragraph (5) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30102(e)(1))’’ after ‘‘section 302(e)(1)’’. (C) Paragraph (6) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30102(e)(1))’’ after ‘‘section 302(e)(1)’’. (D) Paragraph (8)(B)(vi) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30118(b))’’ after ‘‘section 316(b)’’. (E) Paragraph (8)(B)(viii) (matter after subclause (II)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(b))’’ after ‘‘section 304(b)’’. (F) Paragraph (8)(B)(xiii) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30125)’’ after ‘‘section 323 of this Act’’. (G) Paragraph (9)(B)(iii) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(a)(4)(A)(i))’’ after ‘‘section 304(a)(4)(A)(i)’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(a)(4)(A)(ii))’’ after ‘‘section 304(a)(4)(A)(ii)’’. (H) Paragraph (9)(B)(v) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30118(b))’’ after ‘‘section 316(b)’’. (I) Paragraph (9)(B)(vi) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30116(b))’’ after ‘‘section 315(b)’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(b))’’ after ‘‘section 304(b)’’. (J) Paragraph (9)(B)(vii) (matter after sub-clause (II)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(b))’’ after ‘‘section 304(b)’’. (K) Paragraph (19) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 as amended’’. (L) Paragraph (25) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30116(i), 30117)’’ after ‘‘sections 
315(i) and 315A’’. (83) Section 402 of the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–155, 52 U.S.C. 30101 note) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(4) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30125(b))’’ after ‘‘section 323(b) of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971’’; and (ii) striking ‘‘section 315(j) of Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971’’ and inserting ‘‘section 315(j) of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30116(j))’’. (B) Subsection (b)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30125)’’ after ‘‘section 323 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (C) Subsection (b)(2)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30125(a))’’ after ‘‘section 323(a) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (D) Subsection (b)(2)(B)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘(2 U.S.C. 431(9)))’’ and inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(9)))’’. (84) Section 301(b) of the Federal Election Campaign Act Amendments of 1979 (Public Law 96–187, 52 U.S.C. 30101 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(b))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 304(b) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (85) Section 303(b) of the Federal Election Campaign Act Amendments of 1979 (Public Law 96–187, 52 U.S.C. 30101 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30111(d))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 311(d) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (86) Section 302 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30102) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (d) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(a)(11))’’ after ‘‘section 304(a)(11)’’. (B) Subsection (e)(5) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30118(b))’’ after ‘‘section 316(b)’’. (C) Subsection (g)(4) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30111(a)(4))’’ after ‘‘section 311(a)(4)’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30111(a)(5))’’ after ‘‘section 311(a)(5)’’. (87) Section 303 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30103) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30102(e)(1))’’ after ‘‘section 302(e)(1)’’; (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30118(b))’’ after ‘‘section 316(b)’’; and (iii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(4))’’ after ‘‘section 301(4)’’. (B) Subsection (c) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30102(g))’’ after ‘‘section 302(g)’’. (C) Subsection (d)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30102(g))’’ after ‘‘section 302(g)’’. (88) Section 304 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30104) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(6)(C) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30116(i))’’ after ‘‘section 315(i)’’. (B) Subsection (a)(6)(D) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30109)’’ after ‘‘section 309’’. (C) Subsection (b)(4)(H)(iv) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30116(d))’’ after ‘‘section 315(d) of this Act’’. (D) Subsection (b)(4)(I) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30116(b))’’ after ‘‘section 315(b)’’. (E) Subsection (b)(6)(B)(iv) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30116(d))’’ after ‘‘section 315(d) in the Act’’. (F) Subsection (e)(2)(A) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30125(b)(1))’’ after ‘‘section 323(b)(1)’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(20)(A))’’ after ‘‘section 301(20)(A)’’. (G) Subsection (e)(2)(B) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(20)(A))’’ after ‘‘section 301(20)(A)’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30125(b)(2)(A), (B))’’ after ‘‘section 323(b)(2)(A) and (B)’’. (H) Subsection (f)(3)(B)(iv) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(20)(A)(iii))’’ after ‘‘section 301(20)(A)(iii)’’. (I) Subsection (i)(3)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30116(c)(1)(B))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 315(c)(1)(B)’’. (89) Section 204(b) of the Honest Leadership and Open Government Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–81, 52 U.S.C. 30104 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30104)’’ after ‘‘section 304 of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act’’. (90) Section 201(b) of the Bipartisan Cam-paign Reform Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–155, 52 U.S.C. 30104 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(f))’’ after ‘‘section 304(f) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (91) Section 306(c) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30106(c)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30107(a))’’ after ‘‘section 307(a) of this Act’’. (92) Section 307 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30107) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(6) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30109(a)(8))’’ after ‘‘section 309(a)(8) of this Act’’. (B) Subsection (a)(7) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30108)’’ after ‘‘section 308 of this Act’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.014 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5062 September 6, 2016 
(C) Subsection (e) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30109(a)(8))’’ after ‘‘section 309(a)(8) of this Act’’. (93) Section 308(b) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30108(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30111(d))’’ after ‘‘section 311(d)’’. (94) Section 108(b) of the Federal Election Campaign Act Amendments of 1976 (Public Law 94–283, 52 U.S.C. 30108 note) is amended by— (A) striking ‘‘requirements established by section 312(a) of the Act’’ and inserting ‘‘re-quirements established by section 308(a) of the Act (52 U.S.C. 30108(a))’’; (B) striking ‘‘section 312(b) of the Act’’ and inserting ‘‘section 308(b) of the Act (52 U.S.C. 30108(b))’’; and (C) striking ‘‘section 312(a) of the Act’’ and inserting ‘‘section 308(a) of the Act (52 U.S.C. 30108(a))’’. (95) Section 309 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30109) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(4)(C)(iv)(I) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 304’’. (B) Subsection (a)(4)(C)(iv)(II) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30105)’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 305’’. (C) Subsection (a)(5)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30122)’’ after ‘‘section 320’’. (D) Subsection (a)(6)(C) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30122)’’ after ‘‘section 320’’. (E) Subsection (b) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(a)(2)(A)(iii))’’ after ‘‘section 304(a)(2)(A)(iii)’’; (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(a)(2)(A)(i))’’ after ‘‘section 304(a)(2)(A)(i)’’; and (iii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30111(a)(7))’’ after ‘‘section 311(a)(7)’’. (F) Subsection (d)(1)(B) is amended by— (i) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30118(b)(3))’’ after ‘‘knowing and willful violation of section 316(b)(3)’’; and (ii) inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30119(b), 30122, 30123)’’ after ‘‘section 317(b), 320, or 321’’. (G) Subsection (d)(1)(C) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30124)’’ after ‘‘section 322’’. (H) Subsection (d)(1)(D) (matter before clause (i)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30122)’’ after ‘‘section 320’’. (96) Section 311(b) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30111(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104)’’ after ‘‘section 304 of this Act’’. (97) Section 502(b) of the Bipartisan Cam-paign Reform Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 30112(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971’’. (98) Section 313(c)(4) of the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30114(c)(4)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(i)(8)(B))’’ after ‘‘section 304(i)(8)(B)’’. (99) Section 314 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30115) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30111(a)(10))’’ after ‘‘section 311(a)(10)’’. (100) Section 315 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30116) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (a)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30117)’’ after ‘‘section 315A’’. (B) Subsection (a)(4) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30103)’’ after ‘‘section 303’’. (C) Subsection (a)(7)(C)(i) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(f)(3))’’ after ‘‘section 304(f)(3)’’. (D) Subsection (d)(4)(A)(i) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(17))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 301(17)’’. (E) Subsection (d)(4)(A)(ii) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(17))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 301(17)’’. (F) Subsection (i)(1)(D)(i) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(a)(6)(B))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 304(a)(6)(B)’’. (G) Subsection (i)(2)(A)(i) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(a)(6)(B))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 304(a)(6)(B)’’. (101) Section 315A(b)(3) of the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30117(b)(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30109)’’ after ‘‘section 309’’. (102) Section 316 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30118) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (b)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101)’’ after ‘‘section 301’’. (B) Subsection (c)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(f)(3))’’ after ‘‘section 304(f)(3)’’. (C) Subsection (c)(2) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(f)(2)(E), (F))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 304(f)(2)(E) or (F) of this Act’’. (D) Subsection (c)(3)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(f)(2)(E))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 304(f)(2)(E)’’. (E) Subsection (c)(6)(B) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(f)(3))’’ after ‘‘section 304(f)(3)’’. (F) Subsection (c)(6)(C) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(f)(3)(C))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 304(f)(3)(C)’’. (103) Section 317 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30119) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (b) is amended by— (i) striking ‘‘provisions of section 321’’ and inserting ‘‘provisions of section 316 (52 U.S.C. 30118)’’; and (ii) striking ‘‘under section 321’’ and insert-ing ‘‘under section 316’’. (B) Subsection (c) is amended by striking ‘‘section 321(b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 316(b)(1) (52 U.S.C. 30118(b)(1))’’. (104) Section 318(a) (matter before para-graph (1)) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30120(a) (matter before paragraph (1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(f)(3))’’ after ‘‘section 304(f)(3)’’. (105) Section 319(a)(1)(C) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30121(a)(1)(C)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30104(f)(3))’’ after ‘‘section 304(f)(3)’’. (106) Section 323 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30125) is amended as follows: (A) Subsection (b)(2)(A) (matter before clause (i) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(20)(A))’’ after ‘‘section 301(20)(A)’’. (B) Subsection (e)(1)(B)(i) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30116(a))’’ after ‘‘section 315(a)’’. (C) Subsection (e)(4)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(20)(A))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 301(20)(A)’’. (D) Subsection (e)(4)(B) (matter before clause (i) is amended by inserting ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(20)(A))’’ after ‘‘section 301(20)(A)’’. (E) Subsection (f)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(52 U.S.C. 30101(20)(A)(iii))’’ after ‘‘sec-tion 301(20)(A)(iii)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. L
OF-
GREN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 2832, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring be-fore the House H.R. 2832, a bill to make technical amendments to update statu-tory references to certain provisions classified to title 52, United States Code. H.R. 2832 is yet another bill address-ing a reclassification of the United States Code by the Office of Law Revi-sion Counsel, and I am pleased to be joined in cosponsoring this notable bill by Ranking Member CONYERS . It is only fitting that he cosponsor the bill recognizing the creation of a new title of the United States Code dedicated ex-clusively to voting and election laws. In 1926, when the organizational structure of the United States Code was established, no separate title for voting and elections was created. At that time, only two Federal statutory provisions relating to voting and elec-tions existed. Since 1960, an extensive body of Fed-eral statutory law relating to voting and elections has been enacted, includ-ing title III of the Civil Rights Act of 1960, the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971, the Voting Accessibility for the Elder-ly and Handicapped Act, the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act, the National Voter Registration Act of 1993, and the Help America Vote Act of 2002. Upon enactment, each of these laws was incorporated into the existing structure of the Code in the most log-ical manner possible. However, as this body of law grew and evolved, it be-came increasingly apparent to the Of-fice of Law Revision Counsel that a separate title was needed. On September 1, 2014, Title 52—Vot-ing and Elections was established. This new title provides a well organized, co-herent structure for this important body of law. H.R. 2832 will update citations that refer to provisions altered by the re-classification. These updates are nec-essary to conform the citations to the current codification of the text. In addition, to eliminate any confu-sion, the Office of Law Revision Coun-sel provides a comprehensive guide to the old and new Code citations for these provisions on its Web site, uscode.house.gov. As is the case with reclassification projects, no statutory text was altered in this reorganization. The provisions were merely transferred from one place to another in the United States Code. H.R. 2832 is an important bill because it helps ensure that our laws are up to date and accurately reflect the loca-tion of statutory text in the United States Code. For these reasons, I urge my col-leagues to support this important bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.015 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5063 September 6, 2016 
As with the prior bills, the Office of Law Revision Counsel has drafted this. The chairman has certainly explained what it does. It makes no change to the law, but it does do this. It highlights the value of voting rights laws by cre-ating a title 52. I think that is going to make it easier for the public to under-stand what the rules are. It is an im-portant measure, even though it doesn’t change the existing law, by making the law more accessible. I am going to diverge a little bit from the substance of this because when my plane landed from California this after-noon, I was saddened to find on my email the news that Alan A. Parker, who was general counsel for the Judici-ary Committee and general counsel for the Civil Rights Subcommittee when my predecessor, Don Edwards, had chaired the Civil Rights Sub-committee, had passed away last Fri-day after a very long illness. Alan Parker served in World War II in the South Pacific. He went to Santa Clara University School of Law. He loved the Congress and he loved the Ju-diciary Committee. He had a distin-guished career teaching law. He would be, I think, actually pleased to be re-membered on the occasion of reorga-nizing these civil rights measures that he cared so much about and that he worked for when he was here in the House. I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill today and to join me in mourning the passage of Alan A. Parker, the former general counsel of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I would first like to thank the gentle-woman for her support of this impor-tant legislation, but also to thank her for remembering Mr. Parker and his contribution not only to the Judiciary Committee, but to this entire Congress and our country. Her words are well taken, and I thank her for them. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2832, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COOPERATIVE MANAGEMENT OF MINERAL RIGHTS ACT OF 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3881) to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to re-peal provisions relating only to the Al-legheny National Forest, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3881 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cooperative Management of Mineral Rights Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. REPEAL OF PROVISIONS REGARDING THE ALLEGHENY NATIONAL FOREST. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Subsection (o) of section 17 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 226) and 2508 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 3108) are repealed. (b) N
OTICE REQUIREMENT NOTAFFECTED .— Nothing in this Act shall be construed or inter-preted to (1) limit, modify, or otherwise affect the existing requirement to provide in writing 60-day advance notice of specific activities in accordance with the order dated December 16, 1980 in the case United States of America v. Minard Run Oil Company, 1980 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 9570 (W.D. Pa., Dec. 16, 1980); or (2) limit existing authority of the Forest Service under 16 U.S.C. 551. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) and the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legisla-tive days to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I very much appreciate the opportunity to bring my legisla-tion, the Cooperative Management of Mineral Rights Act of 2016, to the floor today. The Speaker’s Task Force on Reduc-ing Regulatory Burdens cited many ex-amples from across the country of how our Nation’s regulatory system is con-stricting both job growth and economic development. This legislation solves one such example in my district, where gross regulatory overreach by the U.S. Forest Service, in partnership with en-vironmental groups, sought to halt American energy production in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. This energy production has occurred for generations in the region through conventional methods and remains a staple industry throughout many com-munities in the region. More recently, responsible energy development in the Marcellus shale has occurred in my dis-trict, which has pushed the United States to lead the world in energy pro-duction. Just a few years ago, American fami-lies were forced to pay absurd energy prices and to look to foreign countries to meet our energy needs. Today, Pennsylvanian energy is reducing prices and meeting our Nation’s de-mands, while also employing thousands of American workers. For years, the Forest Service had worked cooperatively on a balanced ap-proach to ensure responsible energy de-velopment could occur in the Alle-gheny National Forest. This balanced approach was tossed aside when the Forest Service sought to put crippling new regulations into place on privately held mineral rights in my district. After years of litigation, the courts de-cisively ruled against the Forest Serv-ice’s authority to implement such reg-ulation. This legislation simply codifies what the courts have already ruled, restor-ing a balanced management approach to the Allegheny National Forest. Part of this balanced approach includes companies providing advance notice before commencing operations, which they have done for decades. While nothing in my bill circumvents this re-quirement, I was pleased to work with my colleague across the aisle, Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee Ranking Member ALANLOWENTHAL , to accept his amendment to make this point crystal clear. Today the House ends just one exam-ple of Federal overreach that has put the well-being of many families in my district in jeopardy. It is my hope that the House can continue to roll back the red tape to generate greater American prosperity. I urge adoption of the measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. H.R. 3881 is a bill that would repeal some unnecessary, redundant parts of the U.S. Code related to private oil and gas rights of the Allegheny National Forest. The intent, as the sponsor indicated, is to ensure that the owners of those mineral rights are allowed to exercise them and drill within the boundaries as legal. While those rights are certainly valid and should be respected, the U.S. Forest Service also has certain rights that have also been confirmed by the courts, for instance, the right to re-ceive 60 days’ advance notice before any drilling begins. The introduced draft of this legisla-tion initially raised the possibility that it could have inadvertently over-turned the court cases and precedences guaranteeing that advance notice and other rights of the U.S. Forest Service. Thankfully, in markup, the sponsor of the legislation and the majority on the Natural Resources Committee agreed to accept an amendment offered by my colleague, the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ), which made it completely clear that this bill does not affect the right of the Forest Service to get this advance notice or any other valid right of the Forest Service, nor does it negatively impact any other rights the Forest Service has to oversee activities in national forests and to protect forest resources pursu-ant to the law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.022 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5064 September 6, 2016 
This bill, as amended, simply repeals language that some have interpreted as potentially infringing on private prop-erty rights. Passing this bill would not have an impact on how oil and gas op-erations are conducted in the Alle-gheny National Forest or in any na-tional forest nationwide. I thank the sponsor of this bill for working with the Democrats on the committee to craft a workable re-sponse that hopefully will pass by unanimous consent. I ask my col-leagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his support of this piece of legislation, and I urge passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3881, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
b1700 BOLTS DITCH ACCESS AND USE ACT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4510) to in-sure adequate use and access to the ex-isting Bolts Ditch headgate and ditch segment within the Holy Cross Wilder-ness in Eagle County, Colorado, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4510 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bolts Ditch Access and Use Act’’. 
SEC. 2. BOLTS DITCH ACCESS. 
(a) A CCESS GRANTED .—The Secretary of Ag-riculture shall permit by special use author-ization nonmotorized access and use, in ac-cordance with section 293.6 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations, of the Bolts Ditch headgate and the Bolts Ditch within the Holy Cross Wilderness, Colorado, as des-ignated by Public Law 96–560, for the pur-poses of the diversion of water and use, maintenance, and repair of such ditch and headgate by the Town of Minturn, Colorado, a Colorado Home Rule Municipality. (b) L
OCATION OF FACILITIES .—The Bolts Ditch headgate and ditch segment referenced in subsection (a) are as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Bolts Ditch headgate and Ditch Segment’’, dated November 2015. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) and the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legisla-tive days to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Since 1882, the town of Minturn, Col-orado, has used Bolts Ditch to fill Bolts Lake, a place of recreation for the town and an important source of water for the surrounding community. When Congress passed the Colorado Wilder-ness Act in 1980, 450 feet of Bolts Ditch was inadvertently included in the Holy Cross Wilderness area, which led to questions about the town’s ability to access this important infrastructure. After a discussion amongst stake-holders, the town agreed to seek a leg-islative solution to address this access issue. This bipartisan bill simply allows the Forest Service to issue a special use permit to the town of Minturn to allow nonmotorized access to maintain a headgate and water ditch in the Holy Cross Wilderness. This bill ensures the town will have access to Bolts Ditch for basic maintenance needs. H.R. 4510 was developed in consultation with the community and the Forest Service, and it enjoys support from a wide range of groups in the region. I urge the adoption of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I thank Chairman B
ISHOP for bring-ing H.R. 4510, the Bolts Ditch Access and Use Act, to the floor today. I introduced this simple but very im-portant piece of legislation at the re-quest of the local community of Minturn, in Eagle County, because it improves public land, water, and com-munities in my district. This bill has bipartisan support from the Colorado delegation. I thank Mr. T
IPTON and Mr. L AMBORN for partnering with me on this bill here in the House. In the Senate, Senator G
ARDNER and Senator B ENNET have partnered to pass this bill as well. I am also thankful to the town of Minturn, to the conservation community, and to water utilities for working together for a commonsense solution that we can all support. This is an example of how we can solve a problem when everybody comes together. The need for this legislation is to solve a vital local problem for the peo-ple of Minturn, Colorado, a town of about 1,000 people in Eagle County, which is in our Rocky Mountains in Colorado. The problem it fixes results from a mistake in the 1980 Wilderness Act, which inadvertently left Bolts Ditch off of the list of existing water facilities which it should have been in-cluded on. This legislation would au-thorize a special use of the Bolts Ditch headgate and the segment of the Bolts Ditch within the Holy Cross Wilderness area, allowing Minturn to use its exist-ing water right to fill Bolts Lake. The residents of Minturn who brought this bill to me, as well as Colo-radans across the central mountains, have long relied on water infrastruc-ture like Bolts Ditch to access clean and affordable drinking water. This bill will ensure that the town of Minturn is able to utilize a crucial resource and to do so without compromising the sanc-tity of the surrounding wilderness areas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers on this piece of legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the majority and minority staffs of the committee for working with us on this bill. It is very important to the people of Minturn and to our central moun-tain region in Colorado, so I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this is important infra-structure for this community in Colo-rado. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4510, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FORT FREDERICA NATIONAL MONUMENT BOUNDARY EXPAN-SION ACT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3480) to ex-pand the boundary of Fort Frederica National Monument in the State of Georgia, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3480 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fort Frederica National Monument Boundary Expansion Act’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.024 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5065 September 6, 2016 
SEC. 2. FORT FREDERICA NATIONAL MONUMENT, GEORGIA. 
(a) M AXIMUM ACREAGE .—The first section of the Act of May 26, 1936 (16 U.S.C. 433g), is amended by striking ‘‘two hundred and fifty acres’’ and inserting ‘‘305 acres’’. (b) B
OUNDARY EXPANSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The boundary of the Fort Frederica National Monument in the State of Georgia is modified to include the land gen-erally depicted as ‘‘Proposed Acquisition Areas’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Fort Frederica National Monument Proposed Boundary Expansion’’, numbered 369/132,469, and dated April 2016. (2) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP .—The map described in paragraph (1) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the National Park Service. (3) A
CQUISITION OF LAND .—The Secretary of the Interior may acquire the land and interests in land described in paragraph (1) by donation or purchase with donated or appropriated funds from willing sellers only. (4) W
RITTEN CONSENT OF OWNER .—No non- Federal property may be included in the Fort Frederica National Monument without the writ-ten consent of the owner. (5) N
O USE OF CONDEMNATION OR EMINENT DO -
MAIN.—The Secretary of the Interior may not acquire by condemnation or eminent domain any land or interests in land under this Act or for the purposes of this Act. (6) N
O BUFFER ZONE CREATED .—Nothing in this Act, the establishment of the Fort Frederica National Monument, or the management plan for the Fort Frederica National Monument shall be construed to create buffer zones outside of the Monument. That activities or uses can be seen, heard, or detected from areas within the Fort Frederica National Monument shall not preclude, limit, control, regulate, or determine the conduct or management of activities or uses outside of the Monument. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legisla-tive days to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The Fort Frederica National Monu-ment, located on St. Simons Island, Georgia, preserves the archaeological remnants of a fort established in 1736 by James Oglethorpe. Oglethorpe con-structed the fort to protect the colony of Georgia from attack from the Span-ish. The fort successfully fended off a Spanish attack in 1742 and confirmed Georgia as a British territory. H.R. 3480, introduced by Congressman B
UDDY CARTER of Georgia, expands Fort Frederica by 21 acres. The St. Si-mons Land Trust currently owns the additional acreage and will steward the land until the National Park Service can acquire the property. This bipar-tisan bill is cosponsored by the entire Georgia delegation, and Congressman CARTER worked closely with Chairman B
ISHOP to modify the bill before mark-up. I urge the adoption of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. As the chairman has said, this bill expands the Fort Frederica National Monument to include a 20-acre prop-erty, known as the North Marsh, which is currently owned by the St. Simons Land Trust. The National Park Service evaluated the property in a 2014 study and determined that its acquisition would provide additional opportunities to protect and interpret resources that are associated with the site. Fort Frederica, located on St. Si-mons Island, Georgia, was built by James Oglethorpe in 1736 to protect the colony of Georgia from Spanish Flor-ida. The fort has been managed by the National Park Service since 1936, when President Franklin Roosevelt used the Antiquities Act to designate the site as a national monument. As a quick aside, I climbed Mount Katahdin last week, which is Maine’s highest mountain, and I was in Maine when Secretary Jewell arrived to cele-brate President Obama’s use of the An-tiquities Act to accept a gift of 87,000 acres in order to create the new Katah-din Woods and Waters National Monu-ment—some of the most beautiful country I have ever seen. This bill is an important reminder of how a decision to protect and elevate our shared heritage resonates for gen-erations. Eighty years after President Roosevelt made the decision to estab-lish a national monument, we are look-ing at opportunities to expand it and increase the resources it protects. By using money from the Land and Water Conservation Fund—a Federal program that was not around in FDR’s time but that is one, I am sure, he would have supported—we can continue this impor-tant legacy. I thank the majority and my friend from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) for advanc-ing this bill. I look forward to working with them to advance similar legisla-tion that is designed to expand and en-hance our public lands. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ), the author of bill. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, the First Congressional District of Georgia is home to many natural and historic treasures, includ-ing the Fort Frederica National Monu-ment. Fort Frederica was built on St. Simons Island in 1736 by James Oglethorpe, the founder of Georgia, to protect the new British colony from the Spanish. The fort’s strategic loca-tion ensured a decisive victory for Oglethorpe in 1742 at the Battle of Bloody Marsh, which ended further Spanish attempts to claim Georgia as their own. Today, the Fort Frederica National Monument is a popular destination in Glynn County that features portions of the original fort, a museum, and exten-sive hiking trails. H.R. 3480 would au-thorize the National Park Service to obtain adjacent land that likely con-tains artifacts from prehistoric human settlements, adding more to the rich history of this site. I thank the chairman for his consid-eration of this bill as well as to thank the entire Georgia delegation for sup-porting and cosponsoring this legisla-tion. I also thank the Natural Re-sources Committee staff for their work and dedication to this bill. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3480, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FORT ONTARIO STUDY ACT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4202) to au-thorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4202 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fort Ontario Study Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) From 1755 until 1814, Fort Ontario and three previous fortifications built on the site of the Fort in Oswego, New York, on the shore of Lake Ontario were used as military installations during the French and Indian War, the Revolutionary War, and the War of 1812. (2) The original fort, erected by the British in 1755, was destroyed by French forces in 1756. The fort was rebuilt and subsequently destroyed during both the American Revolu-tion and the War of 1812. The star-shaped fort was constructed on the site of the original fortifications in the 1840s, with improve-ments made from 1863 through 1872. (3) The United States Armed Forces began expanding Fort Ontario in the early 20th century and by 1941, approximately 125 build-ings stood at the fort. (4) On June 9, 1944, President Franklin D. Roosevelt announced that Fort Ontario would serve as the Nation’s only Emergency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.016 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5066 September 6, 2016 
Refugee Camp during World War II. From August of 1944 until February 1946, nearly 1,000 refugees were sheltered at Fort Ontario. (5) Fort Ontario was conveyed from the Federal Government to the State of New York in 1946; it was used to house World War II veterans and their families and then con-verted to a State historic site in 1953. (6) A post cemetery containing the graves of 77 officers, soldiers, women, and children who served at Fort Ontario in war and peace is situated on the grounds of the fort. (7) In 1970, Fort Ontario was placed on the National Register of Historic Places. 
SEC. 3. FORT ONTARIO SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of the Interior (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) shall, subject to appropriations, conduct a special resource study of Fort On-tario in Oswego, New York. (b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) evaluate the national significance of the site; (2) determine the suitability and feasi-bility of designating the site as a unit of the National Park System; (3) consider other alternatives for preserva-tion, protection, and interpretation of the lands by Federal, State, or local govern-mental entities, or private and nonprofit or-ganizations; (4) consult with interested Federal, State, or local governmental entities, private and nonprofit organizations or any other inter-ested individuals; (5) determine the effect of the designation of the site as a unit of the National Park System on existing commercial and rec-reational uses and the effect on State and local governments to manage those activi-ties; (6) identify any authorities, including con-demnation, that may compel or allow the Secretary to influence or participate in local land use decisions (such as zoning) or place restrictions on non-Federal land if the site is designated a unit of the National Park Sys-tem; and (7) identify cost estimates for any Federal acquisition, development, interpretation, op-eration, and maintenance associated with the alternatives. (c) A
PPLICABLE LAW.—The study author-ized under subsection (a) shall be conducted in accordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are first made avail-able for the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that describes— (1) the findings of the study; and (2) any conclusions and recommendations of the Secretary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legisla-tive days to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Fort Ontario is a military installa-tion, located on the mouth of the Oswego River in New York, that was used during the French and Indian War, the Revolutionary War, and the War of 1812. The fort has a rich history of over 200 years of active military use and was destroyed and rebuilt on three separate occasions. At various points in history, it also served as a training post, as a hospital camp, and as an emergency refugee shelter. H.R. 4202, which was introduced by Congressman JOHNKATKO of New York, authorizes a special resource study to evaluate Fort Ontario’s national sig-nificance and determine the suitability and feasibility of designating it as a unit of the National Park System. I urge the adoption of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. This bill authorizes the National Park Service to conduct a special re-source study of Fort Ontario in Oswego, New York. Fort Ontario was a military installation that was used during the French and Indian War, which was later used to house refugees who fled the Nazi Holocaust during World War II. Refugees were allowed into the United States as guests of President Franklin Roosevelt’s. Many Americans remember our Nation’s role in World War II through events like the Invasion of Normandy or the Battle of Iwo Jima, which have been re-imagined in film and memorialized in stone, but the story of Fort Ontario is also an impor-tant component of our historical leg-acy. Providing refuge from persecution says as much about our national char-acter as the bravery and sacrifice of the millions of Americans who were de-ployed overseas. The site has been managed as a New York State Historic Site since 1949 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1970. The special resource study author-ized by this bill will look into the best available options for the continued preservation and management of Fort Ontario, including the possibility of turning it into a unit of the National Park System. Fort Ontario has had many uses throughout our Nation’s history, and it has had a particularly relevant place in the story of Jewish Americans. As we work to ensure that our public lands tell the story of all Americans, Fort Ontario and its unique story will be a fitting addition. I thank Representative K
ATKO , the sponsor of this bill, for bringing the story of Fort Ontario to our attention. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ), the author of this legislation. Mr. KATKO. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, Fort Ontario has stood on the shores of Lake Ontario in Oswego, New York, since 1755. For the past 63 years, the fort has been pre-served as a New York State Historic Site, serving as a cultural and historic landmark for Oswego County and the entire region. I am proud to stand here today in support of this legislation which would take the crucial step towards ensuring this historic site receives the national recognition it deserves. The Fort On-tario Study Act would commission a special resource study of Fort Ontario to evaluate the site’s national signifi-cance and determine the suitability of its designation as a part of the Na-tional Park System. The history of Fort Ontario is truly unique within the National Park Sys-tem and within our Nation as a whole. The fort has been involved in nearly every major American war from the French and Indian War to World War II. From 1944 to 1946, under a declara-tion by President Franklin Roosevelt, the fort served as the Nation’s only emergency refugee camp, providing shelter to over 900 refugees who fled the Holocaust—a truly unique designa-tion. The site now hosts the Safe Haven Holocaust Refugee Shelter Mu-seum, which preserves the stories of these refugees, the tragedies they faced, and, eventually, the freedom and safety they gained right here in the United States. Fort Ontario has become an impor-tant tourist attraction in central New York, drawing visitors from across the State, the country, and, indeed, throughout the world. Preserving this location as a national park will not only better preserve the history of the fort, but there will also be the poten-tial to grow tourism and boost our re-gional economy. I am very honored to introduce this legislation that recognizes the impor-tant history of the fort and to credit this important step to the local cham-pions who have worked tirelessly to preserve the history of the site, includ-ing the Friends of Fort Ontario, Paul Lear with New York State Parks, the board of the Safe Haven Holocaust Ref-ugee Shelter Museum—a great group of individuals—and the many volunteers who give their time to this cause. b1715 I want to thank fellow New York Representatives, Congressman HANNA  and Congresswoman S
LAUGHTER , who have worked with me in the House to support this effort, as well as the chair-man of the committee for working to move this important legislation. I ask all my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I just want to thank Mr. K
ATKO for his leadership on this piece 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.017 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5067 September 6, 2016 
of legislation and for bringing this to our attention and bringing this process to the floor. I urge its support. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4202, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EXEMPTING IMPORTATION AND EXPORTATION OF SEA URCHINS AND SEA CUCUMBERS FROM EN-DANGERED SPECIES ACT LI-CENSING REQUIREMENTS Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4245) to ex-empt importation and exportation of sea urchins and sea cucumbers from li-censing requirements under the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4245 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXEMPTION OF EXPORTATION OF CERTAIN ECHINODERMS AND MOL-LUSKS FROM PERMISSION AND LI-CENSING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) E XEMPTION .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice shall amend section 14.92 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, to clarify that— (1) fish or wildlife described in subsection (b) are fishery products exempt from the export per-mission requirements of section 9(d)(1) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1538(d)(1)); and (2) any person may engage in business as an exporter of such fish or wildlife without pro-curing permission under such section of that Act or an export license under subpart I of part 14 of such title. (b) C
OVERED FISH OR WILDLIFE .—The fish or wildlife referred to in subsection (a) are members of the phylum Echinodermata that are com-monly known as sea urchins and sea cucumbers, and members of the phylum Mollusca that are commonly known as squid, octopus, and cuttle-fish, including products thereof, that— (1) do not require a permit under part 16, 17, or 23 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations; (2) are harvested in waters under the jurisdic-tion of the United States or are processed in the United States; and (3) are— (A) exported for purposes of human or animal consumption; or (B) taken in waters under the jurisdiction of the United States or on the high seas for rec-reational purposes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their re-marks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4245, introduced by our Maine colleagues, CHELLIE PINGREE  and B
RUCE POLIQUIN , makes a common-sense adjustment to the Federal law to eliminate regulatory duplication. This bipartisan bill, as reported, pro-tects fishermen, small businesses, and their fresh, domestically harvested sea-food destined for export by exempting them from the duplicative U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service inspections and permits. During the legislative hearing on H.R. 4245, both sides of the aisle ex-pressed concerns over these inspec-tions, especially on sea urchin. In fact, one of our minority colleagues said it best when he called the inspections dramatic overkill. In addition, one wit-ness discussed how Federal inspection delays have spoiled shipments that cost businesses thousands of dollars. This bill removes that Federal delay. I commend our Maine colleagues for working on a bipartisan basis to ad-dress this matter. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  an exchange of letters with the chair-men of the House Ways and Means and the Foreign Affair Committees regard-ing this bill. We thank them for agree-ing to help expedite consideration on this bill today. I urge the adoption of this common-sense measure. I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, July 7, 2016. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On December 10, 2015, the Committee on Natural Resources favor-ably reported as amended H.R. 4245, to ex-empt exportation of certain echinoderms and mollusks from licensing requirements under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. This bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means and Foreign Affairs. My staff has forwarded the reported text to your committee for review. Based on this text, I ask that you allow the Committee on Ways and Means to be dis-charged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Ma-jority Leader. This discharge in no way af-fects your jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter of the bill, and it will not serve as prece-dent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Ways and Means represented on the con-ference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any re-sponse in the bill report filed by the Com-mittee on Natural Resources to memorialize our understanding, as well as in the Congres-sional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request, and I look forward to further oppor-tunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, July 7, 2016. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BISHOP : Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 4245, to exempt the importation and exportation of sea ur-chins and sea cucumbers from licensing re-quirements under the Endangered Species Act. As you note, the Committee on Ways and Means was granted an additional refer-ral. I appreciate your willingness to work with my Committee on this legislation. In order to allow H.R. 4245 to move expeditiously to the House floor, I agree to waive formal con-sideration of this bill. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing con-sideration on H.R. 4245 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject mat-ter contained in this or similar legislation. and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congres-sional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, August 30, 2016. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On December 10, 2015, the Committee on Natural Resources favor-ably reported as amended H.R. 4245, to ex-empt exportation of certain echinoderms and mollusks from licensing requirements under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. This bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and Ways and Means. My staff has forwarded the reported text to your committee for review. Based on this text, I ask that you allow the Committee on Foreign Affairs to be dis-charged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Ma-jority Leader. This discharge in no way af-fects your jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter of the bill, and it will not serve as prece-dent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Foreign Affairs represented on the con-ference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any re-sponse in the bill report filed by the Com-mittee on Natural Resources to memorialize our understanding, as well as in the Congres-sional Record. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.032 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5068 September 6, 2016 
Thank you for your consideration of my request, and I look forward to further oppor-tunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, August 31, 2016. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, House Committee on Natural Re-sources, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on your committee-reported text of H.R. 4245, a bill to exempt exportation of cer-tain echinoderms and mollusks from licens-ing requirements under the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973. I agree that the Foreign Affairs Committee may be discharged from further action on this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the Floor, subject to the understanding that this waiver does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee, or prejudice its jurisdic-tional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. The Committee also reserves the right to seek an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this bill, and would appreciate your support for any such request. I ask that you place our exchange of let-ters into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with you as this measure moves through the legis-lative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
IN-
GREE ), the sponsor of this bill. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) for yielding the time, and I also thank my colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for speaking in support of this as well. I rise today in support of H.R. 4245, a bill that will end the practice of export inspections for sea urchin, sea cucum-bers, squid, and cuttlefish that are being shipped overseas as part of our Nation’s fisheries and fish processing industry. At the outset, I want to thank Chair-man B
ISHOP , subcommittee Chairman F
LEMING , Ranking Member G RIJALVA , and my good friend from California, Ranking Member H
UFFMAN , for their support and help in getting this bill through the committee and to the House floor today. I want to recognize my friend and colleague from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ) who has been an origi-nal cosponsor of this bill and a tireless supporter of this effort. To better understand this bill, I would like to tell you a little bit about the sea urchin industry in Maine, which is a critical part of our marine economy. Second only to California, the sea urchin industry in Maine brings over $5.4 million to our State every year and supports 600 jobs, which in-cludes harvesters up and down our beautiful coast. Companies in Maine also process ur-chins that are harvested here, as well as those from Canada and Chile, before being exported overseas. In Japan and other parts of Asia, urchins are a valu-able delicacy, known in sushi res-taurants as uni. They are also a deli-cacy here in the United States and are very highly regarded. Urchins imported to Maine from other countries are inspected by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service upon en-tering the country. Relatively re-cently, the Fish and Wildlife Service has begun inspecting the products once again before leaving the country. The policy change ended a longtime exemp-tion that urchins had received, an ex-emption that lobster and other shell-fish continue to receive. Over 18 months ago, I started hearing from urchin processors in Maine who reported problems with this recent change. Sometimes the urchins sat in a hot warehouse in New York—usually at the JFK Airport—for days waiting for an inspection, possibly resulting in the loss of a very valuable and highly per-ishable product. Since these are such a perishable product, despite the harvesters’ and processors’ speedy work to get the ur-chins ready for shipment, once they reached the inspection point in New York, they often came to a halt. I immediately started working with the Fish and Wildlife Service to try and find a solution. Even though we haven’t always seen eye to eye with the Fish and Wildlife Service, they have been very willing to hear our con-cerns, work with us on particular prob-lems, and try to make things easier on our harvesters and processors. We had a very recent example. Last Friday afternoon, my office received a call from an urchin processor who had $50,000 worth of product soon to be sit-ting at the JFK Airport. The Fish and Wildlife Service had closed this Friday, meaning that the urchins would be left over a 3-day weekend. We were able to get it cleared, but it was a very close call. Stories like this make it clear that the only real solution is to get rid of this duplicative inspection, and this is what this bill would do. After working with the Fish and Wildlife Service, talking to urchin har-vesters, and visiting a processing plant in my district, I firmly believe that these extra inspections are unneces-sary. There is no reason why sea ur-chins should be treated differently than shellfish. These burdensome inspections create a great deal of risk for valuable exports and too much uncertainty for a job-cre-ating industry. As communities on the Atlantic and Pacific coasts deal with challenges to commercial fishing and working waterfronts, it is critical that Congress do everything it can to sup-port successful industries like sea ur-chins in Maine or squid and cuttlefish in California, Rhode Island, and other States. I am very proud to have introduced this bipartisan legislation, and I en-courage my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4245, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to exempt expor-tation of certain echinoderms and mol-lusks from licensing requirements under the Endangered Species Act of 1973.’’. 
f 
ESTABLISHMENT OF A VISITOR SERVICES FACILITY ON THE AR-LINGTON RIDGE TRACT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4789) to au-thorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish a structure for visitor serv-ices on the Arlington Ridge tract, in the area of the U.S. Marine Corps War Memorial, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4789 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DEFINITION. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘Arlington Ridge tract’’ means the parcel of Federal land lo-cated in Arlington County, Virginia, known as the Nevius Tract and transferred to the Department of the Interior in 1953, that is bounded generally by— (1) Arlington Boulevard (United States Route 50) to the north; (2) Jefferson Davis Highway (Virginia Route 110) to the east; (3) Marshall Drive to the south; and (4) North Meade Street to the west. 
SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF A VISITOR SERVICES FACILITY ON THE ARLINGTON RIDGE TRACT. 
Notwithstanding section 2863(g) of Public Law 107–107, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to construct a structure for vis-itor services to include a public restroom fa-cility on the Arlington Ridge tract in the area of the U.S. Marine Corps War Memorial. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legisla-tive days to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on the bill under consideration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.051 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5069 September 6, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the United States Ma-rine Corps War Memorial in Arlington, Virginia, honors the many members of the Marine Corps who have given their lives fighting for our country. This is one of the most popular memorials in the area, attracting over 1 million visi-tors annually and hosting several pop-ular events, such as the Summer Sun-set Parades and the Marine Corps Mar-athon. Despite the popularity, the site only has portable toilets and no permanent bathroom facilities for visitors. This bipartisan, straightforward bill intro-duced by Congressman D
ONBEYER au-thorizes the construction of a visitor services center that includes perma-nent restroom facilities. Due to a generous donation from bil-lionaire David Rubenstein, this new visitor service center will come at no cost to the taxpayer. This new facility represents a more respectful and per-manent solution to improve visitor ex-periences at this important site. I urge the adoption of the measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4789 is an uncontroversial technical provision au-thorizing construction of a small rest-room facility on the grounds of the Ma-rine Corps Memorial, also known as the Iwo Jima Memorial. Recently, billionaire David Rubenstein donated more than $5 mil-lion to the National Park Foundation to be used for repairs and rehabilita-tion of the memorial and the sur-rounding grounds. Because of the donation, the Na-tional Park Service was able to look closely at the needs of the memorial and the visitors who come there, and one amenity it clearly lacks is public restrooms. At the moment, the only restrooms available are Park Service- supplied porta potties. With visitation steady and possibly increasing because of the memorial re-habilitation, there is a clear need to address this deficiency in visitor serv-ices, and this is especially concerning because this is a very popular destina-tion for veterans, not all of whom are able-bodied. The current statutory ban on addi-tional structures on the Marine Corps Memorial dates to 2002, and it was part of this debate over the location of the Air Force Memorial. Well, in the mean-time, the Air Force Memorial was ulti-mately located somewhere else, but we still need this legislation to authorize construction of restroom facilities. The provision has already been passed by the Senate, and I am pleased by its consideration in the House. The National Park Service has long wanted to build a small structure with water and restrooms at the Marine Corps Me-morial because there are no such facili-ties within several miles, and this is in keeping with the broader policy of im-proving accessibility of all the memo-rials on and around the National Mall. I am particularly thankful for Mr. COOK’s support in putting this together and for Mr. T
HOMPSON ’s leadership and for the chairman’s support. I urge all Members to support this bi-partisan bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4789. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1730 INNOVATION IN OFFSHORE LEASING ACT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5577) to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct offshore oil and gas lease sales through Internet- based live lease sales, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5577 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Innovation in Offshore Leasing Act’’. 
SEC. 2. INTERNET-BASED OFFSHORE OIL AND GAS LEASE SALES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Section 8 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1337) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(q) I
NTERNET -BASED OIL AND GASLEASE S
ALES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to modernize the Nation’s offshore leasing program to ensure the best return to the Federal taxpayer, reduce fraud, and ensure a fair and competitive leasing process, the Secretary may conduct lease sales under this section through Internet-based, sealed-bidding methods. ‘‘(2) S
ALE REQUIREMENTS .—Sales conducted under paragraph (1) shall ensure— ‘‘(A) a publicly and freely accessible digital delivery of the bid reading process, such as live Internet streaming, and an option for bidders to submit bids electronically; ‘‘(B) a bidder verification process that dis-closes to bidders, by no later than 5 p.m. Central Time of the day before each sale, a list of all bids submitted (including the person submitting each bid) on each lease tract without disclosing bid amounts; ‘‘(C) the ability for a bidder to correct a pos-sible misreading of a submitted bid; ‘‘(D) a designee from within the Office of the Solicitor of the Department of the Interior to act as an independent, third-party observer who will be present during the bid reading process to prevent wrongdoing, independently certify the bidding process, and maintain transparency; ‘‘(E) data security measures to ensure bidder data is kept secure; and ‘‘(F) a participant survey soliciting voluntary feedback from bidders on the bidding process. ‘‘(3) TRANSPARENCY IN SALE -DAY STATISTICS .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary shall pub-licly disclose statistical data regarding each lease sale under this subsection, on the day the sale is executed. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUDED DATA .—Among data disclosed, the Secretary shall include— ‘‘(i) the total value of high bids; ‘‘(ii) the number of tracts offered; ‘‘(iii) the number of acres offered; ‘‘(iv) the number of tracts receiving bids; ‘‘(v) the number of acres receiving bids; ‘‘(vi) the total number of bids; ‘‘(vii) the average number of bids per tract; ‘‘(viii) the total number of bidders partici-pating; ‘‘(ix) bidding statistics by water depth; ‘‘(x) the name of the entity that submitted each bid, the amount of the bid, and the tract for which the bid was submitted; ‘‘(xi) of tracts receiving bids, the number of bids per tract by water depth; ‘‘(xii) the tract receiving the greatest number of bids; ‘‘(xiii) the tract receiving the highest bid; and ‘‘(xiv) any other statistical data that may be disclosed in accordance with this Act. ‘‘(C) D
ATA TRANSPARENCY .—The Secretary shall ensure all data regarding lease sales under this subsection is publicly available and easily accessible, free of charge, on the Internet, in-cluding for download and aggregation in ma-chine-readable format.’’. (b) M
ODERNIZING LEASING THROUGH COLLABO -
RATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Before conducting the first Internet-based lease sale under the amendment made by this section, the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall issue a request for information from each company present for bidding at the ten most recent oil and gas lease sales conducted by the Secretary under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, in order to provide the bidding pub-lic sufficient opportunity to share innovative ideas, methods, and concerns regarding Inter-net-based leasing. (2) I
NTEGRATION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary shall review, evaluate, and integrate sug-gestions and concerns collected under para-graph (1) as the Secretary works to modernize the offshore leasing process through Internet- based leasing options. (3) U
SER WORKSHOP .—The Secretary shall conduct not less than one user workshop with viable bidders prior to conducting an Internet- based lease sale to provide the bidding public with an opportunity to beta test any prototype of an Internet-based leasing platform. (c) D
EADLINE FOR GULF OF MEXICO LEASE S
ALE.—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall conduct at least one Internet- based lease sale under the amendment made by subsection (a) for leasable acreage in the Gulf of Mexico. (d) E
VALUATING INTERNET -BASED OFFSHORE  L
EASING .—Not later than 90 days after the third Internet-based lease sale conducted under the amendment made by subsection (a), the Sec-retary of the Interior shall analyze all such Internet-based lease sales and transmit to Con-gress a thorough analysis of the sales. The anal-ysis shall include— (1) estimates of increases or decreases in such lease sales, compared to sales conducted by non- Internet-based bidding, in— (A) the number of bidders; (B) the average amount of bids; (C) the highest bid; and (D) the lowest bid; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.037 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5070 September 6, 2016 
(2) an estimate of the total cost or savings to the Department of the Interior as a result of such sales, compared to sales conducted by non- Internet-based bidding; (3) voluntary and anonymous feedback from persons participating in such sales, on the Internet-based leasing process and potential areas for improvement in such sales; and (4) an evaluation of the demonstrated or ex-pected effectiveness of different structures for lease sales that may provide an opportunity to better maximize bidder participation, ensure the highest return to the Federal taxpayers, mini-mize opportunities for fraud or collusion, and ensure the security and integrity of the leasing process. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legisla-tive days to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5577, introduced by Congressman G
ARRET GRAVES , will in-crease transparency and efficiency re-garding the Federal Government’s cur-rent process for conducting lease sales while also saving Federal tax dollars in the development of oil and gas on the Outer Continental Shelf. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ), the author of the bill. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, my fourth grader’s homework is online. We go up on a Web site and pull down homework. My ninth grader can check out books from the library and download it to his Kin-dle. Our 6-year-old takes my iPhone and sends text messages, unbeknownst to me, to her aunts and uncles. Every-thing is now evolving to online—every-thing is. Mr. Speaker, the reality is that there is this reputation that the Federal Government has that we are incredibly inefficient and behind the times, and unfortunately that reality is well earned. Everything is going online now. We can go on different Web sites and have things delivered to our homes the same day or the next day. We can order things online and go to stores and go pick them up. That is how the world is evolving, and what the online presence does is it provides for trans-parency. Now, this bill addresses offshore lease sales. What are offshore lease sales? That is the second largest revenue stream for the United States Treasury after taxes. It is a huge revenue stream. By some estimates, it has ex-ceeded $200 billion in revenues for the United States Treasury. What this bill is designed to do is to bring us into the 21st century, to allow for potential bidders to go online to broaden access, to allow for the tax-payer’s resource, the American public’s resource, to have more bidders, to have more competition to ultimately make sure that the full value of that re-source is realized by taxpayers. I very much appreciate the gen-tleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ), my good friend, being our lead cosponsor on this bill, showing that this is a bipartisan bill, that we have strong support from very diverse ideologies across the country. Mr. Speaker, I just want to reiterate the fact that this simply puts it online. It simply allows for better access for information. This is an asset that be-longs to the American public. It is worth billions and billions of dollars. It should have transparency in how the process takes place, in the amount that bidders put forth, the amount that bid-ders bid for different auctions or lease sales. I think it is very important. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I also want to make note of this. What this does, this whole transparency and openness and improved value and competition, it complements the public process be-cause, Mr. Speaker, related to this last lease sale, lease sale 248, there were 18 opportunities for public participation, public comment, public meetings, 18 separate opportunities through the de-velopment of the lease sale, the devel-opment of the EIS, the development of the 5-year plan. So this complements all of that transparency and doesn’t allow this to be done only by folks who can afford to go buy a plane ticket and go down into this facility, but that ev-eryone can participate; and it allows for that public access to this last stage in the process that complements this very open and transparent process that takes place prior to. So, Mr. Speaker, I want to urge sup-port for H.R. 5577. I think this is in the best interest of taxpayers. This is in the best interest of transparency and, certainly, the public. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. H.R. 5577 is a bipartisan bill, intro-duced by two of my colleagues on the Committee on Natural Resources, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ), and the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). It really would bring the offshore oil and gas leasing system into the 21st century. Last month the Department of the Interior took one step in that direction by streaming the opening of leasing bids live on the Web. However, compa-nies still submitted their bids by stick-ing them in an envelope and mailing them. This bill would direct Interior to start moving that process online and to provide much more transparency by ensuring that the public has access to all the data from these sales in ma-chine-readable and downloadable for-mat. H.R. 5577 will also ensure that people across the country can follow these sales in real time. I commend the spon-sor of this bill for their efforts to im-prove government operations. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge passage of this measure. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5577, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 36 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair an-nounces to the House that, in light of the resignation of the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. W
HITFIELD ), the whole number of the House is 432. 
f 
EXPRESSING THE CONDOLENCES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES ON THE DEATH OF THE HONORABLE MARK TAKAI, A REPRESENTATIVE FROM THE STATE OF HAWAII Ms. GABBARD. Madam Speaker, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 841 Resolved, That the House has heard with profound sorrow of the death of the Honor-able Mark Takai, a Representative from the State of Hawaii. Resolved, That the Clerk communicate these resolutions to the Senate and transmit a copy thereof to the family of the deceased. Resolved, That when the House adjourns today, it adjourn as a further mark of re-spect to the memory of the deceased. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.019 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5071 September 6, 2016 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 5578, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 3881, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
SURVIVORS’ BILL OF RIGHTS ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5578) to establish certain rights for sexual assault survivors, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 399, nays 0, not voting 32, as follows: 
[Roll No. 479] YEAS—399 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—32 
Bass Boustany Brady (TX) Brown (FL) Butterfield Calvert Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Cramer Crenshaw DesJarlais Duckworth Grijalva Gutie´rrez Johnson, Sam Kelly (IL) Kind Kirkpatrick Lieu, Ted Long Miller (MI) Nugent Palazzo Poe (TX) Reichert Richmond Ross Ruppersberger Rush Sanchez, Loretta Sinema b1851 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico changed her vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN REMEM-BRANCE OF THE LATE HONOR-ABLE MARK TAKAI (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, over the past few weeks, the people of Ha-waii and our colleagues have cele-brated the life and service of our friend and colleague, Congressman Mark Takai, in a series of memorials, reli-gious services, and community events. Leader P
ELOSI led a congressional dele-gation, including many of the Members who are standing with me today, to Ha-waii, where we visited with Mark’s wife, Sami, and his children, Matthew and Kaila, as well as with his parents and siblings, and shared with them the memories that we made with Mark and the impact that he had on our country during his service here in the U.S. Con-gress. I thank Mark’s family on behalf of all of us for opening their hearts to us and sharing Mark with us. He touched the lives of so many people throughout his life of service as a Pearl City High School athlete and student organizing voter registration drives, as the presi-dent of Associated Students of the Uni-versity of Hawaii at Manoa, rep-resenting Hawaii’s 34th House district for 20 years in the State legislature, his 17 years of service as a soldier in the Hawaii Army National Guard, and, most recently, serving Hawaii’s First Congressional District. I had the good fortune of serving with Mark over the years in the State legislature, in the National Guard, and here in Congress. Like all of you, when I think of Mark, I will always remem-ber his ready smile, his deep laugh, and, most of all, his heart of aloha. No matter where he was or in what capac-ity, Mark always kept his service to Hawaii’s people at the forefront of all that he did. While he served just 18 months here in Congress, the impact that he made and the aloha spirit that he embodied will live on in Hawaii and in these Halls forever. As we remember our friend, our col-league, may we carry this aloha spirit in our hearts as we gather together to do the people’s work. Mr. Speaker, I ask for a moment of silence to honor the life and service of Congressman Mark Takai. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:13 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\SEP2016\H06SE6.REC H06SE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5072 September 6, 2016 
The SPEAKER. All present will rise for a moment of silence. 
f 
COOPERATIVE MANAGEMENT OF MINERAL RIGHTS ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER. Without objection, 5- minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The unfinished busi-ness is the vote on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3881) to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to repeal provisions relating only to the Allegheny National Forest, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 395, nays 3, not voting 33, as follows: 
[Roll No. 480] YEAS—395 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—3 
Johnson (GA) Nadler Watson Coleman 
NOT VOTING—33 
Boustany Brown (FL) Butterfield Calvert Clawson (FL) Cleaver Cramer Crenshaw DesJarlais Duckworth Grijalva Gutie´rrez Johnson, Sam Kelly (IL) Kind Kirkpatrick Lieu, Ted Long Miller (MI) Neal Nugent Palazzo Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Reichert Richmond Ross Ruppersberger Rush Sanchez, Loretta Sinema Wilson (SC) Yarmuth 
b1903 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Speaker, on rollcall votes 479 and 480 I was unable to vote as I was detained in my congressional district to attend the funeral of a dear friend. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall votes 479 and 480. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Madam Speaker, I missed the following votes during leave of ab-sence for medical reasons: ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall 479: HR.R. 5578—Survivors’ Bill of Rights Act of 2016. ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall 480: H.R. 3881—Co-operative Management of Mineral Rights Act of 2016. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5063, STOP SETTLEMENT SLUSH FUNDS ACT OF 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–724) on the resolution (H. Res. 843) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5063) to limit donations made pursuant to set-tlement agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2357, ACCELERATING ACCESS TO CAPITAL ACT OF 2016, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5424, INVESTMENT AD-VISERS MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–725) on the resolution (H. Res. 844) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2357) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise Form S–3 so as to add listing and registration of a class of common equity securities on a na-tional securities exchange as an addi-tional basis for satisfying the require-ments of General Instruction I.B.1. of such form and to remove such listing and registration as a requirement of General Instruction I.B.6. of such form, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5424) to amend the Invest-ment Advisers Act of 1940 and to direct the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion to amend its rules to modernize certain requirements relating to in-vestment advisers, and for other pur-poses, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ARDY ). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on the additional motion to suspend the rules on which a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:53 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.045 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5073 September 6, 2016 
recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Any record vote on the postponed question will be taken later. 
f 
BLACK HILLS NATIONAL CEME-TERY BOUNDARY EXPANSION ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3839) to transfer administra-tive jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Sec-retary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3839 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
The Act may be cited as the ‘‘Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Expansion Act’’. 
SEC. 2. WITHDRAWAL AND TRANSFER OF PUBLIC LAND FOR CEMETERY USE. 
(a) D UEDILIGENCE .—Prior to the with-drawal and transfer in subsection (b), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs will complete appropriate environmental, cultural re-source and other due diligence activities on the public lands identified in subsection (c), so that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may confirm that the land is suitable for cemetery purposes. The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall notify the Secretary of the Interior of such due diligence activities prior to initiating and shall coordinate as needed during the performance of such ac-tivities. (b) W
ITHDRAWAL AND TRANSFER .—After completion of the due diligence activities in subsection (a) and upon receipt by the Sec-retary of the Interior of written confirma-tion from the Secretary of the Veterans Af-fairs that the land is suitable for cemetery purposes, and subject to valid existing rights, the public lands described in sub-section (c) shall be— (1) withdrawn from all forms of appropria-tion under the public land laws, including the mining laws, the mineral leasing laws, and the geothermal leasing laws, for as long as the lands remain under the administrative jurisdiction of the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs; (2) deemed property as defined in section 102(9) of title 40, United States Code, for as long as the lands remain under the adminis-trative jurisdiction of the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs; and (3) transferred to the administrative juris-diction of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for use as national cemeteries under chapter 24 of title 38, United States Code. (c) L
AND DESCRIPTION .—The public lands withdrawn, deemed property, and transferred under subsection (b) shall be the approxi-mately 200 acres of land adjacent to Black Hills National Cemetery, South Dakota, gen-erally depicted as ‘‘Proposed National Ceme-tery Expansion’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Pro-posed Expansion of Black Hills National Cemetery - South Dakota’’ and dated June 16, 2016, except the land located within 100 feet of the centerline of the Centennial Trail (which runs along the northern boundary of the ‘‘Proposed National Cemetery Expan-sion’’) and that is located south of the Trail. (d) BOUNDARY MODIFICATION .—Immediately after the public lands are withdrawn, deemed property, and transferred under subsection (b), the boundary of the Black Hills National Cemetery shall be modified to include the public lands identified in subsection (c). (e) M
ODIFICATION OF PUBLIC LANDORDER .— Immediately after the public lands under subsection (b) are withdrawn, deemed prop-erty, and transferred under subsection (b), Public Land Order 2112, dated June 6, 1960 (25 Fed. Reg. 5243), shall be modified to exclude the lands identified in subsection (c). 
SEC. 3. LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS. 
(a) P REPARATION OF LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS .— As soon as practicable following receipt of written confirmation from the Secretary of the Veterans Affairs that the land is suitable for cemetery purposes, the Secretary of the Interior shall publish in the Federal Register a notice containing the legal descriptions of the public lands withdrawn, deemed prop-erty, and transferred under section 2(b). (b) L
EGAL EFFECT .—The legal descriptions prepared under subsection (a) shall have the same force and effect as if the legal descrip-tions were included in this Act, except that the Secretary of the Interior may correct any clerical and typographical errors in the legal descriptions. (c) A
VAILABILITY .—Copies of the map re-ferred to in section 2(c) and the legal descrip-tions prepared under subsection (a) shall be available for public inspection in the appro-priate offices of— (1) the Bureau of Land Management; and (2) the National Cemetery Administration. (d) C
OSTS.—The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall reimburse the Secretary of the In-terior for reasonable costs incurred by the Secretary of the Interior in implementing this section, including the costs of any sur-veys. 
SEC. 4. RESTORATION TO PUBLIC LANDS FOR NON-CEMETERY USE. 
(a) N OTICE AND EFFECT .—Upon a deter-mination by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs that all or a portion of the lands with-drawn, deemed property, and transferred under section 2 shall not be used for ceme-tery purposes, the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall notify the Secretary of the Inte-rior of such determination. Subject to sub-sections (b) and (c), the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall transfer administrative jurisdiction of the lands subject to such no-tice to the Secretary of the Interior. (b) D
ECONTAMINATION .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall be responsible for costs of any decontamination of the lands re-sulting from contamination on the lands withdrawn, deemed property, and transferred under section 2(b) while the Secretary of Veterans Affairs exercised jurisdiction over those lands subject to a notice under sub-section (a) determined by the Secretary of the Interior to be necessary for the lands to be restored to the public lands. (c) R
ESTORATION TO THE PUBLIC LANDS .— The lands subject to a notice under sub-section (a) shall only be restored to the pub-lic lands upon acceptance by the Secretary of the Interior and a determination by the Secretary of the Interior that such lands are suitable for restoration to the public lands and operation of one or more of the public land laws. (d) O
PENING ORDER .—If the Secretary of the Interior accepts the lands subject to such a notice and determines that the lands are suitable for restoration, in whole or in part, the Secretary of the Interior may open the lands to operation of one or more of the pub-lic land laws and may issue an order to that effect. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This is a unique bill, and I rise in strong support of the Black Hills Na-tional Cemetery Boundary Expansion Act that is offered by the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM). This bill is one of those things that actually helps people. Instead of being bureaucratically stuck in the predica-ment that we are, this will transfer from BLM 200 acres, roughly, to the Department of Veterans Affairs so they can actually have an expanded ceme-tery there for Native Americans. This is one of those things where we are ac-tually doing something good to help people, and it takes a piece of legisla-tion to allow that to happen when it should have been done administra-tively. At this point, I include in the R
ECORD  an exchange of letters with Chairman J
EFFMILLER of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and thank him and his staff for their cooperation in scheduling this particular bill. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 6, 2016. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. D
EAR MR. ROB: I am writing to you con-cerning H.R. 3839, the Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Expansion Act. There are certain provisions in the legislation which fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. In the interest of permitting your com-mittee to proceed expeditiously to floor con-sideration of this important bill, I am will-ing to waive this committee’s right to se-quential referral. I do so with the under-standing that by waiving consideration of the bill, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill which fall within its Rule X jurisdic-tion. I request that you urge the Speaker to name members of this committee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 3839 and into the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you. Sincerely, J
EFFMILLER , Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:53 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.047 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5074 September 6, 2016 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, July 7, 2016. Hon. J
EFFMILLER , Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On June 15, 2016, the Committee on Natural Resources ordered fa-vorably reported as amended H.R. 3839, the Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Ex-pansion Act, by unanimous consent. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources, with an additional refer-ral to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. I thank you for allowing the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future refer-rals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support having the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include your letter and this response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources to memori-alize our understanding, as well as in the Congressional Record when the bill is consid-ered by the House. Thank you for your response and coopera-tion. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I yield such time as she may consume to the gen-tlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM), who is a sponsor of this bill. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3839, the Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Expan-sion Act. I want to thank the chairman of the committee and his staff for help-ing to move this bill through the House and the agencies involved for their con-structive input. Their support means so much to me, to our veterans, and to all of their families as well. Those who have served, and the fami-lies that have sacrificed beside them, deserve our Nation’s eternal gratitude. Since 1948, the Black Hills National Cemetery has been but one way that this appreciation is shown. The cemetery currently covers around 100 acres of land and is home to the Korean Veterans War Memorial. Most importantly, its peaceful land-scape serves as the final resting place for hundreds of servicemembers and their families. Chief David Beautiful Bald Eagle is among the brave men and women bur-ied there. Born in a tepee in 1919, Chief Bald Eagle served our country in World War II as a paratrooper and one of the legendary Lakota code talkers. We lost him earlier this summer, but his life continues to be an inspiration to the Lakota people and to those who knew him. Brigadier General Richard E. Ells-worth is also laid to rest there. This is a man who flew 400 combat missions during Word War II and earned numer-ous medals. He returned to the U.S., where he eventually became wing com-mander of the Rapid City Air Force Base. In 1953, that base was renamed to Ellsworth Air Force Base in his honor. We honor the legacy of those vet-erans and many others at the Black Hills National Cemetery, but the facil-ity will not have the room it needs to continue serving future veterans with-out expansion. This bill will allow that expansion by transferring around 200 acres of adjacent land near Sturgis, South Dakota, from the Bureau of Land Management’s jurisdiction to the Department of Veterans Affairs. My office has worked with these agencies and stakeholders in crafting the legislation, and all agree that this land transfer is necessary. The transfer of this land will provide the Black Hills National Cemetery with the additional burial space that it needs and assure today’s veterans and servicemembers, as well as their families, that we will be able to uphold our commitment and offer this Nation’s eternal gratitude for all that they have done. Again, I thank the committee and the chairman and my colleagues for supporting this bill, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. As a fellow Representative of the West, I join my colleagues from Utah and South Dakota in support of this bill. Whenever we need to make an al-teration to Federal land, whether it is the U.S. Forest Service or the Bureau of Land Management, it frequently re-quires an actual bill to go through this entire process—the House, the Senate, and the President’s signature. I have had to do that a number of times and worked with our chairman on a number of bills important to my district. Now we have one that is not only of impor-tance to South Dakotans, but impor-tant to veterans nationally. This bill provides the Veterans Administration with 200 acres of Federal land that is managed by the BLM to expand the Black Hills National Cemetery. As we know, national cemeteries are reserved for brave men and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice while serving in the military, and it is impor-tant that we have space to meet those interment requests. Our veterans have served their country, and they deserve to permanently rest in a cemetery that honors their sacrifice and commitment to the ideals that hold us together as a nation. It so happens that the BLM land that this bill would transfer abuts the cur-rent cemetery. The BLM and the VA determined that only Congress can pro-vide the permanent jurisdiction trans-fer necessary for this expansion. Again, that is not uncommon to actually bring bills before Congress for land ex-changes or border extensions. That is why we are discussing this bipartisan, commonsense bill, and I urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting it. Ex-panding the Black Hills National Cem-etery is a noble and worthy cause. It deserves our support. I want to thank Representative N
OEM of South Dakota for bringing this issue forward and for all of her hard work in guiding this bill through committee and, hopefully, shortly, through the United States Congress. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, once again, this is a great bill. Without this bill, they run out of space. With this bill, we continue to actually help people, which is one of the reasons why Congress exists, to do good things for people. I urge my colleagues to adopt this measure. I yield back the balance of my time. b1915 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3839, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ZIKA THREAT TO SOUTH FLORIDA (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 39th day since local transmission of the Zika virus via mos-quitoes was confirmed in my area of south Florida on July 29, 39 days since it was obvious that much more needed to be done to confront the threat that Zika posed to U.S. citizens here at home. And yet here we are with 56 lo-cally acquired cases of Zika in Miami- Dade County, 7 of them having been confirmed just today—today, Mr. Speaker. There are 2,686 travel-related cases across the continental U.S. Federal funding is needed now to help those born with congenital Zika infec-tions, such as Micaela Mendoza. Every day since her birth in July, Micaela and her parents have waited to learn more about the extent of her complica-tions from Zika because so little is still to be known about the virus. Mr. Speaker, how many more days will south Florida families have to wait for a comprehensive response package from the Federal Government? We have waited too long. Send in the cavalry. 
f 
GLOBAL WARMING IS REAL (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I am dressed in a seersucker suit. Most peo-ple from the South would recognize that, and traditionally people from the country and the South and the fashion industry would say you are not sup-posed to wear seersucker after Labor Day and before Memorial Day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.049 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5075 September 6, 2016 
But this year, according to NASA, is going to be the hottest year on record ever since the 1880s, when we started keeping records. Each of the first 6 months of the year have been the hot-test months in history, according to NASA. Global warming is real, and we are going to be wearing these seersucker suits into October, and we will be starting to wear them in April, prob-ably around the first of April to coin-cide with April Fool’s Day, because for those people who don’t think there is global warming, all they have got to do is go out in the weather before Memo-rial Day or after Labor Day in some-thing other than seersucker and they will realize that global warming is real. Climate change is with us. The oceans will rise; land will disappear. Miami Beach is too nice. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JAMES DAVIS’ CON-TRIBUTIONS TO PENNSYLVANIA AGRICULTURE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, in August I was proud to recognize someone from Pennsylva-nia’s Fifth Congressional District who made a big contribution to the Com-monwealth’s largest industry—agri-culture. James Davis was the recipient of the Huntingdon County Pomona Grange #6 Community Service Award. Mr. Davis has been a strong advocate for agriculture over the past 50 years. As a child, he attended a one-room schoolhouse before graduating from Ju-niata Valley High School and later earning a degree in agricultural sciences from Penn State University and a master of arts degree from West Virginia University. He dedicated his life to agriculture education, teaching in Butler, Leb-anon, Fulton, and Franklin Counties. He also taught agriculture, science, math, social studies, and English in Ju-niata Valley School District, later be-coming an elementary principal. Along with his brother, he has oper-ated the Peaceful Terrain Farm, which has been in the Davis family since 1832. Jim continues to serve as a volunteer in his community and is an enthusi-astic mentor for countless youth across Huntingdon County. Congratulations, Jim. You have earned it. 
f 
ACTION TO REDUCE GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, during this summer’s historically long 53-day re-cess, I heard from many in New York’s capital region about Congress’ failure to pass commonsense gun violence pre-vention measures. They wonder why nothing will be done after 93 days, the period between Memorial Day and Labor Day, where we witnessed unfathomable horrors like the worst mass shooting in modern American history in Orlando, law en-forcement’s deadliest day since 9/11 in Dallas, and a gun homicide death toll of 4,100 Americans around the country. This is way beyond unacceptable. Each new report of a shooting, re-gardless of its scale, begs the question: What will it take for the House leader-ship to finally bring legislation to the floor that addresses the root cause of these tragedies? With more than 90 percent of Ameri-cans demanding congressional action to reduce gun violence, I am certain my colleagues on the other side heard similar requests from their constitu-ents last month, imploring all of us to take a stand against the national gun lobby and to fight to make all of our communities safer places in which to live. I urge my colleagues to listen to these voices and to join House Demo-crats in debating and ultimately pass-ing legislation that will prevent dan-gerous individuals from purchasing firearms. f 
INDIANA BICENTENNIAL TORCH RELAY (Mr. ROKITA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Indiana Bicen-tennial Torch Relay, which will kick off in Indiana this Friday. 2016 marks two centuries of statehood for my great State, and this relay will see the bicentennial torch—designed, by the way, by the Fourth District’s own Pur-due University engineering students— carried through every one of our 92 counties. Along with other Hoosiers, I will have the honor of carrying the torch on Wednesday, October 12, in Fountain County. I am excited for the chance to be involved in this unique and privi-leged event. This relay will last for over a month, with the route ending at the statehouse on October 15, just in time for the dedication of Bicentennial Plaza, a brand-new public space for both Hoosiers and visitors to enjoy year round. I want to thank the Bicentennial Commission and each member’s great leadership for all they have done to make our State’s bicentennial year memorable for generations to come. 
f 
IT IS TIME WE LISTEN AND ACT (Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, before heading to the airport earlier today, I met with a group of mothers from the Massachusetts chapter of Moms De-mand Action. Even in a State with some of the strictest gun laws in the country, head-lines of lives lost or forever altered by gun violence are commonplace: ‘‘Bos-ton shooting gravely injures man’’; ‘‘Two dead, two injured overnight in Boston shootings’’; ‘‘11-year-old boy shot in the face in Abington home’’— all these from the last 2 weeks alone. In the time since we have last voted in this Chamber, guns have taken the lives of thousands of Americans in every corner of this country; and in the weeks to come, they will take thou-sands more. You cannot tell me we are powerless as men, women, and children carry the wounds of our inaction. You cannot tell me that the answer to this blood-shed is more guns capable of causing greater damage with less regulation; and you cannot tell grieving families that they are just in our thoughts and prayers, but that their memories are just not strong enough to spur action that could prevent another gun from falling into the wrong hands. Mothers and fathers, sons and daugh-ters, friends and colleagues are crying out for this body to address this Na-tion’s epidemic of gun violence. It is time we listen and act. f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF CALEB SCHWAB (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart. I would like to honor the memory of Caleb Schwab, who tragically died last month in an accident at a water park in my dis-trict. Just 10 years old, Caleb was the amazing son of my good friends Michele and Scott Schwab, whom I have known for years, and Scott and I served together in the Kansas Legisla-ture. Words cannot express how heart-broken I am for them and their boys in this time of devastation. There may be no greater loss in life than a parent losing a child. Children are supposed to bury their parents, and no parent should ever have to bury their own child. Caleb will always be remembered for his love of sports, kindness toward oth-ers, and the joy he received from his deep love of the Lord. His parents and brothers will always remember the same question that came out of Caleb’s mouth every day: ‘‘Can I go out and play?’’ Caleb, we will love life to the fullest in your memory, and we know you are playing in heaven. Mr. Speaker, may God bless Scott, Michele, and their family, and may ev-eryone please keep them in your thoughts and prayers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.050 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5076 September 6, 2016 
LET’S STOP PLAYING POLITICS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, over the August work recess, I met with many constituents, but I also met with my regional Zika task force that included health professionals from the public and private sector who recognize the devastation of the Zika virus. In the continental United States, there are over 2,000 cases. Over 600 pregnant mothers have been impacted by the Zika virus with yet unborn chil-dren, and then there are about 30-plus cases of transmission right here in the United States. And yet tonight the other body failed to pass the Zika fund-ing. Now is the time. My committee was very constructive. Dr. Persse from the city of Houston talked about surveillance of those com-ing into their clinics to determine whether they have been impacted by fever and a rash. We have talked about the vaccine and also a Zika act to be able to give information to those who are in need of knowing how to prevent it. Yet the funding is not here. Why? Be-cause we cannot pass a clean Zika funding, emergency funding, without riders. Let’s stop playing politics. Pass the Zika funding. The health professionals insist on it. People are dying. 
f 
REMOVING REDUNDANT RED TAPE (Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, there are millions of Americans across our country who are frustrated that Repub-licans and Democrats are not working together to get things done. Well, I can tell you that is not the case, Mr. Speaker, in the great State of Maine. During the past 6 months, I have worked very hard with Congresswoman C
HELLIE PINGREE , a Democrat, who rep-resents our First District in Maine. I am a Republican representing our Sec-ond District. Together we have ushered through a very important bill, Mr. Speaker, that removes redundant and harmful red tape from being imposed upon 650 hardworking Mainers who harvest and process sea urchins and cu-cumbers from the ocean floor. Now, unlike lobsters, Mr. Speaker, that are caught in traps up in Maine, sea urchins and cucumbers are col-lected on the bottom of the sea floor by those who dive in the cold, dark waters. It is a very dangerous job, and the product is a delicacy in the Far East, but it is very perishable. Now already, Mr. Speaker, Maine of-ficials inspect sea cucumbers and ur-chins before they leave the State, but the last couple years, U.S. Fish and Wildlife folks down in New York are imposing additional red tape before they can get on cargo planes. Mr. Speaker, I would like to say that I am proud of the Maine commonsense, bipartisan bill that removes this redun-dant red tape from 650 people who work as hard as anyone you can find. f 
JUDGE POE IS CONFIDENT HE WILL BEAT CANCER (Mr. GOHMERT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, while most of us have been working around in our districts trying to assist others in their lives, one of our number, who is one of the most dedicated public servants in the world, has been fighting leukemia. That is our friend Judge T
ED P
OE. He sends this message: ‘‘This summer, while Congress has been out of session, I have undergone treatment here in Houston for leu-kemia. Fortunately, just 8 weeks into treatment, I am feeling like myself again and am confident I will beat can-cer. Incredible progress has been made so far thanks to the good Lord and the world-class team physicians at MD An-derson. ‘‘Tomorrow I will return to Wash-ington for votes and then be present for as much of the fall session as my treat-ment schedule will allow. The support I have received during this difficult time has been overwhelming.’’ He goes on to say: ‘‘Thank you for your continued thoughts and prayers. This September, during Leukemia Awareness Month, I intend to keep fighting the disease with all that I have while fighting for Texans in the House of Representatives just as I al-ways have. ‘‘And that is just the way it is.’’ 
f 
b1930 STOP THE SLAUGHTER OF CHRISTIANS IN THE MIDDLE EAST (Mr. ROHRABACHER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, as we stand here today, let us remember that the slaughter of Christians in the Middle East continues. The slaughter by radical Islamic terrorists continues as we do our business as usual. We have a President who is even unable to use the words ‘‘radical Islamic terrorists,’’ which could have something to do with the fact that we have had policies that have failed to stop this historic slaugh-ter of Christians in the Middle East. This group has declared jihad on the West and has begun their gruesome bloodletting by targeting Christians in the Middle East for genocide. Again, this administration has failed to do anything to stop the slaughter. Those people who have been permitted into our country from that part of the world, overwhelmingly, have been Mus-lims and not Christians. It is time for Congress to act. We have not done our job. We have failed as well. We need to pass legislation. I have submitted such legislation that says that, from now on, in that part of the world where Christians have been targeted for genocide, they will be given preference for any refugee status or immigration status into the United States. At the very least, we can do this to stop this slaughter of Christians in the Middle East. f 
STUDENT LOAN DEBT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, as I was flying to Washington from Cali-fornia today, I recalled conversations I had over the weekend with a group of students who are headed back to school at the universities in California and other parts of the Nation. To an individual, I asked them: ‘‘How are you financing it? What are you going to do? Are your parents taking care of you; your grandparents?’’ In some cases, they said: ‘‘Well, they are helping a little bit, but I am going to do this with a student loan.’’ All across this Nation, young men and women and maybe some that are not so young are going back to school to continue their education, to begin it, and, in some cases, learn new skills, and they are taking out student loans. This is an incredible, incredible way in which we have now begun the financing of our higher education system. What does it amount to? Well, let me show you what it amounts to. It amounts to a whopping amount of debt. Among Americans, no other loan program exceeds the amount of student debt, except for home mortgages. It is well over a tril-lion dollars in 2014, and probably ap-proaching a trillion and a quarter dol-lars. It is a burden on not just current stu-dents, but students from yesterday and from the decades before, still carrying that burden of debt, unable to begin what used to be the normal process of a family, a car, a house, participating in the economic activities of America. But, rather, they are burdened by an extraordinary debt. And here we are in Congress, really not even paying atten-tion to this fundamental American issue. It is an economic issue for the large economy. It is macroeconomic. It is also very, very much a personal issue. Is there one of you out there in America that doesn’t have a son, a daughter, or maybe even yourself that is burdened by this student debt? You are paying interest rates that are 5, 6, 7, 8 percent and you are won-dering why, if you are able to refinance your home, why you are not able to re-finance your student debt. That is a reasonable question and one that I asked my staff and others: Why 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.052 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5077 September 6, 2016 
can’t we refinance this student debt? After all, the Federal Government is able to borrow money for 10 years at less than 2 percent. Why don’t we refi-nance those loans—that trillion dol-lars—and bring it down from 5, 6, 7, 8 percent, down to, let’s say, 2 percent, plus 1 percent for the processing costs? We could do it. It is feasible. It is possible. Oh, but it is going to cost the government. Well, yes. Right now, the government is earning a profit on the backs of those students. Over $200 bil-lion of profit will flow into the Federal Government because we, the American public, through the inaction of Con-gress, are burdening the students of America today and in the past with this incredible amount of debt. So let’s refinance it. Here are some astonishing facts that you may not know. It is $1.2 trillion— actually, more—second only to the mortgage debt. The number of bor-rowers on the average balance in-creased by 70 percent between 2004 and 2012. In other words, mostly every stu-dent is taking out loans. The average student loan debt for graduates of 2015 is $35,051, a burden that they will carry for many, many years. There are solutions, one of which sev-eral of us in Congress and the Senate have proposed, somewhat different versions, but they all amount to refi-nancing your student debt on current students who are borrowing as well as those in the past that have taken out loans. We can refinance it. Take a look here. My particular leg-islation would set all student loan in-terest rates at 3.23 percent. Actually, that was based on the 10-year cost of a Federal bond about a year ago. So it is a little less today. Save low-income borrowers thousands by delaying the interest while they are actually in school. Right now, that interest rate will continue to accrue. I was talking to a person on the air-plane today. They said: ‘‘Well, I am going to go back to school, but I can’t continue to pay off my loan just be-cause I get a hiatus.’’ I said: ‘‘Whoa, whoa. Yes, while you are in school, you don’t have to pay, but that interest clock continues to tick along the way.’’ So this legislation would say that if you are continuing your education, the interest clock stops. Also, we want to make sure that the average student can save a lot of money. It amounts to over $2,000 through the life of the loan. By the way, why does the Federal Government currently cause a cost here called the origination fee? I know if you go borrow money or refinance your mortgage, there is a fee. But why would the Federal Government charge a fee for the origination of a loan? Students go down to the student loan office at the university and they take out the loan. The cost to the Federal Government is part of that over $200 billion profit that the Federal Govern-ment has. Anyway, we have an opportunity here to address this issue. Now that ev-erybody is focused on this, let’s see what we can do. Changes to the student loan interest rates, we talked about this. If you are a graduate student, it is over 6 percent and so forth. We can bring it down to less than 3 percent based upon today’s rates. There are other people that are in-volved in this effort to try to deal with the cost of education here in the United States. I want to introduce to you a friend of mine who is often on the floor as we do our East-West show, P
AUL TONKO from the State of New York. I know that he is faced with this issue in his district, as I am in mine. I represent the University of California, Davis and four different community college campuses, all of which have this problem. If he would share with us his situation in New York and what he faces in his district. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for lead-ing us in this Special Order to focus on what is a very strong concern that some in the House have for the costs of higher education. We have prided ourselves as a society on our intellect and our intellectual capacity. That has driven all sorts of entrepreneurship. It has driven new product lines, prototypes that are de-veloped. It really provides for a come-back as an economy, based on the in-tellect that we can drive into the equa-tion for us as an American society. So it is very important to be able to make certain that whatever those skills, those talents, those abilities, those likes, those passions are of stu-dents out there, that they pursue their intellectual development in a way that is not stifled or diminished by the cost of student loans. As you heard from Representative G
ARAMENDI , that loan activity—stu-dent loan debt—rivals that of auto-mobile loans and house loans. Some-thing of the caliber of $1.2 trillion in debt for student loans is not a driving factor that will build our economy. It is one that will have people paying for years and decades for the experience of a higher education. People are adjusting their dreams, they are adjusting their goals, simply by looking at what debt they can as-sume or what the salary structure may be. That is telling us we are not fitting our skill set or our intellectual ability to the most appropriate journey that we can travel as students because of the debt situation. Now, there are many things that we can do. And that was outlined. Rep-resentative G
ARAMENDI , I look at the student population in New York. I look at the wonderful institutions we have: higher ed institutions, public and pri-vate sector, a community college envi-ronment that is tremendously strong. Many will suggest that is the campus of choice these days, for economic rea-sons and for very practical reasons. So we shouldn’t limit that choice be-cause we are not open to change in this arena. We have got to side, I believe, with consumers out there—that being students and their families—making certain that items like loan forgive-ness, revisiting our loans and refi-nancing those loans so they are more affordable and forgiveness that comes for those that may start a business or a social enterprise and assistance that might be given them. I know Secretary Clinton has made mention of that in her campaign for President, making certain that in dis-tressed communities there would be loan forgiveness, I believe, by as much as $17,500, and making certain that we are utilizing the strength of our intel-lectual capacity, driven by desires of students out there that can then cham-pion the cause of the growth of our economy. But we have to be mindful of the debt with which they are saddled, that we may diminish those dreams, we may suffocate those dreams, simply by the lack of affordability of investing in one’s future. So I stand with our colleagues in the House. I stand with Representative GARAMENDI on the issue of refinancing college loans, making certain that, if you can revisit the situation for your mortgage, why not be able to go for-ward and revisit that student loan debt that you assume? Again, in Secretary Clinton’s pack-age, she speaks of the opportunity for, I believe, some 25 million borrowers in this country to be able to save upward of $2,000 on their college loan simply by refinancing at today’s rates. b1945 So there is an opportunity for us to be constructive and creative in re-sponding to the needs of our students. We have got to do that. That has to be of utmost priority in this House and in this Congress so that we can go forward and alleviate, however possible, the burden of that student loan debt. No society can continue to function ade-quately and effectively without ad-dressing the cost of that higher edu-cation. These are tools, the higher education opportunities are the tools in the kit that enable people to truly aspire to their dreams, to their goals, and to be able to utilize fully their given abili-ties that have been fostered and nur-tured and brought to the forefront. That discovery is made through K–12, and it is denying that self-discovery of what your strengths are, simply by the cost of a college loan, that is dimin-ishing that opportunity. So let’s go forward. We know what to champion here in terms of forgiveness of repayment of direction that can be fostered by the Department of Edu-cation, where there can be, again, a re-visiting of loans, refinancing those loans in a powerful way that enables us, again, to do the economically strong thing for this Nation and for in-dividual students and their families. You know, as was made mention by the gentleman from California, these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.054 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5078 September 6, 2016 
are loans that are visited not only years, but decades into the post-higher ed experience, where people are then hampered when it comes to other choices of growing a family, having a family, raising that family, maintain-ing a household. These are situations that we need to address so that the freedom of choice to these individual students is fully freedom, fully allowed to be addressed by them, as individuals who want to make choices for their future. Again, thank you, Representative G
ARAMENDI , for leading us in this Spe-cial Order. Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank the gen-tleman from New York with whom we have often on the floor talked about many, many issues, including making it in America and building a strong economy here. But a strong economy really depends upon the individuals that work in that economy, and if they are saddled with student debt, they are not able to really explore and really carry out all of their potential. So what we want to do is to address this issue. You mentioned the Presidential cam-paigns, and Secretary Clinton, she ac-tually has a very strong and robust and fulsome program dealing with the cost of education. She does have an addi-tional item beyond the debt issues, which you very well explained that she wants to pursue. She also has a pro-gram in place where all families who earn initially less than $85,000 a year would be able to go to a State univer-sity, public university in their State, at no cost, and that would then grow to $125,000 in the next 4 years. That is really extraordinary. That is pretty much like it was when I went to school a few decades ago and the University of California was lit-erally free. We had a couple of—I don’t know—$125 for the Student Union and some athletic programs, but it was tui-tion-free. Those are bygone days. But Secretary Clinton believes—and I think she is correct—that it is possible for the Federal Government to insti-tute programs that would make higher education free for those families that earn initially less than $85,000, and then growing to less than $125,000. What an enormous boom that would be to the economy. So I am excited. I am excited about the potential here in the House of Rep-resentatives. P
ETER WELCH , our col-league from Vermont, has introduced a bill that is identical to Senator W
AR-
REN’s over in the Senate, and they have a refinancing bill, similar to my bill. My bill goes a little bit further because we not only lower the cost of current students’ loans, but we go to those loans that are on the books. So we can deal with this. We have the ability and the economic strength in this Nation to deal with it. I know you may have some addi-tional comments on that, but my mind, as we were talking here and I was thinking about this Special Order hour, went to the young and the not-so- young that have student loans, but also to those that are now in their more senior years and the issues that they face in their senior years. So perhaps we can shift to that, unless you have some additional things on student loans. Mr. TONKO. Well, let me just make mention that—associating my com-ments with those that you just made about the opportunities for working families to have that tuition issue ad-dressed, I believe that would cover some 80 percent of American families, which, to me, is a tremendously strong number universe. Mr. GARAMENDI. Wow. 80 percent of American families would be able to send their kids to school without tui-tion costs. Mr. TONKO. Would be able to partici-pate in that program. I think that when we start to address those num-bers, you can imagine the impact that that would have on revitalizing our economy, producing the talent that we need. You know, I am impressed with the startup businesses that students at various campuses that I represent are being offered, these wonderful startup opportunities that are tremendously creative and innovative, and that was all triggered by—the inspiration came through work in the classroom and in labs that they may have in pursuing their degree. This is the sort of climate that you want to grow, not shrink; and that is why these opportunities for these many, many families in this Nation— to have that benefit, that is how we prosper. Also, when we talk about Secretary Clinton’s plan, I believe it is that there is the proposal to make certain that community colleges be free for all fam-ilies, for all working families, making certain that we are in compliance with what the President has suggested many times over during his administration, the sought-for degree, that working knowledge of an associate’s degree, where there is oftentimes hands-on ex-perience through that matriculation. It is so important for us to recognize that community colleges oftentimes speak to the needs in an atypical fash-ion, where there may be individuals working and going to school, raising a family, going to school, keeping it close to home, so that there is afford-ability in that regard; and making cer-tain that, again, we have that need for the business community, for the com-merce community, to be met so that this hands-on training, educating, ma-triculating is made possible through the community college which often-times is the campus of choice. So I think it is putting all the dy-namics of what is changing in our soci-ety into a working order. And I have to compliment Secretary Clinton for hav-ing that commitment, making that commitment to students, their fami-lies, our Nation, our economic resur-gence, our recovery, and, certainly, to the innovation economy that finds us working within an international mar-ketplace, where we can’t afford to go backward or stand still. We need to go forward, and a plan like this will en-able us to empower the engine of high-er education that then takes us to new levels. We have talked about this many times over. There is a pioneer spirit in this Nation. I am a host community to the original pioneer spirit, I believe, in terms of an Erie Canal movement that sparked a westward movement and an industrial revolution. You see it with all sorts of tech valleys that have driv-en the economy. These are the dynamics of which we speak so often on this floor, that need to be heeded, need to be made priority in our agenda of getting work done so that this Nation can again stretch its opportunities to all the folks that we can so that we will then provide those opportunities which create that intel-lectual capacity. Mr. GARAMENDI. I am so pleased that you brought up this issue of entre-preneurs. I know you often talk about this as something that is very impor-tant to you personally and the work that you have done before you came to Congress in New York State with the entrepreneurial activities of that State. But I also note that Secretary Clin-ton, who was a Senator from New York, perhaps had listened to you dur-ing those years, and is carrying in her proposal a very special program for en-trepreneurs. I am thinking about a group that I met with in Davis, California, this last year, a group that actually nourishes students that are wanting to start a business. And as you said, coming out of the science or out of the technology or other areas, they come upon an idea where they want to grow a business. Well, Secretary Clinton has loan for-giveness as part of her education pack-age that would forgive $17,500 of their student loans when they begin that business. When they become entre-preneurs and it begins to operate, there is this loan forgiveness. So suddenly they go into a program where they are $17,500 less debt on their balance sheet. An enormous act, an enormous piece of advantage. I am also thinking about—this is not directly to the entrepreneurs, but to home buyers. That student loan pre-vents people from buying a home be-cause it shows up on their balance sheet and they are not able to get on with it. I really like what Secretary Clinton is proposing here because it goes along with what you and I and many of our colleagues see as an impediment to economic growth and individual growth in our Nation. Mr. TONKO. I think that, certainly, there is no denying that the training of the workforce of the future requires all sorts of insertion of technology, hands- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.055 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5079 September 6, 2016 
on, cutting edge, perhaps ahead-of-the- curve sort of mentality applied in the classroom, and that can happen when we invest and invest appropriately. You talk about the Secretary’s plan—Secretary Clinton’s plan. I be-lieve she extends that beyond business. It can be social enterprise also, so you can help distressed communities with these startups and everybody wins. It’s an across-the-board win situation. And, you know, it is the kind of focus we need for that front end of life, for that early-in-professional-development stages of our economy on the age spec-trum scale. To your point, there also needs to be compassion expressed and concern ex-pressed for the opposite end, for the more senior in our society. And you and I have seen what investments are required there, including those for caregivers who provide respite for what is a growing phenomenon there with Alzheimer’s in the senior elements of our society. Mr. GARAMENDI. Exactly. We have been talking about students, some of whom are young, some not so young, and others who are carrying those stu-dent loans. But if you begin to look at the totality of society, and if we care about each other and about what is happening in our communities, we come to the more senior years, and im-mediately we find that seniors are faced with a host of issues. One of the issues—and I am glad you brought this up—is Alzheimer’s and dementia. Let me show you something that we developed here. This is a graph of the cost of Alzheimer’s in our society. It is growing very, very rapidly. You can see right now we are spending somewhere around $236 billion a year on it. And as the population ages, which is part of the baby boom, and the fact that we are all going to get older, we figure by 2050 that we will be spending $1.3 tril-lion a year to deal with Alzheimer’s. It is an extraordinary burden and it is probably one that will bust the bank, the Medicare bank, and the Medicaid bank. We know that these costs are shared largely by the Federal Government and by individuals and families. In my own family, my mother-in-law was a victim of Alzheimer’s, and she spent her last 3 years of her life in our home and we were able to care for her, but that is unusual. For most families, it is a burden that cannot be afforded, so that cost then comes to the Medicare and the Med-icaid program. In fact, the single big-gest expense in Medicaid is dementia and Alzheimer’s. This is one where we are faced with an enormous challenge, but it is a challenge that actually may have a solution. Let me put up another chart here be-fore we get to that issue of how to deal with this. This is one that deals with— the cost of caring for seniors with Alz-heimer’s will increase nearly fivefold by 2050, and here we have broken down the cost, Medicare and Medicaid, $1.1 trillion in 2050 and the extraordinary rise. But the burden for the Federal Government becomes awesome and, frankly, probably unaffordable. Can we do something about it? I think so. And this takes us back to what we were talking about earlier, about the universities and about re-search. Let me just put this up very quickly. What happens when we invest in re-search? Well, let’s take a look at what we do invest in research. We know, for exam-ple, that for cancer we are investing about—Federal government dollars now—$5.5 billion a year for cancer re-search. This is through the National Institute of Health. For HIV/AIDS, somewhere near al-most $3 billion a year. For cardio-vascular problems, a little over $2 bil-lion a year. For Alzheimer’s, it is now about $900 million a year. So we were able this last year—in 2015–16 budget year, we were able to increase from $560 million to just under $1 billion. So we have ramped up. We thank President Obama for put-ting that in his budget, and for all of our colleagues, Democrat and Repub-lican, for approving that additional funding for research. b2000 But what does research mean? What does it mean when we actually re-search these illnesses? It is incredible. One very quick chart here will show you what happens when we invest in re-search. I know, Mr. T
ONKO , this is a big issue in your district. It is a big issue—not just the illness, but the research, be-cause New York is one of the great re-search centers. Deaths from major diseases, 2000 to 2013. So what has happened with breast cancer? We have seen a small decline in breast cancer deaths. Prostate cancer, we have seen an 11 percent decline in prostate cancer deaths; heart disease, 14 percent decline; for strokes, 23 per-cent decline; for HIV/AIDS, a 52 per-cent decline. What is that decline a re-sult of? Obviously, better medical care, but also research. So what has happened with Alz-heimer’s? Remember that we were in-vesting basically at one-tenth of what we invest in cancer and one-fourth of what we invest in heart disease. For Alzheimer’s disease, we have seen a 71 percent increase—not a decrease in the number of deaths but, rather, an in-crease in the number of deaths. So as we ramp up the research, will we be able to see this kind of reduction in deaths? Well, we would hope so. But what we do know is that if we are able to delay the onset of this terrible ill-ness, quality of life will be better, and the cost to the public and to families will decline. I know, Mr. T
ONKO , that in your area, while your family may not have been directly affected by Alzheimer’s, I know that you are seriously interested in it because you see it in your commu-nity as I do in mine. Mr. TONKO. Right. Absolutely. I see it. It is the walk taken by many, many families that I represent. I have to share with you that it has touched my family also. So it behooves all of us to be there in this universal format to speak to what is a growing, growing problem. I was struck by the dollar figures you shared and the bankrupting of our situ-ation with Alzheimer’s and student loans. We are driving—we are driving such heavy burdens on to all of us as a society that it challenges us to come forward with some order of prevention and some order of hope that will be driven into the efforts that we cur-rently share to speak more wisely and speak more compassionately to these situations. I am reminded that the brain is the least researched organ of the body. Now, that alone should speak to us forcefully. Think of not only Alz-heimer’s but the many neurologically based situations that affect numbers of people out there from the very young to the more senior, the most senior. The brain, as an organ, needs to be re-searched, and so we need to make cer-tain that we share that message here in the halls of government. Let’s bring the hope to the doorstep of individuals who are rendered hopeless at times, who see their loved ones crumble and become someone different. We know that we can invest in that research and that we do have the minds that can lead us in those research attempts and efforts. When we look at the budget for Alz-heimer’s, less than one cent of every dollar invested in speaking to and treating Alzheimer’s disease is spent on research. We had put together legis-lation a couple of sessions ago now that require that we have these Alz-heimer’s townhalls and put together a plan as a nation to speak to conquering the effects of Alzheimer’s. It meant that we have to have certain orders of budgeting done to speak to Alz-heimer’s. Then we further improved upon that with legislation that said that this budget is not going to be put together with its guidelines in an ordinary proc-ess. It was going to bring in the clini-cians and the professionals who speak to the Alzheimer’s issues as a disease, and they will put together this profes-sional budgeting that will tell us from now to 2025 what that budget will be, what the demands on the system should be. So that, again, renders a budget that is speaking to the soundness of num-bers for the investment made to con-quer Alzheimer’s. I think that is the professional approach to be taken. It is the compassionate approach to be taken. Now we are working on issues, on legislation, that will allow for cov-erage, Medicare coverage, for planning 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.056 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5080 September 6, 2016 
when you, as an individual, and better said, as a family, are impacted by Alz-heimer’s, let’s do the planning. What should we expect? How do we walk through this with the greatest amount of dignity and effectiveness? That plan-ning will be covered if this legislation were to be approved. So there are things we can do here. It really is a challenge, I believe, in these times to make certain that research dollars are available that will, again, study the organ in the body that is least researched, Representative G
ARAMENDI . I know that, by pushing our colleagues who share our beliefs on this issue, we can get it done. Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank you so very much for bringing up the Alz-heimer’s Accountability Act. The new money that goes into it, this additional 300-plus million dollars bringing it up to some $900 million a year is account-able. There are specific plans that are needed; there is a mechanism to prioritize the expenditures—all of those things. So it is not just money that is going to be thrown out there. I am also reminded that this issue is one that is a brain issue, obviously, but that is an issue that affects our sol-diers who have got PTSD, traumatic brain injury, post-traumatic stress syndrome, all of those things for our veterans who have come back, which, again, is an issue of the brain. If we are studying Alzheimer’s, we will also be studying those issues. About 3 years ago now, in the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, we enacted a provision that required the Department of Defense, as it goes about dealing with these terrible prob-lems that the veterans have with post- traumatic stress or the other brain in-juries, coordinate their work with other brain researchers. So we really need to understand that we have one mind, one human brain, and the re-search will go at it from different symptoms and different diseases, but it is still dealing with the brain. So the sharing of knowledge is a part of what this accountability act will bring for-ward to us. We have challenges. We have many, many challenges, and this issue of Alz-heimer’s that was in the omnibus bill last year and our Republican col-leagues, our Democratic colleagues, all alike faced with this issue in their fam-ilies and their communities, voted in support of this legislation. So this is not a partisan issue. This is a human issue and an American issue. It is one that we can deal with, and we really do have the money to do it. Mr. TONKO. I think, too, it speaks to the priorities, again, that we need to carve into the budget work that we do. We make a statement with the budget. We identify with the great public, the great many of us, as to what we believe are those champion issues and what we need to take into concern first and foremost. While we may have cast this into opposite ends of the age spectrum, what really strikes me is, when the Alzheimer’s advocacy community comes to Washington on their given fly-in day, every year you hear of num-bers going lower and lower in the popu-lation, so that you begin to wonder: Is this genetics, is it geriatrics, or is it environmental? What is driving it? But lower and lower creeps the age. Mr. GARAMENDI. The early onset. Mr. TONKO. When some of the early onset occurs. So, again, it affects all of us in a way that, while you may research Alz-heimer’s or dementia in a broader sense, it unlocks the door to untold possibilities of discovery, genetic dis-covery, whatever it might be, gene therapy, gene awareness that might come about that speaks to a plethora of issues that affect the brain. So many, many are graced with the opportunities of research. We as a na-tion can partner—the private sector, academia—with the public, with the government. It is the message that I hear as a contrast, government isn’t an enemy force. Our domestic investment has shrunk in many ways. We need to ramp up the opportunities for hope, for discovery, for intellectual capacity, and for achieving our dreams. We can do that by this concerted effort to do it with our eyes wide open and with a sense of morality driven by the heart- filled and soulful attempts to really ad-just our framework to go to those issues that require the partnership of our government. Mr. GARAMENDI. As you talk about partnerships, I’m thinking about many of the partnerships that do exist al-ready and those that could exist. This brain research, Alzheimer’s, and other brain issues are researched around the world. There is an organization that I am familiar with in California that one of our friends from the Napa Valley started, a program called the One Mind Institute. Our former colleague, Mr. K
ENNEDY , is part of that organization. We have one human brain, and if we could pull together the research from all around the United States and all around the world so that there is a sharing of information, perhaps we will get to some knowledge much, much faster. So I am really heartened by the ef-fort that the Congress has made thus far to almost double the research for Alzheimer’s. I look forward in this month of September as we put together our appropriations, which hopefully we will, or even a continuing resolution, that we would keep in mind that this is an area where money could be well spent. We make choices here in Congress, and I just want to lay out, as I prepare to close, and then if you would also, Mr. T
ONKO , among the choices we make is one that I deal with on my com-mittee assignments. I am on the House Armed Services Committee, and I am on the Strategic Forces Subcommittee. Strategic arms mean nuclear weapons. I just am troubled—deeply, deeply troubled—by what we are in the proc-ess of doing here in the United States as well as Russia, China, and perhaps other places around the world in re-building our entire nuclear arsenal. If you take all of the various things that are involved in that nuclear arse-nal—the rockets, the bombs, the sub-marines, the airplanes, and all the command and control systems—in the next 20 years, 25 years, we will spend $1 trillion—$1 trillion—on that whole sys-tem. I just often think what if we were to spend just a small portion of that, maybe $1 billion a year or $2 billion a year of the $1 trillion on brain re-search, what would it mean to Amer-ican families? What would it mean to families around the world? There is not going to be a family in this world that doesn’t suffer from this Alzheimer’s thing if they live long enough. So we make choices here, and I wres-tle with those choices. But in this par-ticular case, the choice is clear. I pre-fer to spend some portion of that money on this Alzheimer’s issue and on the students and, therefore, on the very important future of this Nation. That would be my choice, and hope-fully our colleagues and the American public would see the wisdom of that. Mr. TONKO , would you like to close? Mr. TONKO. Yes. I again thank the gentleman from California for bringing us together this evening for discussion on what I believe are very high-priority items that face us in this Congress. I think it is important for us to speak with that anecdotal evidence and to put a human face on all of these discus-sions. We talk about illnesses like Alz-heimer’s, dementia, and neurologically based issues. There is also an issue of the illness of addiction that can be ben-efited; it can be responded to by re-search. So my pledge always to my district and, similarly, their request of me is to provide for that human empathy, pro-vide for those stories, the countless stories of individuals who walk the journey that is so very difficult and how they could be assisted simply by the burning sense of hope that we can address, that we can bring to their lives, this focus and this commodity of hope that provides them the extra en-ergy and the ability to walk their jour-ney, walk straight through the bit of difficulty that faces them. b2015 We are a great Nation. We can be made even greater by our intellect in-vesting in research, investing in stu-dent loan reform, and investing in Alz-heimer’s, a disease that can bankrupt the system. These are wise choices driven by human compassion and re-sponded to, I hope, with a passion that you hear from the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ), and that all of us need to embrace as we walk this journey together and make certain our government is an effective govern-ment responding wholeheartedly to a given cause. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.057 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5081 September 6, 2016 
(Mr. T ONKO ), my friend and colleague, for the passion and commitment he has to his people and to the American peo-ple and beyond. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and for the balance of the week on account of doc-tor ordered travel limitations for arthroscopic surgery. Mr. P
OEof Texas (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. Mr. R
OSS (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and for the bal-ance of the week on account of medical reasons. Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of health related. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 16 minutes p.m.), under its previous order and pur-suant to House Resolution 841, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, September 7, 2016, at 10 a.m., for morning-hour debate, as a fur-ther mark of respect to the memory of the late Honorable Mark Takai. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6340. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule — Tuberculosis in Cattle and Bison; State and Zone Designations; Cali-fornia [Docket No.: APHIS-2016-0052] received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6341. A letter from the Director, Issuances Staff, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Eligi-bility of Namibia To Export Meat Products to the United States [Docket No.: FSIS-2012- 0028] (RIN: 0583-AD51) received July 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 6342. A letter from the Regulatory Review Group, Commodity Credit Corporation, Farm Service Agency, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Environmental Policies and Procedures; Compliance with the National Environ-mental Policy Act and Related Authorities (RIN: 0560-AH02) received August 4, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6343. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — National Poultry Improvement Plan and Auxiliary Provisions [Docket No.: APHIS-2014-0101] (RIN: 0579-AE16) received August 15, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6344. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, National Or-ganic Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — National Organic Program (NOP); Sunset 2016 Amendments to the National List [Doc-ument Number: AMS-NOP-15-0052; NOP-15-12] (RIN: 0581-AD43) received August 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 6345. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Program Development and Regu-latory Analysis, Rural Utilities Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guaran-tees (RIN: 0572-AC06) received August 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6346. A letter from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Admin-istration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Organization and Functions; Re-leasing Information; Privacy Act Regula-tions; Enforcement of Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Handicap in Programs or Activi-ties Conducted by the Farm Credit Adminis-tration (RIN: 3052-AD17) received July 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6347. A letter from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Admin-istration, transmitting the Administration’s Major final rule — Margin and Capital Re-quirements for Covered Swap Entities (RIN: 3052-AC69) received July 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 6348. A letter from the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Agricultural Mortgage Cor-poration Governance; Standards of Conduct; Risk Management; and Disclosure and Re-porting (RIN: 3052-AC89) received July 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6349. A letter from the Director, Issuances Staff, Food Safety and Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Requirements for the Disposition of Non-Ambulatory Disabled Veal Calves [Docket No.: FSIS-2014-0020] (RIN: 0583-AD54) received August 2, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6350. A letter from the Management Ana-lyst, Grain Inspection, Packers and Stock-yards Administration, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Reauthorization of the United States Grain Standards Act (RIN: 0580-AB24) re-ceived August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6351. A letter from the Associate Director for Operations, National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Office of Grants and Finan-cial Management, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Agriculture and Food Research Ini-tiative Competitive Federal Grants Program — General Administration Provisions (RIN: 0524-AA67) received August 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6352. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting a notification of the President’s intent to exempt all military personnel accounts, including Coast Guard personnel accounts, from any discretionary cap sequestration in FY 2017, if a sequestra-tion is necessary, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 905(f); Public Law 99-177, Sec. 255(f) (as amended by Public Law 105-33, Sec. 10207(b)); (111 Stat. 704); to the Committee on Appropriations. 6353. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting a let-ter reporting a violation of the Antideficiency Act, Joint Department of De-fense — VA Medical Facility Demonstration Fund account, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1517(b); Public Law 110-161, Sec. 1517(b); (121 Stat. 2285); to the Committee on Appropriations. 6354. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing twelve officers to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half), pur-suant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6355. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the Fiscal Year 2016 Operational Energy Budget Certifi-cation Report, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2926(c)(4); Public Law 113-291, div. A, title IX, Sec. 901(g)(1); (128 Stat. 3465); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 6356. A letter from the Acting Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Perry L. Wiggins, United States Army, and his ad-vancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6357. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General John F. Mulholland, Jr., United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursu-ant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6358. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Sean A. Pybus, United States Navy, and his advance-ment to the grade of vice admiral on the re-tired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6359. A letter from the Director, Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Detection and Avoidance of Counterfeit Electronic Parts--Further Implementation (DFARS Case 2014-D005) [Docket No.: DARS-2015-0038] (RIN: 0750-AI58) received July 25, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6360. A letter from the Director, Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: New Qualifying Countries--Japan and Slovenia (DFARS Case 2016-D023) [Docket No.: DARS- 2016-0021] (RIN: 0750-AI97) received July 25, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE7.059 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5082 September 6, 2016 
2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6361. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Public Affairs Liaison With In-dustry [Docket ID: DOD-2016-OS-0084] (RIN: 0790-AI94) received August 15, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6362. A letter from the Director, Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Request for Audit Services in France, Germany, the Netherlands, or the United Kingdom (DFARS Case 2016-D027) [Docket No.: DARS-2016-0029] (RIN: 0750-AJ04) received August 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 6363. A letter from the Director, Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Costs Re-lated to Counterfeit Electronic Parts (DFARS Case 2016-D010) [Docket No.: DARS- 2016-0002] (RIN: 0750-AI86) August 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 6364. A letter from the Director, Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Instruc-tions for the Wide Area WorkFlow Reparable Receiving Report (DFARS Case 2016-D004) [Docket No.: DARS-2016-0001] (RIN: 0750-AI83) received August 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 6365. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a report on the Defense Production Act (DPA) Title III Fund for Fiscal Year 2015, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 4534(f)(3); Sept. 8, 1950, ch. 932, title III, Sec. 304 (as added by Public Law 111-67, Sec. 7); (123 Stat. 2017); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6366. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting the 2015 Annual Report regarding the Department’s enforcement activities under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1691f; Public Law 90-321, Sec. 707 (as added by Public Law 94-239, Sec. 7); (90 Stat. 255); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6367. A letter from the Chair, Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System, trans-mitting the ‘‘Annual Report to the Congress on the Presidential $1 Coin Program’’, pursu-ant to 31 U.S.C. 5112(p)(3)(B); Public Law 97- 258 (as amended by Public Law 109-145, Sec. 104); (119 Stat. 2670); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 6368. A letter from the Special Assistant to the Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s Major final rule — Margin and Capital Re-quirements for Covered Swap Entities [Dock-et No.: R-1415] (RIN: 7100-AD74) received Au-gust 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6369. A letter from the Special Assistant to the Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s Major interim final rule — Margin and Cap-ital Requirements for Covered Swap Entities [Docket No.: R-1415] (RIN: 7100-AD74) re-ceived August 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6370. A letter from the Special Assistant to the Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s Major final rule — Margin and Capital Re-quirements for Covered Swap Entities [Dock-et No.: R-1415] (RIN: 7100-AD74) received Au-gust 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6371. A letter from the Administrator, Rural Housing Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Civil Monetary Penalties (RIN: 0575- AC93) received August 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 6372. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Final Flood Elevation Determinations; Onodaga County, New York [Docket ID: FEMA-2016-0002] received August 4, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6373. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility; Maine: Bald Island, Hancock County [Docket ID: FEMA-2016-0002; Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8437] received August 15, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 6374. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility (Prince Georges County, MD, et al.) [Docket ID: FEMA-2016-0002; Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8445] received August 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 6375. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility (Wayne County, WV, et al.) [Docket ID: FEMA-2016- 0002; Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA- 8443] received August 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 6376. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulations, Office of Housing, Federal Housing Commissioner, Department of Housing and Urban Development, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Dis-position of HUD-Acquired Single Family Properties; Updating HUD’s Single Family Property Disposition Regulations [Docket No.: FR-5776-F-02] (RIN: 2502-AJ32) received August 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6377. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Legal, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s Major final rule — Margin and Capital Requirements for Covered Swap En-tities (RIN: 3064-AE21) received August 10, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6378. A letter from the Special Inspector General, Office of the Special Inspector Gen-eral for the Troubled Asset Relief Program (SIGTARP), transmitting the Program’s Quarterly Report to Congress for the period ending July 27, 2016, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 5231(i); to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 6379. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Form ADV and Investment Advisers Act Rules [Release No.: IA-4509; File No.: S7-09-15] (RIN: 3235- AL75) received August 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 6380. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting a report entitled ‘‘Coming Into Focus: The Future of Juvenile Justice Reform, 2014 Annual Report’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 5617; Public Law 93-415, Sec. 207 (as added by Pub-lic Law 100-690, Sec. 7255); (102 Stat. 4437); to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 6381. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Special Education and Reha-bilitative Services, Department of Edu-cation, transmitting the Department’s final priorities, requirements, and definition — Disability Innovation Fund--Transition Work-Based Learning Model Demonstrations [CFDA Number: 84.421B] [Docket ID: ED-2016- OSERS-0022] received July 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 6382. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Special Education and Reha-bilitative Services, Department of Edu-cation, transmitting the Department’s final priority — Training of Interpreters for Indi-viduals Who Are Deaf or Hard of Hearing and Individuals Who Are Deaf-Blind Program [Docket ID: ED-2016-OSERS-0018] received August 15, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 6383. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final regulations — Workforce Inno-vation and Opportunity Act, Miscellaneous Program Changes [Docket No.: 2015-ED- OSERS-0002] (RIN: 1820-AB71) received Au-gust 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 6384. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Employment and Training, Department of Labor, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act [Docket No.: ETA-2015-0001] (RIN: 1205-AB73) received August 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 6385. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Employment and Training and the As-sistant General Counsel, Department of Labor and Department of Education, trans-mitting the Departments’ Major final rule — Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act; Joint Rule for Unified and Combined State Plans, Performance Accountability, and the One-Stop System Joint Provisions [Docket No.: ETA-2015-0002] (RIN: 1205-AB74) and (RIN: 1830-AA21) received August 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 6386. A letter from the PRAO Branch Chief, Food and Nutrition Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — National School Lunch Program and School Breakfast Program: Eliminating Applications Through Community Eligi-bility as Required by the Healthy, Hunger- Free Kids Act of 2010 [FNS-2011-0027] (RIN: 0584-AE16) received August 5, 2016, pursuant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06SE7.000 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5083 September 6, 2016 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 6387. A letter from the PRAO Branch Chief, Food and Nutrition Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Administrative Reviews in the School Nutrition Programs [FNS 2014-0011] (RIN: 0584-AE30) received August 5, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 6388. A letter from the PRAO Branch Chief, Food and Nutrition Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Local School Wellness Policy Implementation Under the Healthy, Hunger- Free Kids Act of 2010 [FNS-2014-0010] (RIN: 0584-AE25) received August 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 6389. A letter from the PRAO Branch Chief, Food and Nutrition Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule and interim final rule — Na-tional School Lunch Program and School Breakfast Program: Nutrition Standards for All Foods Sold in School as Required by the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 [FNS- 2011-0019] (RIN: 0584-AE09) received August 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 6390. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Ben-efit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Inter-est Assumptions for Paying Benefits received July 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 6391. A letter from the Deputy Assistant General Counsel, Division of Regulatory Services, Office of the General Counsel, Spe-cial Education and Rehabilitative Services, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s final priority and require-ments — Technical Assistance on State Data Collection Program —— Targeted and Inten-sive Technical Assistance to States on the Analysis and Use of Formative and Summative Assessment Data To Support Im-plementation of States’ Identified Measur-able Result(s) [ED-2016-OSERS-0024; CFDA Number: 84.373A.] received July 26, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 6392. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmit-ting the Department’s Twenty-second Report to Congress on Progress Made in Licensing and Constructing the Alaska Natural Gas Pipeline, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 16523; Public Law 109-58, Sec. 1810; (119 Stat. 1126); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6393. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Fiscal Year 2015 Annual Progress Report to Con-gress on the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplan-tation Program and National Cord Blood In-ventory Program, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 274k(a)(6); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title III, Sec. 379 (as amended by Public Law 109-129, Sec. 3(a)); (119 Stat. 2554); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6394. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Garrett Lee Smith Youth Suicide Prevention and Early Intervention Program National Out-comes Evaluation Report to Congress, pursu-ant to 42 U.S.C. 290bb-36b(f); Public Law 108- 355, Sec. 3(d); (118 Stat. 1415); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6395. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the NURSE Corps Loan Repayment and Scholarship Pro-grams Report to Congress for Fiscal Year 2015, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 297n(h); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title VIII, Sec. 846(h) (as amend-ed by Public Law 107-205, Sec. 103(d)); (116 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6396. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Fiscal Year 2015 Report on the Preventive Medicine and Public Health Training Grant and Inte-grative Medicine Programs, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 295c(d); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title VII, Sec. 768(d) (as amended by Public Law 111- 148, Sec. 10501(m)); (124 Stat. 1002); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6397. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Fiscal Year 2015 Report Congress on the Nurse Edu-cation, Practice, Quality, and Retention Pro-gram, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 296p(f); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title VIII, Sec. 831(f) (as amend-ed by Public Law 107-205, Sec. 201); (116 Stat. 816) and 42 U.S.C. 296p-1(e); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title VIII, Sec. 831A(e) (as amended by Public Law 111-148, Sec. 5309(b)); (124 Stat. 630); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 6398. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s ‘‘Eighth Annual Report on Delays in Approvals of Applications Related to Citizen Petitions and Petitions for Stay of Agency Action for Fiscal Year 2015’’, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 355(q)(3); Public Law 110-85, Sec. 914(a); (121 Stat. 956); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6399. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Communications and Information, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting the Na-tional Telecommunications and Information Administration third quarter FY 2016 report of the Stewardship of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority Functions, pursuant to the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016, Public Law 114-113; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6400. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation, and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Ceiling Fans [Docket No.: EERE-2013-BT-TP-0050] (RIN: 1904-AD10) re-ceived July 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6401. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Notice of Partial Grant and Partial Denial of Peti-tions to Amend the Error Correction Rule [Docket No.: EERE-2016-BT-PET-0016] (RIN: 1904-AD63) received August 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6402. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the report en-titled, ‘‘Examining Oversight of the Privacy and Security of Health Data Collected by En-tities Not Regulated by HIPAA’’, pursuant to Public Law 111-5, Sec. 13424(b); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6403. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Food Labeling; Calorie Labeling of Articles of Food in Vending Machines; Extension of Compliance Date [Docket No.: FDA-2011-F- 0171] (RIN: 0910-AG56) received August 15, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6404. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s direct final rule — Refuse To Accept Procedures for Pre-market Tobacco Product Submissions [Dock-et No.: FDA-2016-N-1555] received August 15, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6405. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s direct final rule — Standard Preparations, Limits of Po-tency, and Dating Period Limitations for Bi-ological Products; Confirmation of Effective Date [Docket No.: FDA-2016-N-1170] received August 15, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6406. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Regulatory Hearing Before the Food and Drug Administration; General Provisions; Technical Amendment [Docket No.: FDA- 2016-N-0011] received August 15, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6407. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — New Animal Drug Applications; Contents of Notice of Opportunity for a Hearing; Correc-tion [Docket No.: FDA-2016-N-1943] received August 15, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6408. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Substances Generally Recognized as Safe [Docket No.: FDA-1997-N-0020 (formerly 97N- 0103)] (RIN: 0910-AH15) received August 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6409. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Administration, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting the Depart-ment’s interim final rule — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Placement of Thiafentanil Into Schedule II [Docket No.: DEA-375] received August 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6410. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Florida; Regional Haze Progress Report [EPA-R04- OAR-2015-0361; FRL-9950-01-Region 4] re-ceived July 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6411. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06SE7.000 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5084 September 6, 2016 
VT; Prevention of Significant Deterioration, Nonattainment and Minor New Source Re-view [EPA-R01-OAR-2014-0617; A-1-FRL-9950- 03-Region 1] received July 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6412. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Penn-sylvania; Measurement and Reporting of Condensable Particulate Matter Emissions [EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0005; FRL-9949-94-Region 3] received July 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6413. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Hazardous and Solid Waste Management System: Disposal of Coal Combustion Residuals From Electric Utili-ties; Extension of Compliance Deadlines for Certain Inactive Surface Impoundments; Re-sponse to Partial Vacatur [EPA-HQ-OLEM- 2016-0274; FRL-9949-44-OLEM] received July 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6414. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — National Emission Standards for Aerospace Manufacturing and Rework Facilities Risk and Technology Re-view; Clarification [EPA-HQ-OAR-2014-0830; FRL-9950-10-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS99) received July 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6415. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Promulgation of State Im-plementation Plan Revisions; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 Lead, 2008 Ozone, 2010 NO2, 2010 SO2, and 2012 PM2.5 National Ambient Air Quality Standards; Utah [EPA- R08-OAR-2013-0561; FRL-9949-99-Region 8] re-ceived July 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6416. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Allocations of Cross-State Air Pollution Rule Allowances from New Unit Set-Asides for the 2016 Compliance Year [FRL-9949-93-OAR] received August 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6417. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Virginia; Prevention of Significant Deterio-ration and Approval of Infrastructure State Implementation Plans for Specific National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R03- OAR-2015-0539; FRL-9950-29-Region 3] re-ceived August 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6418. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Louisiana; Revi-sions to the New Source Review State Imple-mentation Plan; Air Permit Procedure Revi-sions [EPA-R06-OAR-2014-0821; FRL-9950-18- Region 6] received August 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6419. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Arkansas: Final Au-thorization of State Hazardous Waste Man-agement Program Revision [EPA-R06-RCRA- 2016-0176; FRL-9950-13-Region 6] received Au-gust 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6420. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Finding that Greenhouse Gas Emissions from Aircraft Cause or Con-tribute to Air Pollution that May Reason-ably Be Anticipated to Endanger Public Health and Welfare [EPA-HQ-OAR-2014-0828; FRL-9950-15-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS31) received August 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6421. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Flonicamid; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0561; FRL-9949-19] received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6422. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Revision to the California State Implementation Plan; San Joaquin Valley; Demonstration of Creditable Emis-sion Reductions from Economic Incentive Programs [EPA-R09-OAR-2015-0489; FRL-9950- 19-Region 9] received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6423. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s partial withdrawal of direct final rule — Technical Amendments to Performance Specification 18 and Procedure 6 [EPA-HQ- OAR-2013-0696; FRL-9950-26-OAR] received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6424. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; California; San Joaquin Valley; Revisions to Motor Vehicle Emissions Budgets for Ozone and Particulate Matter [EPA-R09-OAR-2015-0711; FRL-9949-84- Region 9] received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6425. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Revisions to the California State Implementation Plan, Sacramento Metropolitan Air Quality Management Dis-trict [EPA-R09-OAR-2012-0959; FRL-9948-11- Region 9] received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6426. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Cali-fornia Air Plan Revisions, Modoc County Air Pollution Control District, Permit Programs [EPA-R09-OAR-2016-0119; FRL-9948-26-Region 9] received July 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6427. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Cali-fornia Air Plan Revisions, Placer County Air Pollution Control District and Ventura County Air Pollution Control District [EPA- R09-OAR-2016-0262; FRL-9948-10-Region 9] re-ceived July 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6428. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Revisions to California State Implementation Plan; Bay Area Air Quality Management District; Stationary Source Permits [EPA-R09-OAR-2015-0280; FRL-9947-70-Region 9] received July 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6429. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Quality: Revision to the Regulatory Definition of Volatile Or-ganic Compounds — Exclusion of 1,1,2,2- Tetrafluoro-1-(2,2,2-trifluorothoxy) ethane (HFE-347pcf2) [EPA-HQ-OAR-2015-0041; FRL- 9949-77-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AR94) received July 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6430. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Mary-land; Reasonable Further Progress Plan, Contingency Measures, Motor Vehicle Emis-sions Budgets for the Baltimore 1997 8-Hour Ozone Serious Nonattainment Area [EPA- R03-OAR-2015-0788; FRL-9949-70-Region 3] re-ceived July 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6431. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Control of Volatile Organic Compounds Emissions from Fiberglass Boat Manufacturing Materials [EPA-R03-OAR- 2016-0304; FRL-9949-72-Region 3] received July 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6432. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Maine: Prevention of Significant Deteriora-tion; PM2.5 [EPA-R01-OAR-2014-0291; FRL- 9949-58-Region 1] received July 27, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6433. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Missouri’s Air Quality Implementation Plans; Regional Haze State Implementation Plan Revision and 2013 Five-Year Progress Report [EPA- R07-OAR-2015-0581; FRL-9949-68-Region 7] re-ceived July 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06SE7.000 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5085 September 6, 2016 
6434. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Amendments to Regional Consistency Regulations [EPA-HQ-OAR-2014- 0616; FRL-9949-79-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS53) re-ceived July 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6435. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Etoxazole; Pesticide Toler-ance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0735; FRL-9948-73] received July 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6436. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Flumioxazin; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0652; FRL-9949-21] received August 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6437. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; State of Iowa; In-frastructure State Implementation Plan (SIP) Requirements for the 1997 and 2006 Fine Particulate Matter (PM2.5) National Ambi-ent Air Quality Standards (NAAQS), and the Adoption of the 1997 PM2.5 Standard [EPA- R07-OAR-2014-0213; FRL-9950-65-Region 7] re-ceived August 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6438. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Case-by-Case Reasonably Available Control Technology for the 2008 8- Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS) [EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0210; FRL-9950-71-Region 3] received August 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6439. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Penn-sylvania; Control of Volatile Organic Com-pound Emissions from Fiberglass Boat Man-ufacturing Materials [EPA-R03-OAR-2016- 0189; FRL-9950-69-Region 3] received August 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6440. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; South Carolina; Prong 4-2008 Ozone, 2010 NO2, SO2, and 2012 PM2.5 [EPA-R04-OAR-2016-0247; FRL-9950-82-Region 4] received August 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6441. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; DC; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS [EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0350; FRL- 9950-73-Region 3] received August 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6442. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Minor New Source Review Requirements [EPA-R03-OAR-2015-0642; FRL- 9950-91-Region 3] received August 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6443. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Revisions to Test Methods, Performance Specifications, and Testing Regulations for Air Emission Sources [EPA- HQ-OAR-2014-0292; FRL-9950-57-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS34) received August 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6444. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Wisconsin; Kenosha County 2008 8-Hour Ozone Nonattainment Area Reasonable Fur-ther Progress Plan [EPA-R05-OAR-2015-0075; FRL-9950-86-Region 5] received August 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6445. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Minor New Source Review — Nonroad Engines [EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0418; FRL-9950-94-Region 3] received August 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6446. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Indiana; Shipbuilding Antifoulant Coatings [EPA-R05-OAR-2015-0523; FRL-9950-84-Region 5] received August 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6447. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Indiana; Abengoa Bioenegy of Indiana, Com-missioner’s Order [EPA-R05-OAR-2015-0724; FRL-9950-52-Region 5] received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6448. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Wisconsin; Approval/Dis-approval of Interstate Transport Require-ments for the 2008 Ozone NAAQS [EPA-R05- OAR-2014-0704; FRL-9950-54-Region 5] re-ceived August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6449. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Technical Correction to Equation 2 in Appendix N [EPA-HQ-OAR- 2016-0408; FRL-9950-48-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS89) received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6450. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — n-Butyl 3-hydroxybutyrate and Isopropyl 3-hydroxybutyrate; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA- HQ-OPP-2015-0719; FRL-9949-49] received Au-gust 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6451. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Halauxifen-methyl; Pes-ticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2012-0919; FRL-9946-30] received August 8, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6452. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Iowa’s Air Quality Implementation Plans; Regional Haze State Implementation Plan Revision and 2013 Five-Year Progress Report [EPA- R07-OAR-2014-0365; FRL-9949-82-Region 7] re-ceived August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6453. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Idaho: Stationary Source Permitting Revisions [EPA-OAR-R10- 2015-0397; FRL-9950-58-Region 10] received Au-gust 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6454. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Texas; Interstate Transport of Air Pollution for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R06-OAR-2012-0985; FRL- 9950-50-Region 6] received August 8, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6455. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Lou-isiana; Interstate Transport of Air Pollution for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R06-OAR-2013-0464; FRL-9950-49-Region 6] received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6456. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Aminocyclopyrachlor; Pes-ticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2011-0144; FRL-9944-48] received August 8, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6457. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; NH; Control of Volatile Organic Compound Emissions from Minor Core Activities [EPA- R01-OAR-2012-0865; A-1-FRL-9950-60-Region 1] received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6458. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Fine Particulate Matter Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards: State Implementation Plan Requirements [EPA- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06SE7.000 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5086 September 6, 2016 
HQ-OAR-2013-0691; FRL-9946-36-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AQ48) received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6459. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Maryland: Final Au-thorization of State Hazardous Waste Man-agement Program Revisions [EPA-R03- RCRA-2015-0674; FRL-9951-51-Region 3] re-ceived August 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6460. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Citrus tristeza virus ex-pressing spinach defensin proteins 2, 7, and 8; Temporary Exemption from the Require-ment of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0034; FRL-9947-19] received August 26, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6461. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Mary-land; Control of Emissions from Various Processes and Fuel-Burning Equipment from Kraft Pulp Mills [EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0054; FRL-9951-22-Region 3] received August 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6462. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Reno, Nevada; Second 10-Year Carbon Mon-oxide Maintenance Plan [EPA-R09-OAR-2016- 0096; FRL-9957-48-Region 9] received August 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6463. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Acrylic Polymers; Toler-ance Exemption [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0283; FRL-9949-81] received August 26, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6464. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ala-bama; Cross-State Air Pollution Rule [EPA- R04-OAR-2016-0294; FRL-9951-52-Region 4] re-ceived August 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6465. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ken-tucky; Source Specific Revision for Louis-ville Gas and Electric [EPA-R04-OAR-2015- 0675; FRL-9951-59-Region 4] received August 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6466. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; NH; Approval of Single Source Orders [EPA- R01-OAR-2013-0260; A-1-FRL-9951-46-Region 1] received August 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6467. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Connecticut; Open Burning and Portable Fuel Containers [EPA-R01-OAR-2015-0471; A- 1-FRL-9943-06-Region 1] received August 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6468. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Partial Approval and Par-tial Disapproval of Air Quality Implementa-tion Plans; New York; Interstate Transport Infrastructure SIP Requirements for the 2008 Ozone NAAQS [EPA-R02-OAR-2016-0320; FRL- 9951-49-Region 2] received August 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6469. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Natamycin; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA- HQ-OPP-2015-0811; FRL-9949-03] received Au-gust 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6470. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Extension of Deadline for Action on the July 2016 Section 126 Petition From Delaware [EPA-HQ-OAR-2016-0402; FRL-9951-18-OAR] received August 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6471. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of State Plans for Designated Fa-cilities and Pollutants; Virgin Islands; Sew-age Sludge Incinerators [EPA-R02-OAR-2016- 0088; FRL-9957-24-Region 2] received August 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6472. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality State Implementation Plans; California; San Joaquin Valley; Moderate Area Plan for the 2006 PM2.5 NAAQS [EPA- R09-OAR-2014-0636; FRL-9951-42-Region 9] re-ceived August 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6473. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Wyoming; Emission Inven-tory Rule for 2008 Ozone NAAQS and Revi-sions to Incorporation by Reference [EPA- R08-OAR-2016-0377; FRL-9951-34-Region 8] re-ceived August 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6474. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; North Carolina; Regional Haze Progress Report [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0449; FRL-9951-25-Region 4] received August 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6475. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Indiana; RACM Determination for Indiana Portion of the Cincinnati-Hamilton 1997 An-nual PM2.5 Nonattainment Area [EPA-R05- OAR-2016-0169; FRL-9951-29-Region 5] re-ceived August 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6476. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Emergency Permit Control Regulations; Technical Amendments [Docket No.: FDA- 2015-N-2819] received July 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6477. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s direct final rule — Administrative Actions for Non-compliance; Lesser Administrative Actions; Confirmation of Effective Date [Docket No.: FDA-2015-N-5052] received July 26, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6478. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Change of Address; Technical Amendment [Docket No.: FDA-2016-N-0011] received Au-gust 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6479. A letter from the Acting Division Chief, Office of Engineering and Technology, Federal Communications Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final rule — Pro-moting Expanded Opportunities for Radio Experimentation and Market Trials under Part 5 of the Commission’s Rules and Streamlining Other Related Rules [ET Dock-et No.: 10-236]; 2006 Biennial Review of Tele-communications Regulations — Part 2 Ad-ministered by the Office of Engineering and Technology (OET) [ET Docket No.: 06-155] re-ceived July 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6480. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Con-sumer and Governmental Affairs Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final rule — Im-plementation of the Twenty-First Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act of 2010, Section 105, Relay Services for Deaf- Blind Individuals [CG Docket No.: 10-210] re-ceived August 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6481. A letter from the Deputy Division Chief, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final rule — Im-provements to Benchmarks and Related Re-quirements Governing Hearing Aid-Compat-ible Mobile Handsets [WT Docket No.: 15-285] received August 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6482. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Requirements for Frequency and Voltage Ride Through Capability of Small Gener-ating Facilities [Docket No.: RM16-8-000; Order No. 828] received July 28, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:53 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06SE7.000 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5087 September 6, 2016 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6483. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule amendments — Disclo-sure Requirements and Prohibitions Con-cerning Franchising received August 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6484. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Update to Transcript Correction Procedures [NRC-2016-0117] (RIN: 3150-AJ76) received July 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6485. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’ Regulatory Guide 1.219 Revision 1 — Guid-ance on Making Changes to Emergency Plans for Nuclear Power Reactors received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6486. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s revision — NRC Enforcement Policy received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6487. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s interim staff guidance — Guidance for Clo-sure of Activities Related to Recommenda-tion 2.1, Flooding Hazard Reevaluation [NRC-2016-0084] received August 15, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6488. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final evaluation of vendor submittal — Safe-ty Evaluation of the BWRVIP-42, Revision 1, ‘‘Low Pressure Coolant Injection (LPCI) Cou-pling Inspection and Flaw Evaluation Guide-lines’’ received August 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6489. A letter from the General Counsel, Of-fice of General Counsel, Federal Energy Reg-ulatory Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Revised Critical Infra-structure Protection Reliability Standards [Docket No.: RM15-14-002] received August 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6490. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-020, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6491. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-014, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6492. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-041, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6493. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-025, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6494. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-031, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6495. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-006, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6496. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 15-042, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6497. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-050, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6498. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 15-110, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6499. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-036, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6500. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-030, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6501. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-047, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6502. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to terrorists who threat-en to disrupt the Middle East peace process that was declared in Executive Order 12947 of January 23, 1995, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 6503. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Cote d’Ivoire that was declared in Executive Order 13396 of Feb-ruary 7, 2006, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6504. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Libya that was de-clared in Executive Order 13566 of February 25, 2011, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6505. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism that was declared in Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 6506. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the national emergency declared with respect to Lebanon that was declared in Executive Order 13441 of August 1, 2007 is to continue in effect beyond August 1, 2016, pur-suant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 202(d); (90 Stat. 1257) (H. Doc. No. 114— 158); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 6507. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the national emergency declared, in light of the expiration of the Export Ad-ministration Act of 1979, in Executive Order 13222 of August 17, 2001 is to continue in ef-fect beyond August 17, 2016, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 202(d); (90 Stat. 1257) (H. Doc. No. 114—159); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 6508. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the national emergency declared in Proclamation 7463 with respect to certain terrorist attacks on the United States of September 11, 2001, is to continue for one year beyond September 14, 2016, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 202(d); (90 Stat. 1257) (H. Doc. No. 114—160); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and or-dered to be printed. 6509. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a Report to Congress on U.S. Policy toward the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 9213(b); Public Law 114-122, Sec. 103(b); (130 Stat. 98); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6510. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(d)(1); Public Law 92-403, Sec. 1; (86 Stat. 619); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6511. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(d)(1); Public Law 92-403, Sec. 1; (86 Stat. 619); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6512. A letter from the Director, Inter-national Cooperation, Office of the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology and Lo-gistics, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s intent to sign Amendment Number Three to the Memorandum of Under-standing Among the Department of Defence of Australia, the Department of National Defence of Canada, the Secretary of State for Defence of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and the De-partment of Defense of the United States of America, Transmittal No. 25-16, pursuant to Sec. 27(f) of the Arms Export Control Act, and Executive Order 13637; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6513. A letter from the Director, Inter-national Cooperation, Office of the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology and Lo-gistics, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s intent to sign a Project 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06SE7.000 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5088 September 6, 2016 
Arrangement pursuant to the Memorandum of Understanding Between the Department of Defense of the United States of America and the Department of Defence of Australia, Transmittal No. 24-16, pursuant to Sec. 27(f) of the Arms Export Act, and Executive Order 13637; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6514. A letter from the Director, Inter-national Cooperation, Office of the Under Secretary of Defense, Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Department’s intent to sign a Project Agreement between the De-partment of Defense of the United States of America and the Secretary of State for Defence of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Transmittal No. 18-16, pursuant to Sec. 27(f) of the Arms Export Control Act, and Executive Order 13637; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6515. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Commerce Control List: Addition of Items Determined to No Longer Warrant Control under United States Munitions List Cat-egory XIV (Toxicological Agents) or Cat-egory XVIII (Directed Energy Weapons) [Docket No.: 120105019-5755-01] (RIN: 0694- AF52) received July 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 6516. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Amendment to the Ex-port Administration Regulations to Add Tar-gets for the Production of Tritium and Re-lated Development and Production Tech-nology to the List of 0Y521 Series [Docket No.: 160303184-6184-01] (RIN: 0694-AG90) re-ceived August 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 6517. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revisions to the Export Administration Reg-ulations (EAR): Harmonization of the Des-tination Control Statements [Docket No.: 150107020-6464-02] (RIN: 0694-AG47) received August 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 6518. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Addition of Certain Persons to the Entity List [Docket No.: 160719631-6631-01] (RIN: 0694-AH06) received August 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6519. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a notice of the Air Force’s proposed lease amendment, to the Government of the Federal Republic of Ger-many, Transmittal No. 06-16, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2796a(a); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 62 (as added by Public Law 97-113, Se c. 62 (as added by Public Law 97-113, Sec. 109(a)); (95 Stat. 1525); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6520. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of Argentina, Transmittal No. 16-50, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(b)(1); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(b) (as amended by Public Law 106 -113, Sec. 1000(a)(7)); (113 Stat. 536); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 6521. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the NATO Support and Procurement Agency, Transmittal No. 16-30, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(b)(1); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(b) (as amended by Public Law 106 -113, Sec. 1000(a)(7)); (113 Stat. 536); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6522. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of Afghanistan, Transmittal No. 15-55, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 6523. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a memorandum of justifica-tion, pursuant to Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, Sec. 652; and Public Law 113-235, Div. J., Sec. 7009(d); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 6524. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a memorandum of justifica-tion, pursuant to Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, Sec. 652; and Public Law 111-117, Div. F, Sec. 2009(d), as amended by Public Law 112- 10, Div. B; and Public Law 112-74, Div. I, Sec. 7009(d); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6525. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a memorandum of Justification Under Section 610 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for assistance for the West Bank and Gaza; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 6526. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations: Procedures for Obtaining State Department Authorization to Export Items Subject to the Export Administration Regulations; Revision to the Destination Control Statement; and Other Changes (RIN: 1400-AC88) received August 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6527. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a determination by the Sec-retary, pursuant to Sec. 614(a)(1) of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 6528. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a Determination under Secs. 614(a)(1) and 610 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for Assistance for Nigeria; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6529. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a memorandum of justifica-tion, pursuant to the Foreign Assistance Act, Sec. 614(a)(3); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 6530. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a memorandum of justifica-tion, pursuant to the Foreign Assistance Act, Sec. 614(a)(3); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 6531. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting determinations of the Sec-retary, pursuant to the Iran Freedom and Counter-Proliferation Act of 2012, Secs. 1244(c)(1), 1246(a), and 1247(a); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 6532. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-056, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6533. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-027, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6534. A letter from the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, transmitting the thirty-second quarterly re-port to Congress on Afghanistan Reconstruc-tion, in accordance with Sec. 1229 of Public Law 110-181; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6535. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-484, ‘‘Financial Exploitation of Vulnerable Adults and the Elderly Amend-ment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6536. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-488, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Support Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6537. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-489, ‘‘Public Space Naming Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6538. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-486, ‘‘Procurement Integrity, Transparency, and Accountability Amend-ment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6539. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-487, ‘‘Incarceration to Incorpora-tion Entrepreneurship Program Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6540. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-485, ‘‘Building Service Employ-ees Minimum Work Week Act of 2016’’, pur-suant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6541. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-468, ‘‘Theodore ‘Ted’ Williams Alley Designation Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6542. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-467, ‘‘Bicycle and Pedestrian Safety Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6543. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-466, ‘‘Renewable Portfolio Standard Expansion Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6544. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-469, ‘‘Grocery Store Restrictive Covenant Prohibition Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6545. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06SE7.000 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5089 September 6, 2016 
D.C. ACT 21-470, ‘‘Gas Station Advisory Board Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6546. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-471, ‘‘Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority Compact Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6547. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-449, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Cul-tivation Center Relocation Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6548. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-465, ‘‘Public Charter School Fis-cal Transparency Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6549. A letter from the Special Advisor, Of-fice of the White House Liaison, Department of Commerce, transmitting a notification of a federal vacancy and a notification of a dis-continuation of service in acting role, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6550. A letter from the Special Advisor, Of-fice of the White House Liaison, Department of Commerce, transmitting a notification of a discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105- 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 6551. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a notification of a federal vacancy and designation of act-ing officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Pub-lic Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 6552. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, Department of Labor, transmitting the De-partment’s final guidance — Guidance for Executive Order 13673, ‘‘Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces’’ (ZRIN: 1290-ZA02) received Au-gust 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6553. A letter from the Assistant General Council, Department of the Treasury, trans-mitting two notifications of a federal va-cancy and discontinuation of service in act-ing role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6554. A letter from the Acting Director, Employee Services, Pay and Leave, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting the Of-fice’s final rule — Disabled Veteran Leave and Other Miscellaneous Changes (RIN: 3206- AN31) received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6555. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Control of Emissions of Volatile Organic Compounds from the Rey-nolds Consumer Products LLC — Bellwood Printing Plant [EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0233; FRL-9951-41-Region 3] received August 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6556. A letter from the Director, General Counsel and Legal Policy Division, Office of Government Ethics, transmitting the Of-fice’s final rule — Standards of Ethical Con-duct for Employees of the Executive Branch; Amendments to the Seeking Other Employ-ment Rules (RIN: 3209-AA04) received July 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 6557. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s small entity compli-ance guide — Federal Acquisition Regula-tion; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-90 [Docket No.: FAR 2015-0051, Sequence No.: 4] received August 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6558. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s summary presentation of a final rule — Federal Acquisition Regula-tion; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-90; In-troduction [Docket No.: FAR 2015-0051, Se-quence No.: 4] received August 23, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6559. A letter from the Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting the Board’s FY 2015 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to Public Law 107-174, 203(a); (116 Stat. 569); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6560. A letter from the Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmit-ting a report entitled, ‘‘The District May Have Forfeited Nearly $500,000 Through Changes to the Contract for the H.D. Cooke Elementary School Modernization Com-pleted in 2010’’; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 6561. A letter from the Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmit-ting a report entitled, ‘‘The District May Have Forfeited Nearly $500,000 Through Changes to the Contract for the H.D. Cooke Elementary School Modernization Com-pleted in 2010’’; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 6562. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting a letter stating the Department has assessed all the annual permit fees as of January 1, 2016, pur-suant to 16 U.S.C. 6214(k); Public Law 113-291, Sec. 3024(k); (128 Stat. 3764); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 6563. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Na-tional Forest System, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s re-port on the detailed boundary of the Skagit Wild and Scenic River in Washington, pursu-ant to 16 U.S.C. 1274(b); Public Law 90-542, Sec. 3(b) (as amended by Public Law 100-534, Sec. 501); (102 Stat. 2708); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6564. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Yellowfin Sole for Vessels Par-ticipating in the BSAI Trawl Limited Access Fishery in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Is-lands Management Area [Docket No.: 150916863-6211-02] (RIN: 0648-XE669) received July 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 6565. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Other Hook-and-Line Fishery by Catcher Vessels in the Gulf of Alaska [Dock-et No.: 150818742-6210-02] (RIN: 0648-XE667) re-ceived July 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 6566. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Tri-mester Total Allowable Catch Area Closure for the Common Pool Fishery [Docket No.: 151211999-6343-02] (RIN: 0648-XE670) received July 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 6567. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2016 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for Gulf of Mexico Greater Amberjack [Docket No.: 1206013412-2517-02] (RIN: 0648-XE716) received July 28, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6568. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Commercial Aggregated Large Coastal Shark and Hammerhead Shark Man-agement Group Retention Limit Adjustment [Docket No.: 150413357-5999-02] (RIN: 0648- XE586) received July 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 6569. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Kamchatka Floun-der in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 150916863- 6211-02] (RIN: 0648-XE647) received July 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6570. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Man-agement Area [Docket No.: 150916863-6211-02] (RIN: 0648-XE694) received July 28, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6571. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator For Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — International Fish-eries; Western and Central Pacific Fisheries for Highly Migratory Species; Purse Seine Observer Requirements, and Fishing Restric-tions and Limits in Purse Seine and Longline Fisheries for 2016-2017 [Docket No.: 160205084-6510-02] (RIN: 0648-BF76) received July 28, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06SE7.000 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5090 September 6, 2016 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 6572. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator For Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Atlantic Highly Migra-tory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fish-eries [Docket No.: 160622548-6548-01] (RIN: 0648-BG16) received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6573. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator For Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; Annual Specifications and Management Measures for the 2016 Tribal and Non-Tribal Fisheries for Pacific Whiting [Docket No.: 160126053-6398- 02] (RIN: 0648-BF74) received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 6574. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator For Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Fisheries of the North-eastern United States; Amendment 17 to the Atlantic Surfclam and Ocean Quahog Fish-ery Management Plan [Docket No.: 150902808- 6451-02] (RIN: 0648-BF04) received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6575. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator For Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Implementation of the Shark Conservation Act of 2010 [Docket No.: 111014628-6513-02] (RIN: 0648-BB54) received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 6576. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Protected Resources, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Listing Three Angelshark Spe-cies as Endangered Under the Endangered Species Act [Docket No.: 150506424-6642-02] (RIN: 0648-XD940) received August 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 6577. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2015-2016 Biennial Specifications and Management Measures; Inseason Adjustments [Docket No.: 140904754- 5188-02] (RIN: 0648-BG08) received August 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6578. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery; Closure of the Mid-Atlantic Access Area to General Category Individual Fishing Quota Scallop Vessels [Docket No.:151210999-6348-02] (RIN: 0648-XE709) received August 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 6579. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fish-ery; Georges Bank Cod Trimester Total Al-lowable Catch Area Closure for the Common Pool Fishery [Docket No.: 151211999-6343-02] (RIN: 0648-XE720) received August 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 6580. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator For Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Protected Resources, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Taking and Importing Marine Mam-mals; Taking Marine Mammals Incidental to Seismic Surveys in Cook Inlet, Alaska [Docket No.: 140912776-6553-02] (RIN: 0648- BE53) received August 10, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 6581. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmit-ting the Administration’s temporary rule — Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; 2016 Recreational Accountability Measures and Closure for Gulf of Mexico Gray Triggerfish [Docket No.: 121004518-3398-01] (RIN: 0648- XE701) received August 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 6582. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting activities of the Review Panel on Prison Rape in Calendar Year 2015 and the Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) Data Collec-tion Activities for 2016, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 15603(c)(1)(A); Public Law 108-79, Sec. 4(c)(1)(A); (117 Stat. 977); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6583. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legal Policy, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the De-partment’s interim final rule — Civil Mone-tary Penalties Inflation Adjustment [Docket No.: OAG 148; AG Order No.: 3690-2016] re-ceived July 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 6584. A letter from the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy, Department of Labor, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Department of Homeland Security and Department of Labor Federal Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustment Act Catch-Up Adjustments for the H-2B Tem-porary Non-agricultural Worker Program [CIS No.: 2585-16] (RIN: 1615-AC10) received August 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 6585. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the thirty- eighth annual Hart-Scott-Rodino Annual Re-port for Fiscal Year 2015, pursuant to Sec. 7A of the Clayton Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6586. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s interim final rule — Adjustment of Civil Monetary Penalty Amounts received August 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 6587. A letter from the Regulatory Liaison, Office of Natural Resources Revenue, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Amendments to Civil Penalty Regulations [Docket No.: ONRR- 2012-0005; DS63644000 DR2PS0000.CH7000 167D0102R2] (RIN: 1012-AA05) received August 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6588. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s interim final rule — Program Fraud Civil Remedies: Civil Monetary Pen-alty Inflation Adjustment (RIN: 3206-AN39) received July 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 6589. A letter from the Acting Chief Regu-latory Coordination Division, Office of Pol-icy and Strategy, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Department of Homeland Security and Department of Labor Federal Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustment Act Catch-Up Adjustments for the H-2B Tem-porary Non-agricultural Worker Program (RIN: 1235-AA15) received August 4, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6590. A letter from the Chief Counsel, Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Civil Penalties (RIN: 2135-40) received July 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6591. A letter from the Project Manager, Regulatory Coordination Division, U.S. Citi-zenship and Immigration Services, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Expansion of Provisional Unlawful Presence Waivers of In-admissibility [CIS No.: 2557-2014; DHS Docket No.: USCIS-2012-0003] (RIN: 1615-AC03) re-ceived August 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 6592. A letter from the Project Manager, Regulatory Coordination Division, U.S. Citi-zenship and Immigration Services, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Expan-sion of Provisional Unlawful Presence Waiv-ers of Inadmissibility [CIS No.: 2557-2014; DHS Docket No.: USCIS-2012-0003] (RIN: 1615- AC03) received August 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6593. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Detroit River Days Air Show, Detroit River, Detroit, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0460] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6594. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Chesa-peake Bay, Cape Charles, VA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0416] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6595. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06SE7.000 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5091 September 6, 2016 
Wings over Vermont Air Show, Lake Cham-plain, Burlington, VT [Docket No.: USCG- 2015-1127] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6596. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Pleas-ure Beach Bridge, Bridgeport, CT [Docket No.: USCG-2015-1088] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6597. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Inspection of Towing Vessels [Docket No.: USCG-2006-24412] (RIN: 1625- AB06) received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6598. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Fox River, DePere to Oshkosh, WI [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0256] (RIN: 1625- AA09) received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6599. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Security Zone, Dela-ware River, Schuylkill River; Philadelphia, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0363] (RIN: 1625- AA87) received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6600. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Hudson River, Edgewater, NJ [Docket No.: USCG- 2016-0648] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6601. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Navy UNDET, Apra Outer Harbor, GU [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0555] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6602. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Ten-nessee River 385.0-387.0; Scottsboro, AL [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0467] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received July 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6603. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Tall Ships Challenge Great Lakes 2016, Fairport Harbor, OH, Bay City, MI, Chicago, IL, Green Bay, WI, Duluth, MN, Erie, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0267] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6604. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Houma Navigation Canal miles 23 to 23.5, Dulac, LA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0650] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received July 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6605. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Suncoast Super Boat Grand Prix; Gulf of Mexico, Sarasota, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0418] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received July 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6606. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC) — Reader Requirements [Docket No.: USCG-2007-28915] (RIN: 1625-AB21) received August 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6607. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Regulated Navigation Area; Hol-iday Events; Biscayne Bay, Miami, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0786] (RIN: 1625- AA11) received June 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6608. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lations; Tall Ships Duluth 2016 Parade of Sail, Lake Superior, Duluth, MN [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0797] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived August 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6609. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Allegheny River mile 0.0-1.5; Pitts-burgh, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0541] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received August 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6610. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zones; Marine Events held in the Sector Long Island Sound Captain of the Port Zone [Docket No.: USCG- 2016-0670] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received August 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6611. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone; Annual Roy Web-ster Cross-Channel Swim, Columbia River, Hood River, OR [Docket No.: USCG-2016- 0370](RIN: 1625-AA00) received August 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6612. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Pitts-burgh Steelers Fireworks; Allegheny River mile 0.0-0.25, Ohio River mile 0.0-0.1, Monongahela River mile 0.0-0.1, Pittsburgh, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0739] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received August 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6613. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Apra Outer Harbor, Naval Base Guam [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0644] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received August 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6614. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Tall Ships Duluth 2016-Giant Duck, Lake Supe-rior, Duluth, MN [Docket No.: USCG-2016- 6017] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received August 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6615. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Black Warrior River, Mile 338.8 to 341.9; Tuscaloosa, AL [Docket No.: USCG- 2016-0576] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received August 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6616. A letter from the Regulatory Ombuds-man, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendments To Implement Certain Provi-sions of the Fixing America’s Surface Trans-portation Act or ‘‘FAST Act’’ [Docket No.: FMCSA-2016-0091] (RIN: 2126-AB89) received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6617. A letter from the Regulatory Ombuds-man, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Parts and Accessories Necessary for Safe Op-eration; Inspection, Repair, and Mainte-nance; General Amendments [Docket No.: FMCSA-2015-0176] (RIN: 2126-AB81) received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6618. A letter from the Paralegal, Office of Chief Counsel, Federal Transit Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Bus Testing: Establishment of Performance Standards, a Bus Model Scoring System, a Pass/Fail Standard and other Program Up-dates [Docket No.: FTA-2015-0019] (RIN: 2132- AB11) received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6619. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Fuel Tank Vent Fire Protection [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0500; Amdt. Nos.: 25-142,21-376, and 129-53] (RIN: 2120-AK30) received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06SE7.000 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5092 September 6, 2016 
6620. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Extension of the Re-quirement for Helicopters to Use the New York North Shore Helicopter Route [Docket No.: FAA-2010-0302; Amdt. No.: 93-99] received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6621. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class D Airspace: Destin, FL; Duke Field, Eglin AFB, FL; Revocation of Class D Airspace; Eglin AF Aux No 3 Duke Field, FL; and Amendment of Class D and E Airspace; Eglin Air Force Base, FL; Eglin Hurlburt Field, FL; and Crestview, FL [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-7203; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ASO-14] re-ceived August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6622. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace for the following Indiana Towns; Goshen, IN; Greencastle, IN; Huntingburg, IN; North Vernon, IN; Rensselaer, IN; Tell City, IN; and Washington, IN [Docket No.: FAA-2016-4291; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AGL- 7] received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6623. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace for the following Louisiana Towns; De Quincy, LA; Minden, LA; Slidell, LA; and Revocation of Class E Airspace; Homer, LA [Docket No.: FAA-2016-4429; Airspace Docket No.: 16-ASW-8] received August 8, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6624. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-3993; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-065- AD; Amendment 39-18592; AD 2016-15-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6625. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-5463; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-013-AD; Amendment 39-18598; AD 2016-15-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6626. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-3700; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-171-AD; Amendment 39-18595; AD 2016-15-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6627. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; CFM International, S.A. Turbofan En-gines Modified by Supplemental Type Cer-tificate SE00034EN [Docket No.: FAA-2012- 1289; Directorate Identifier 2012-NE-43-AD; Amendment 39-18591; AD 2016-14-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6628. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; M7 Aerospace LLC Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-5431; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-044-AD; Amendment 39-18593; AD 2016-15-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6629. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-3983; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-009- AD; Amendment 39-18582; AD 2016-14-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6630. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-8435; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-049-AD; Amendment 39-18594; AD 2016-15-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6631. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Changing the Collective Risk Limits for Launches and Reentries and Clarifying the Risk Limit Used to Establish Hazard Areas for Ships and Aircraft [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0418; Amdt. Nos.: 417-4, 420-7, 431-4 and 435-3] (RIN: 2120-AK06) received Au-gust 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6632. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Changes to the Applica-tion Requirements for Authorization To Op-erate in Reduced Vertical Separation Min-imum Airspace [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1746; Amdt. No.: 91-342] (RIN: 2120-AK54) received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6633. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s interim final rule — Repair Stations [Docket No.: FAA-2016-8744; Amdt. No.: 145- 31] (RIN: 2120-AK86) received August 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6634. A letter from the Chairman, Surface Transportation Board, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Regulations Governing Fees for Services Performed in Connection with Li-censing and Related Services-—-2016 Update [Docket No.: EP 542 (Sub-No. 24)] received August 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6635. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — Operation and Cer-tification of Small Unmanned Aircraft Sys-tems [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0150; Amdt. Nos.: 21-99, 43-48, 61-137, 91-343, 101-9, 107-1, 119-18, 133-15, and 183-16] (RIN: 2120-AJ60) received August 10, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6636. A letter from the Chairman, Surface Transportation Board, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — On-Time Performance Under Section 213 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 [Docket No.: EP 726] received August 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6637. A letter from the Regulatory Ombuds-man, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Unified Registration System; Correction [Docket No.: FMCSA-1997-2349] (RIN: 2126- AB85; Formerly 2126-AA22) received August 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6638. A letter from the Paralegal, Office of Chief Counsel, Federal Transit Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, trans-mitting the Department’s Major final rule — Transit Asset Management; National Transit Database [Docket No.: FTA-2014-0020] (RIN: 2132-AB07) received July 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6639. A letter from the Paralegal, Office of Chief Counsel, Federal Transit Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Public Transportation Safety Program [Docket No.: FTA-2015-0009] (RIN: 2132-AB22) received Au-gust 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6640. A letter from the Legal Intern USCG Office of Regulations, U.S. Coast Guard, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Lake Erie Open Water Clas-sic; Lake Erie, Cleveland, OH [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0624] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6641. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Swope Park Indus-trial Area, Blue River, Kansas City, Missouri Flood Damage Reduction Project-Post Au-thorization Change Report for April 2016 (re-vised May 2016) (H. Doc. No. 114—156); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and ordered to be printed. 6642. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Comprehensive Ever-glades Restoration Plan Picayune Strand Restoration Project Limited Re-evaluation Report & Environmental Assessment for April 2016 (H. Doc. No. 114—157); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and ordered to be printed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06SE7.000 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5093 September 6, 2016 
6643. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-trator for Procurement, Office of Procure-ment, National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, transmitting the Administra-tion’s final rule — NASA Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Clarification of Award Fee evaluations and payments (NFS Case 2016-N008) (RIN: 2700-AE31) received Au-gust 15, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 6644. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-trator for Procurement, Office of Procure-ment, National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, transmitting the Administra-tion’s final rule — NASA Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Removal of Grant Handbook References (NFS Case 2016-N001) (RIN: 2700-AE27) received July 28, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 6645. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Office of Capital Access, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Affiliation for Business Loan Programs and Surety Bond Guarantee Program (RIN: 3245-AG73) re-ceived July 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Busi-ness. 6646. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Office of the General Counsel, Small Business Administration, transmit-ting the Administration’s final rule — Small Business Mentor Prote´ge´Programs (RIN: 3245-AG24) received August 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Business. 6647. A letter from the Office Program Manager, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the General Counsel (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Veterans Employment Pay for Suc-cess Grant Program (RIN: 2900-AP72) re-ceived August 15, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 6648. A letter from the Office Program Manager, Office of Regulation Policy and Management Staff, Office of the General Counsel (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Loan Guaranty: Delegation of Au-thority (RIN: 2900-AP77) received August 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 6649. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting a state-ment supporting many of the recommenda-tions and the underlying objectives offered by the Commission on Care in the final re-port transmitted on July 6, 2016, pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 1701 note; Public Law 113-146, Sec. 202(g)(2); (128 Stat. 1776) (H. Doc. No. 114— 161); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and ordered to be printed. 6650. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting a letter designating David S. Johanson as Vice Chair of the United States International Trade Commission, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 1330(c)(1); June 17, 1930, ch. 497, Sec. 330(c)(1) (as amend-ed by Public Law 95-106, Sec. 1); (91 Stat. 867); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6651. A letter from the Acting Commis-sioner, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s ‘‘2016 An-nual Report of the Supplemental Security Income Program’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1383f(a); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XVIII, Sec. 1875 (as amended by Public Law 104-193, Sec. 231); (110 Stat. 2197); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6652. A letter from the Federal Register Li-aison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of the Tip of the Mitt Viticultural Area [Docket No.: TTB-2015- 0011; T.D. TTB-139; Ref: Notice No.: 155] (RIN: 1513-AC22) received August 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6653. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Small Rural Hospital Improvement Grant Program Report to Congress for Fiscal Year 2014, pur-suant to Sec. 1820(g)(3)(F)(ii)(I) of the Social Security Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6654. A letter from the Chief, Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s interim final rule — Administra-tive Exemption on Value Increased for Cer-tain Articles (CBP Dec. No. 16-13) [USCBP- 2016-0057] (RIN: 1515-AE09) received August 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6655. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Employment and Training, Employment and Training Administration, Department of Labor, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Federal-State Unemployment Com-pensation Program; Implementing the Total Unemployment Rate as an Extended Benefits Indicator and Amending for Technical Cor-rections (RIN: 1205-AB62) received August 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6656. A letter from the Chief, Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s interim regulations — Investigation of Claims of Evasion of Antidumping and Coun-tervailing Duties [USCBP-2016-0053] (CBP Dec. 16-11) (RIN: 1515-AE10) received August 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6657. A letter from the Chief, Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, Department of the Treasury, and Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Departments’ final rule — Prohibition on Importation of Jadeite or Rubies Mined or Extracted from Burma, and Articles of Jewelry Containing Jadeite or Rubies Mined or Extracted from Burma [Docket No.: USCBP-2016-0054] (CBP Dec. 16-12) (RIN: 1515-AE15) received August 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6658. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Employment and Training, Labor, Em-ployment and Training Administration, De-partment of Labor, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Federal-State Unemploy-ment Compensation Program; Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 Pro-vision on Establishing Appropriate Occupa-tions for Drug Testing of Unemployment Compensation Applicants (RIN: 1205-AB63) received August 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6659. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulation — Guidance under Section 108(a) Concerning the Exclusion of Section 61(a)(12) Discharge of Indebtedness Income of a Grantor Trust or a Disregarded Entity [TD 9771] (RIN: 1545-BJ14) received August 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 6660. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final and temporary regulations — Income Inclusion When Lessee Treated as Having Acquired In-vestment Credit Property [TD 9776] (RIN: 1545-BM74) received August 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6661. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Recapitalization Into ’Control’ and Unwind —— Section 355(a) (Rev. Proc. 2016- 40) received August 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6662. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Property Transferred in Connec-tion with the Performance of Services [TD 9779] (RIN: 1545-BM63) received August 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6663. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Applicable Federal Rates — Sep-tember 2016 (Rev. Rul. 2016-20) received Au-gust 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6664. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — National Average Monthly Premium for a Bronze-Level Health Plan under Sec-tion 5000A (Rev. Proc. 2016-43) received Au-gust 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6665. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations and removal of temporary regula-tions — Preparer Tax Identification Number (PTIN) User Fee Update [TD 9781] (RIN: 1545- BN02) August 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6666. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s tem-porary regulations — Election into the Part-nership Audit Regime Under the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 [TD 9780] (RIN: 1545-BN34) received August 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6667. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Tax on Certain Foreign Procure-ment [TD 9782] (RIN: 1545-BK06) received Au-gust 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6668. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Use of Contingency to Satisfy CRAT Exhaustion Test (Rev. Proc. 2016-42) received August 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06SE7.000 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5094 September 6, 2016 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6669. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Interim Guidance Under Section 7705 for Certified Professional Employer Organi-zations [Notice 2016-49] received August 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6670. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Update on Jurisdictions Treated as If They Have an IGA in Effect (Announcement 2016-27) received August 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6671. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Voss v. Commissioner, 796 F.3d 1051 (9th Cir. 2015), rev’g Sophy v. Commissioner, 138 T.C. 204 (2012) (AOD-131448-15) received August 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6672. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Extension of Expiration Dates for Four Body System List-ings [Docket No.: SSA-2016-0023] (RIN: 0960- AI03) received August 26, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6673. A letter from the Chief, Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Import Restrictions Imposed on Archaeological and Ethnological Material of Syria [CBP Dec. 16-10] (RIN: 1515- AE14) received August 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6674. A letter from the Chairman, U.S. International Trade Commission, transmit-ting the Commission’s report ‘‘The Year in Trade 2015’’, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 2213(c); Public Law 93-618, Sec. 163(c) (as amended by Public Law 100-418, Sec. 1641); (102 Stat. 1271); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6675. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Regulatory Affairs Law Division, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting the Depart-ment’s interim final rule — Petitions for Rulemaking, Amendment, or Repeal [Docket No.: DHS-2009-0009] (RIN: 1601-AA56) received August 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Homeland Security. 6676. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the Fiscal Year 2015 Defense Environmental Programs Annual Report to Congress, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2711(a); Public Law 112-81, Sec. 317(a); (125 Stat. 1359); jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and Energy and Commerce. 6677. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s no-tice — Medicare Program; FY 2017 Inpatient Psychiatric Facilities Prospective Payment System — Rate Update [CMS-1650-N] (RIN: 0938-AS76) received July 29, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 6678. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major rule notice — Medicare Program; FY 2017 Inpatient Psychiatric Facilities Pro-spective Payment System — Rate Update [CMS-1650-N] (RIN: 0938-AS76) received Au-gust 10, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 6679. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare Program; FY 2017 Hospice Wage Index and Payment Rate Update and Hospice Quality Reporting Re-quirements [CMS-1652-F] (RIN: 0938-AS79) re-ceived August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 6680. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare Program; Inpa-tient Rehabilitation Facility Prospective Payment System for Federal Fiscal Year 2017 [CMS-1647-F] (RIN: 0938-AS78) received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 6681. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare Program; Pro-spective Payment System and Consolidated Billing for Skilled Nursing Facilities for FY 2017, SNF Value-Based Purchasing Program, SNF Quality Reporting Program, and SNF Payment Models Research [CMS-1645-F] (RIN: 0938-AS75) received August 4, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 6682. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rules — Medicare Program; Hos-pital Inpatient Prospective Payment Sys-tems for Acute Care Hospitals and the Long- Term Care Hospital Prospective Payment Systems and Policy Changes and Fiscal Year 2017 Rates; Quality Reporting Requirements for Specific Providers; and others [CMS-1655- F; CMS-1644-F; CMS-1632-F] (RIN: 0938-AS77; 0938-AS88; 0938-AS41) received August 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 6683. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting certification that other countries have contributed, in-cluding assistance-in-kind, an amount not less than 40 percent of the $715 million appro-priated for the Iraq Train and Equip Fund and that not less than 50 percent of the amount contributed by other countries has been contributed by the Government of Iraq, pursuant to Public Law 113-291, Sec. 1236(k)(1), as amended; jointly to the Com-mittees on Foreign Affairs and Armed Serv-ices. 6684. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting the Third Quarterly Report for FY 2016 on the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994, pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 4332(b)(1); Public Law 103-353, Sec. 2(a) (as added by Public Law 110-389, Sec. 312(c)); (122 Stat. 4165); jointly to the Committees on the Judiciary and Veterans’ Affairs. 6685. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting the Eco-nomic Development Administration’s Fiscal Year 2015 Annual Report, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 3213; Public Law 89-136, Sec. 603 (as added by Public Law 105-393, Sec. 102(a)); (112 Stat. 3614); jointly to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Fi-nancial Services. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 5578. A bill to establish certain rights for sexual assault survivors, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–707, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3286. A bill to encour-age effective, voluntary private sector in-vestments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual presi-dential awards to private sector employers recognizing such efforts, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–708). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3471. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the provision of auto-mobiles and adaptive equipment by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs; with an amendment (Rept. 114–709). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3974. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide educational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician assistants of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to establish pay grades and require competitive pay for physician assist-ants of the Department; and for other pur-poses, with amendments (Rept. 114–710). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3881. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to repeal provisions relating only to the Allegheny National For-est; with an amendment (Rept. 114–711). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4245. A bill to exempt importation and exportation of sea urchins and sea cucumbers from licensing require-ments under the Endangered Species Act of 1973; with amendments (Rept. 114–712, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 5577. A bill to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to au-thorize the Secretary of the Interior to con-duct offshore oil and gas lease sales through Internet-based live lease sales, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–713). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3839. A bill to transfer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06SE7.000 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5095 September 6, 2016 
administrative jurisdiction over certain Bu-reau of Land Management land from the Sec-retary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–714, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 1157. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for the benefit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–715). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3342. A bill to provide for stability of title to certain lands in the State of Louisiana, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–716). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3843. A bill to authorize for a 7-year period the collection of claim lo-cation and maintenance fees, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–717, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4576. A bill to imple-ment the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fisheries Re-sources in the North Pacific Ocean, to imple-ment the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Re-sources in the South Pacific Ocean, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–718). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 5468. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to allow for prepay-ment of repayment obligations under Repay-ment Contracts between the United States and the Weber Basin Water Conservancy Dis-trict (Rept. 114–719). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. House Resolution 169. Reso-lution acknowledging and honoring brave young men from Hawaii who enabled the United States to establish and maintain ju-risdiction in remote equatorial islands as prolonged conflict in the Pacific lead to World War II (Rept. 114–720). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. S. 1579. An act to enhance and integrate Native American tourism, em-power Native American communities, in-crease coordination and collaboration be-tween Federal tourism assets, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States (Rept. 114–721 Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. S. 246. An act to establish the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–722). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4850. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to exempt certain micro-offerings from the registration re-quirements of such Act, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–723). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 843. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5063) to limit donations made pursuant to settle-ment agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 724). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 844. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2357) to di-rect the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion to revise Form S–3 so as to add listing and registration of a class of common equity securities on a national securities exchange as an additional basis for satisfying the re-quirements of General Instruction I.B.1. of such form and to remove such listing and registration as a requirement of General In-struction I.B.6. of such form, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5424) to amend the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to amend its rules to modernize certain requirements relating to investment advisers, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 725). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4852. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to re-vise Regulation D relating to exemptions from registration requirements for certain sales of securities; with an amendment (Rept. 114–726). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce and House Administration discharged from further consideration. S. 1579 re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state on the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 3839 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Transportation and In-frastructure and Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3843 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Ways and Means and Foreign Affairs discharged from fur-ther consideration. H.R. 4245 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5578 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. N
UNES , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. T HORN -
BERRY , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. D ENT, Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. C
OOK, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. C
HABOT , and Mr. W ILLIAMS ): H.R. 5931. A bill to provide for the prohibi-tion on cash payments to the Government of Iran, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. ZELDIN ): H.R. 5932. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to eliminate copayments by the Department of Veterans Affairs for medi-cines relating to preventive health services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. FLEISCHMANN: H.R. 5933. A bill to rescind certain Federal funds identified by States as unwanted and use the funds to reduce the Federal debt; to the Committee on Appropriations. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. C
ICILLINE , and Mr. D ENT): H.R. 5934. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to add certain synthetic sub-stances to schedule I, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mr. M
ULVANEY , and Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina): H.R. 5935. A bill to repeal the violation of sovereign nations’ laws and privacy matters; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MILLER of Florida (for himself and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California): H.R. 5936. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into agreements with certain health care providers to furnish health care to veterans, to authorize the Secretary to enter into certain leases at the Department of Veterans Affairs West Los Angeles Campus in Los Angeles, California, to make certain improvements to the en-hanced-use lease authority of the Depart-ment, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 5937. A bill to amend title 36, United States Code, to authorize the American Bat-tle Monuments Commission to acquire, oper-ate, and maintain the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial in Marnes-la-Coquette, France, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5938. A bill to amend title 4, United States Code, to permit the flag of the United States to be flown at half-staff in the event of the death of the Mayor of the District of Columbia; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 5939. A bill to require employers to provide pay stubs, codify the executive order relating to Government contracting, provide greater oversight of executive compensation and restrictions on sales of stocks, clarify the definition of a supervisor, and enhance penalties for violations of workforce safety and standards; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. POMPEO (for himself, Mr. R
OS-
KAM, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana, and Mr. C OSTELLO  of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5940. A bill to To prohibit the Presi-dent from using funds appropriated under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:53 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.036 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5096 September 6, 2016 
section 1304 of title 31, United States Code, to make payments to Iran, to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iranian persons that hold or detain United States citizens, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Rules, and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa (for himself and Mr. Z
ELDIN ): H.R. 5941. A bill to provide for congres-sional review of transfers of funds from Exec-utive agencies to state sponsors of terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Rules, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD: H. Res. 841. A resolution expressing the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of the Honorable Mark Takai, a Representative from the State of Hawaii; considered and agreed to. By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H. Res. 842. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the terrorist attacks launched against the United States on September 11, 2001, on the 15th anniversary of that date; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Armed Services, Trans-portation and Infrastructure, the Judiciary, Homeland Security, and Intelligence (Per-manent Select), for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. L
OBIONDO (for himself, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. P OSEY , and Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida): H. Res. 845. A resolution supporting the designation of the week of September 17 through September 24, 2016, as National Es-tuaries Week; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 846. A resolution calling on Con-gress to enact a new preclearance formula for the Voting Rights Act and condemning voter suppression laws enacted by States and political subdivisions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
290. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of Kansas, relative to Resolution No. 1798, opposing the Obama Administration Title IX guidance as an act of executive overreach that threatens the rights to privacy, safety and education of students in Kansas; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 291. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of New Jersey, relative to Resolution No. 37, urging the U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services and Congress to inves-tigate practices involving direct and indirect remuneration fees and take appropriate steps to safeguard fairness and transparency; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ROYCE: H.R. 5931. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 5932. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the au-thority to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. FLEISCHMANN: H.R. 5933. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expendi-tures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 5934. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5935. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 5936. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 5937. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5938. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 5939. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Powe r...T o  regulate Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 5940. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 5941. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mrs. H ARTZLER . H.R. 188: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 213: Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Mr. F
ARR, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 225: Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. C ARO-
LYNB. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 226: Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. H
ASTINGS , and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. H.R. 232: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 250: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 286: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 292: Ms. E
DWARDS . H.R. 430: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 539: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 546: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 584: Mr. G
UINTA . H.R. 592: Ms. E
DWARDS . H.R. 605: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ and Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York. H.R. 663: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 670: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. M
CKINLEY , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 700: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 711: Mr. B
LUM, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. R OGERS  of Kentucky, Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, and Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 745: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 746: Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 759: Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. L OEBSACK , and Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 875: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 902: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 920: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 921: Mr. C
ONNOLLY and Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 932: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 1061: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ and Mr. G RI-
JALVA . H.R. 1062: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 1089: Mr. C
OOK and Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD . H.R. 1151: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Mr. C OFF-
MAN. H.R. 1209: Mr. P
OMPEO , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. T
ONKO , and Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali- fornia. H.R. 1211: Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 1248: Mr. S
ANFORD and Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 1258: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Ms. H AHN, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1316: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 1342: Mr. L
ANCE and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 1356: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 1380: Mr. C
ARTER of Texas. H.R. 1387: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 1399: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 1427: Mr. B
OST, Mr. D ENT, Mr. S HER-
MAN, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. D UN-
CANof South Carolina, and Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ . H.R. 1453: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:53 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06SE7.100 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5097 September 6, 2016 
H.R. 1516: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 1538: Mr. L
OEBSACK , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1552: Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali- fornia and Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 1559: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 1600: Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 1602: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 1603: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 1618: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 1653: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 1706: Ms. D
ELBENEand Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 1728: Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. H.R. 1854: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 1856: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 1877: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1902: Mr. E
NGEL and Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ . H.R. 1976: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 2035: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2058: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. C OFF-
MAN, Mr. M ULLIN , and Mr. M OOLENAAR . H.R. 2096: Mr. J
OYCE , Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 2101: Miss R
ICEof New York and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2102: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 2151: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 2173: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2174: Mr. L
UCAS . H.R. 2191: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 2246: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 2278: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 2290: Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. W
ENSTRUP , and Ms. G RANGER . H.R. 2302: Mr. S
MITH of Washington and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2313: Mr. L
ANGEVIN and Mr. H ANNA . H.R. 2315: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 2319: Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H.R. 2342: Mr. G
RAYSON , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 2355: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 2368: Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. C
APPS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mr. H
IGGINS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor- gia, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. P
INGREE , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. T
ONKO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. H
UFFMAN , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN . H.R. 2404: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 2441: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 2461: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi and Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 2493: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 2519: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 2536: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 2656: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 2715: Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. L INDA T. S
A´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 2726: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 2775: Mr. M
ULLIN . H.R. 2817: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 2846: Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 2902: Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. N AD-
LER, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-nois, Mr. CLAY, Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 2903: Mr. F
LORES , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 2972: Mr. C
LAYand Mr. R USH. H.R. 2991: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 3084: Mr. R
OSS, Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 3099: Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 3119: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. C HABOT , Ms. H AHN, Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Mr. Roskam, and Mr. R OG-
ERSof Alabama. H.R. 3130: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 3229: Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. H
ASTINGS , and Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3235: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. L OBI-
ONDO , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C
ICILLINE , and Mr. L EWIS. H.R. 3244: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 3255: Mr. K
LINE. H.R. 3323: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. W ILLIAMS , and Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 3337: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 3365: Mr. C
OHEN and Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 3381: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 3397: Mr. Y
ODER and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 3411: Mr. M
CNERNEY and Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD . H.R. 3520: Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 3522: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN and Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 3523: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 3546: Ms. M
ENG, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. D ENT, Mr. Y ARMUTH and Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 3573: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 3632: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 3652: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 3660: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 3712: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 3713: Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H.R. 3765: Mr. H
ILL, Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 3790: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 3815: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. T
ROTT , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. E SHOO , and Mrs. L
OWEY . H.R. 3886: Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali- fornia, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. Grijalva, and Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 3929: Mr. H
IMES, Ms. L EE, Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, and Mr. S MITH of Texas. H.R. 4016: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 4019: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 4055: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 4057: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 4162: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 4211: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 4212: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 4229: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4247: Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 4277: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. L
EE, Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. E LLISON . H.R. 4399: Mr. R
ICHMOND and Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4435: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 4475: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 4480: Mr. H
ECKof Washington and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4481: Mr. R
OONEY of Florida, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, and Ms. G
RANGER . H.R. 4485: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 4499: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 4514: Mr. PALAZZO , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 4515: Mr. R
OYCE . H.R. 4523: Mr. M
ASSIE . H.R. 4552: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 4585: Mr. P
ETERSON , Ms. L EE, Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. V ELA, and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 4592: Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. M
CCAUL, and Mr. D OLD. H.R. 4598: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 4613: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4616: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 4621: Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington, and Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 4622: Mr. G
IBSON . H.R. 4626: Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. S CHRADER , and Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 4636: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 4640: Mr. R
ATKO . H.R. 4662: Mr. C
ONNOLLY and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4667: Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 4695: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. L O-
RETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. T EDLIEU of California, and Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 4696: Ms. N
ORTON and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 4706: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 4708: Ms. M
OORE , Ms. B ROWN of Flor- ida, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. K
USTER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. K IND, and Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT . H.R. 4715: Mr. F
OSTER , Ms. J ENKINS of Kan- sas, and Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 4760: Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. G RAVES of Lou- isiana, and Mr. W
ESTMORELAND . H.R. 4764: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. S COTT of Vir- ginia, Mr. R
USH, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, and Mr. G RAYSON . H.R. 4766: Mr. R
OYCE . H.R. 4773: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 4784: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4796: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4817: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4893: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama and Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 4919: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 4932: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 4938: Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R
IBBLE , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mrs. C
APPS , Ms. L EE, Mr. T HORNBERRY , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 4955: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 4980: Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 4989: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 5006: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 5021: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 5023: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 5061: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 5073: Mr. F
OSTER and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 5097: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 5143: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 5147: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5167: Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 5177: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 5180: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B RAT, Mr. H
ILL, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. W ITTMAN , and Mr. H
ECKof Nevada. H.R. 5182: Mr. I
SRAEL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mr. K
ILMER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.040 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5098 September 6, 2016 
H.R. 5190: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 5204: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 5215: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 5219: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , and Mrs. C APPS . H.R. 5230: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 5232: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 5240: Mrs. W
AGNER and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 5265: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 5292: Mr. B
UCSHON , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. S WALWELL of California, and Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 5304: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 5321: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER and Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 5333: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 5351: Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , and Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-lina. H.R. 5386: Mr. J
ONES , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. S
CHIFF , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 5395: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5405: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 5426: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 5432: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 5475: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 5499: Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 5552: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE and Mr. R IBBLE . H.R. 5555: Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5560: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. F
ARR, Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. T
AKANO , and Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 5576: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 5578: Mr. M
EEHAN and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 5587: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. H
ECKof Nevada, Mr. I SSA, Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 5589: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 5601: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 5619: Mr. B
URGESS and Mr. M CKINLEY . H.R. 5620: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. F LORES , Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. W ALBERG . H.R. 5632: Mr. N
EAL. H.R. 5682: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 5686: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mrs. C APPS , and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 5689: Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. M
ENG, and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . H.R. 5691: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. F
OSTER , and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5692: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 5693: Ms. S
LAUGHTER and Mr. T EDLIEU of California. H.R. 5708: Mr. P
ITTS, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. R
OHRABACHER , and Mr. D ESANTIS . H.R. 5719: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 5720: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5727: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 5732: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. M
CCAUL, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. L ORETTA  S
ANCHEZ of California, Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 5745: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5750: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 5756: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. H
ONDA , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. LEE, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 5765: Mr. J
OYCE . H.R. 5790: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 5799: Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5809: Mr. J
OYCE . H.R. 5810: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 5815: Mr. C
HAFFETZ . H.R. 5816: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 5859: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 5904: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , and Mr. F LEMING . H.R. 5920: Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H.R. 5930: Ms. L
EE. H.J. Res. 9: Mr. S
MITH of Texas and Mr. L
ANCE . H.J. Res. 22: Mr. A
SHFORD . H.J. Res. 23: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H. Con. Res. 19: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H. Con. Res. 33: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H. Con. Res. 114: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. M ULVANEY . H. Con. Res. 141: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. R ANGEL . H. Con. Res. 146: Mr. H
ILLand Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK . H. Res. 28: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois and Ms. D
ELAURO . H. Res. 54: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H. Res. 112: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H. Res. 130: Mr. L
EWIS. H. Res. 154: Miss R
ICEof New York. H. Res. 207: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia and Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H. Res. 220: Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. S CHRADER . H. Res. 265: Mr. G
IBSON . H. Res. 289: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H. Res. 352: Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, and Mr. H
ULTGREN . H. Res. 469: Mr. C
ALVERT . H. Res. 487: Mr. P
EARCE . H. Res. 494: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H. Res. 528: Mr. V
ELAand Mr. C ICILLINE . H. Res. 650: Ms. D
EGETTE . H. Res. 660: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H. Res. 683: Mrs. B
EATTY and Ms. L EE. H. Res. 703: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H. Res. 729: Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. S WALWELL of California, and Mr. S
CALISE . H. Res. 748: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H. Res. 752: Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mr. K ATKO , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. L
EVIN, Ms. E SHOO , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. N EAL, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY  of New York, Mr. M
OULTON , and Mr. Z INKE. H. Res. 769: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H. Res. 807: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia and Mr. R
UIZ. H. Res. 808: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H. Res. 813: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. C
LAWSON of Florida, Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. C ULBERSON , and Mr. G
RIJALVA . H. Res. 821: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H. Res. 835: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H. Res. 836: Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. G
OSAR . H. Res. 837: Mr. B
EYER and Mr. L EWIS. H. Res. 840: Ms. MOORE , Mr. C RAMER , Ms. N
ORTON , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative J
OHNCONYERS , JR. or a designee, to H.R. 5063, the Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016, does not contain any con-gressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative B
ILLFOSTER or a designee, to H.R. 5424, the Investment Advisers Mod-ernization Act of 2016, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax bene-fits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
79. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Councilmember Carla Smith, Atlanta, GA, relative to Resolution 16-R-3942, urging the United States Congress to identify a reliable funding stream to address deferred mainte-nance needs of America’s National Park Sys-tem; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 80. Also, a petition of the Governing Body of the City of Santa Fe, New Mexico, relative to Resolution No. 2016-56, urging Congress to create a reliable, predictable stream of re-sources to address deferred maintenance needs in America’s National Park System; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 81. Also, a petition of The City Commission of Miami Beach, FL, relative to Resolution No. 2016-29482, calling upon federal and state- elected officials to collaborate with local of-ficials and first responders to prevent mass shootings and large-scale human loss of life and suffering from mass shootings in Amer-ica by limiting the availability and use of military grade, high capacity magazine as-sault weapons to law enforcement agencies; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 82. Also, a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Wat-son, a citizen of Austin, Texas, relative to urging the Congress to propose, for ratifica-tion by special conventions held within the individual states, an amendment to the United States Constitution which would grant to Congress the ability to veto, by sim-ple majority vote of at least one house of Congress, any rule, any regulation, any pol-icy, or any procedure adopted by any agency within the Executive branch of the Federal Government, with the sole exception of the Executive Office of the President; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 83. Also, a petition of the City Council of East Orange, NJ, relative to Resolution I-178, encouraging Congress to pass common sense gun sale restriction laws on those listed on the ‘‘Terror Watch List’’ designation by the Department of Homeland Security; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE7.045 H06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5227 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 2016 No. 133 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Gracious Father, fill our Senators with Your truth and peace. Let Your truth bring them freedom from anx-iety, fear, pride, timidity, and sin. Let Your peace guard their hearts, remind-ing them of the power of Your sov-ereignty and grace. As they have op-portunity, empower them to do good for all people. Thank You for bestowing such love upon us that we can be called Your children. Lord, use us for Your glory as You keep us on the path You have selected for our lives. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). The majority leader is rec-ognized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. APPOINTMENTS Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand appointments were made during the adjournment of the Senate. I ask that they be stated for the record. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, upon the recommendation of the majority leader, pursuant to Public Law 105–292, as amended by Public Law 106–55, Public Law 107–228, and Public Law 112–75, appoints the following indi-vidual to the United States Commis-sion on International Religious Free-dom: Clifford D. May of Maryland. The Chair announces, on behalf of the majority leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 114–140, the appointment of the following individ-uals to serve as members of the Evi-dence-Based Policymaking Commis-sion: Kathleen B. Rice of Indiana (data minimization/personal-identifiable in-formation expert), Robert J. Shea of Virginia (data expert with experience in administering programs), and Ken-neth R. Troske of Kentucky (academic researcher/data expert). 
f 
ISSUES BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I welcome everyone back from what I hope was a productive State work pe-riod. I am sure I speak for all of us when I say that traveling to our States and meeting with those we represent is one of the best parts of this job. It is also one of the most important. That is because it allows us to hear different perspectives on critical issues and re-minds us of the real difference good policy can make in the lives of the American people. From funding the government to sup-porting our servicemembers and taking action on issues such as Zika, we have a lot to get done in this upcoming work period. I look forward to working with colleagues on these and other impor-tant issues in the coming weeks. As I mentioned, over the State work period, Senators on both sides had op-portunities to meet with constituents and talk with them about a number of serious problems facing our country. From combating the Zika virus to ad-dressing an array of national security challenges, Americans such as those I met with back home wanted to know what steps both parties are taking to help. For our friends across the aisle, that must have been a little bit of a dif-ficult conversation. That is because be-fore the work period, Senate Demo-crats filibustered funding to combat Zika and to support veterans—not once but twice. They also filibustered fund-ing to provide resources for our serv-icemembers and national defense prior-ities. It is hard to explain why, despite their own calls for funding, Senate Democrats decided to block a bill that could help keep pregnant women and babies safer from Zika. It is also hard to explain why—de-spite the array of terror attacks we have seen across the world—Senate Democrats decided to block a bill that could help keep the American people safer from threats like ISIL. Our colleagues across the aisle can point to a series of partisan excuses, but the bottom line is this: There is no good explanation for blocking these public health and national security funding bills. Over the summer, there were impor-tant steps taken to combat the virus. The administration took the guidance of Appropriations Chairmen C
OCHRAN  and R
OGERS , and with the advocacy of Members such as Senators B
LUNT and R
UBIO, HHS shifted funds already avail-able to them to strengthen our defense against the virus. Aerial spraying also started early in August and has produced positive re-sults. The CDC Director has said he has been ‘‘impressed by the effectiveness’’ of the spraying, noting the ‘‘substan-tial reduction in the number of mosqui-toes’’ in the transmission areas, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:12 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.000 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5228 September 6, 2016 
these issues have certainly not gone away. In fact, this summer brought even more cases of Zika, with mos-quitos now spreading the virus in some counties and health officials issuing travel warnings for pregnant women going to Miami. This summer also brought with it even more ISIL-inspired or directed terror attacks from France to Turkey, as well as more concerns of growing ag-gression from countries like North Korea, which recently test-launched another missile. These instances from the summer further underscore the urgency of the challenges facing us and why it is im-perative our colleagues end their irre-sponsible filibusters of these bills. So today we will give Senate Demo-crats another opportunity to follow through on their own calls for action on Zika, to support our veterans who deserve the treatment and benefits they have earned, and to provide for our servicemembers who sacrifice so much to protect the country and the people we love. I hope our colleagues will join us now to finally end their senseless filibusters and help us do our part to address these serious issues. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-nority leader is recognized. 
f 
ISSUES BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. REID. Mr. President, I, too, am glad to be back. I appreciate all the people here whom we spend so much time with and all their good work. We have been gone for 7 weeks. Baseball season is about over. I wish it went year-round, but it doesn’t. So all good things come to an end, and we will have that over with in about a month. Today, the Republicans return from the longest summer recess in more than 60 years. I am still stunned that the Republican leader decided to have a 7-week vacation, and it was more im-portant to them than funding our Na-tion’s Zika response or giving Merrick Garland a hearing or even meeting with him or keeping terrorists and criminals from buying guns, and as the New York Times reported in some de-tail on Sunday, climate change is here. Military installations—like those in Virginia as an example, but they are not the only ones—are in peril of sur-viving. Whole neighborhoods are under water. Highways and bridges to islands are unpassable for weeks at a time— but 7 weeks of vacation and not a word of debate on the rising seas, and they are here. Just ask anyone in Florida trying to pass a bond issue now for bil-lions of dollars to raise the highways and the roads and the foundations of buildings. Now, because of the Republican lead-er’s decision to recess for the summer, Congress is floundering because of Re-publican inaction. The Senate has a mountain of work to do and no time to do it. First and foremost, the Senate needs to fund efforts to combat Zika. It is a dreaded problem sweeping this coun-try. Earlier this year, Democrats tried in vain to bring Republicans to the re-alization that Zika was imperiling the health of all but especially women of child-bearing age. We accepted the Senate Zika compromise. Last May, 89 Senators voted to pass that legislation. Republicans in the House said no, and then surprisingly, when we tried to pass it as a stand-lone here, the Repub-lican Senate said we will not agree to what we agreed to a few weeks ago— stunning, to say the least. President Obama proposed a meeting with Senator MCCONNELL , Speaker R
YAN, Secretary Burwell, and Director Donovan to work on the Zika crisis. They said no to the meeting. Demo-crats offered to negotiate a com-promise, but Republicans rejected our efforts to compromise. Republicans were more interested in attacking Planned Parenthood and flying the Confederate flag than protecting women and babies from this awful virus. As Republicans stalled, Zika spread quickly. Puerto Rico has been ravaged by the virus. Two thousand Puerto Ricans are infected each week—dif-ferent Puerto Ricans. Remember, Puer-to Ricans are citizens of the United States. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention predicted that by the end of the year, 25 percent of Puerto Rico’s population will be infected by Zika. That is 900,000 people. Last month, the Department of Health and Human Services declared a health emergency in Puerto Rico due to the Zika virus. Democrats pleaded for Republicans to cut short their 7- week break and return to the Capitol in order to pass emergency Zika fund-ing. Republicans said: No, we are going to stay home some more. While the Republican Senate insisted on vacation, Zika spread to the main-land in the United States. Local trans-mission of Zika was confirmed in Flor-ida and elsewhere. Last week, public health officials in Florida even trapped some mosquitoes carrying this virus. To date, nearly 17,000 men, women, and children in the United States and its territories have been infected with Zika, claiming 1,600 pregnant women, and 16 babies have been born with the deforming birth defects caused by Zika. We still don’t understand all the dev-astating effects of this virus. That is why we need more study. We know, though, about microcephaly—the birth defect that inhibits brain development and prevents the skull from growing. We have all seen the heart-wrenching pictures of babies with tiny heads, but in recent weeks we have also learned newborns with Zika face other prob-lems, such as hearing loss, vision im-pairment, and joint deformities. Be-cause of Republican inaction, our en-tire Nation is exposed to this scourge. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention do not have the resources to fight Zika. CDC Director Thomas Frieden told reporters: The cupboard is bare. . . . Basically, we are out of money and we need Congress to act. 
We must stop the spread of this dis-ease. We need to learn more. We need to pass a bipartisan funding bill that gives doctors, researchers, and public health officials the resources they re-quire to understand and fight the spread of this deadly virus. We passed something here with 89 votes. As I said, it went to the House. They sent it back with all this strange, weird stuff in it. They cut funding for the Veterans’ Ad-ministration by one-half billion dol-lars. They tried to disguise the fact that what they were trying to do was to eliminate Planned Parenthood. Re-member, last year 2 million American women went to Planned Parenthood for help. Now, with this Zika virus fright-ening women all over America, they want to cut this off. As I said, they did other things. When I talk about flying the Confederate flag, I am not kidding. Part of the leg-islation sent back to us said they could continue flying the Confederate flag over military installations. Is that something we could vote for? Of course not. The continuing resolution, that has become the kind of thing we do around here since Republicans have perfected filibusters. Continuing resolutions are a way of saying we can’t do our regular appropriations work, so let’s do some-thing that gets us through the year. We must focus on our efforts to keep the government open. Press reports indi-cate that Republicans want to pass a continuing resolution that extends into next year. That seems odd—strange. We just completed 7 weeks of doing nothing—none of our country’s essen-tial business—and now Republicans are suggesting another 10 weeks of vaca-tion. Speaker R
YAN and Senator M
CCONNELL should understand that Democrats will not support 10 more weeks away from Washington. We have a lot of work to do. We cannot ignore the Nation’s work any longer. Presi-dent Obama will reject any continuing resolution that extends into 2017. Notably, Members of Congress re-ceived their pay during the 7 weeks we were out of Washington and would re-ceive their salaries during the Repub-licans’ proposed 10-week recess. Let’s be clear. A funding resolution that stretches into next year is a permission slip for Congress to refuse to do its job for the rest of the year. The next Sen-ate should not begin months behind be-cause of this Republican Senate’s fail-ure to do its job. Once we have ensured that the government is properly fund-ed, we must turn our attention to the important issues that the Republican Senate has failed to adequately ad-dress, and these are only some of them. How about the Supreme Court and judicial nominations? The Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.002 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5229 September 6, 2016 
needs to give the U.S. Supreme Court a full complement of nine Justices. The Republicans still refuse to give Chief Judge Merrick Garland a hearing or a vote. O
RRIN HATCH , who opened the Senate a few minutes ago, has said Merrick Garland is a consensus nomi-nation. I don’t know if he forgot what he said or didn’t mean it at the time. I think he did mean it at the time. Re-publicans want to hold the seat open for Donald Trump to fill. If that doesn’t startle you, I don’t know what would. What more do you need to see from Trump to realize that he is dangerous and unfit for the Presidency? How can you hold a Supreme Court vacancy open for this man and his weird ideas? It is not just the Supreme Court. Re-publicans have deadlocked our entire system of justice because of the Repub-lican Senate’s dysfunction. This Re-publican Senate has confirmed the few-est circuit and district court judges in many decades. Republicans want Trump to remake the justice system in his image. What an image that would be—a Trump judiciary. To show the American people’s dis-gust with how Republicans have treat-ed Merrick Garland’s nomination, starting today I am objecting to com-mittees meeting for other purposes until the Judiciary Committee sched-ules a meeting to consider Judge Gar-land’s nomination. If the Republican leader thinks there is a committee that needs to meet because of extraordinary circumstances, I would be pleased to consider his request. But in the mean-time, as of today, we are objecting to committees meeting, in line with the rules of the Senate. In addition to ending the disgusting and repugnant opposition to Merrick Garland’s nomination to the Supreme Court, we must also pass legislation to keep guns and explosives out of the hands of suspected terrorists and other dangerous individuals. How many more acts of gun violence must we witness before we need to do something about it? How many more slaughters must we witness? The American people agree with us. Eighty-five percent want to do something about this worsening gun situation. It is gun violence. Eighty- five percent of Americans support leg-islation to keep guns away from sus-pected terrorists. This is the case all over America. Sensible background checks—that is all it is. The Senate Republicans should listen to the American people and stop listen-ing to the National Rifle Association. We must take a stand against violence. There are many, many other pressing ideas. We need to address the criminal justice system, which is in deep need of repair and renovation. The United States needs to help make college more affordable for American families. The United States needs to address cam-paign finance reform. We must keep dark money out of politics. It is here and getting bigger every day, prin-cipally because of two people—the Koch brothers. The Kochs today are in hog heaven because they now can se-cretly funnel money to all their clan-destine committees and groups. They are spending hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars, funneling money to the Chamber of Commerce, the Na-tional Rifle Association, and many other front groups that no one has ever heard of—none of us have—but they are out running those ads with this secret money. The U.S. Senate has much to do; I have mentioned only a few of the things. We have to use our time wisely. Sadly, for the last 7 weeks, we have not been using our time in a productive manner, and that is an understate-ment. That is why I was baffled to learn that the Republicans want to move to the Water Resources Develop-ment Act next week. I understand WRDA legislation. I have been chair-man of that committee on two separate occasions. I know there is money in this bill for beleaguered Flint, MI. The people of Flint have waited months and months for this overdue relief. Also in this bill is the Tahoe Restora-tion Act, which I support. Last Wednesday I had my 20th and last sum-mit on Lake Tahoe. It is a much better place because of what we have done over the last 20 years. Two billion dol-lars has been spent on that beautiful lake. There is only one other lake like it in the whole world, and that is in Si-beria. I know how important this Tahoe Restoration Act is. The fact re-mains that the Republican House is not going to pass it anyway, but I am will-ing to do what I can to act responsibly by not blocking this bill, as the Repub-licans would do, but we will legislate very carefully. Staffs are working to find out if we can have a path forward. I hope we can. I appreciate the good work of Sen-ators B
OXER and I NHOFE . I am hopeful that we can find a path forward on WRDA, as well as Zika, funding the government, and other matters about which I have spoken. In the meantime, the Senate has to prioritize. I know the Republican leader sets the Senate schedule, but he should acknowledge the situation for what it is. Now we have a logjam of important legislation that he created by recessing for 7 weeks—7 weeks, everybody. We have a mess, but the mess is of the Republican leader’s own making. Now that the Republicans have finally decided to come back to the Nation’s Capital, it is time we move forward on these important issues that have been ignored for 7 weeks. In short, it is time for the Republicans to do their job. Mr. President, I see no one on the floor. I ask that the Chair announce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2017—CONFERENCE REPORT The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the conference report to accompany H.R. 2577, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: Conference report to accompany H.R. 2577, a bill making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
OBAMACARE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, over the past several weeks, I spent a lot of time traveling around my home State of Wyoming. I know the Presiding Offi-cer spent a lot of time traveling around his home State of Oklahoma. I talked to a lot of people in Wyoming, as he did in Oklahoma, about one of the top con-cerns of the things that are on their minds. To me, and I know to the Pre-siding Officer, that has been the Obama health care law and the disastrous problems that people are facing. People now tell me that some of them are pay-ing more for their health insurance than they are for their mortgage. That is not just a problem in Oklahoma or in Wyoming; it is a problem all across the country. And that is now. What they are also doing is reading stories in the papers, front-page stories that are saying the rates next year are going to go up again—not just a little but a lot. I know that my Senate col-leagues from all across the country— Republicans and Democrats—are hear-ing that because of the disastrous prob-lems that the Obama health care law is currently experiencing. In Wyoming, the Obama health insurance exchange has only one company selling insur-ance—only one. Wyoming is not alone. This wasn’t supposed to happen. The Democrats in Congress who sup-ported this health care law said that they were going to create more com-petition—bring down prices by lots of competition. I can still remember when the President gave a speech to Con-gress in 2009, and what did he tell us? He said that in 34 States, 75 percent of the insurance market was controlled by five or fewer companies—five or fewer. Now in Wyoming we are down to one. The President said that without com-petition, the price of insurance goes up, and he said that the quality goes down. That is what President Obama said 7 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.004 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5230 September 6, 2016 
years ago. He said that five options or fewer were such a threat to competi-tion and to quality of care for Amer-ican families that he needed to create his entire ObamaCare health care sys-tem. What is the situation today? One- third of America will have only one ObamaCare insurer in 2017. The color- coded map from the Kaiser Family Foundation came out just last week, and it shows all these areas in orange have only one ObamaCare insurer sell-ing insurance in their locations. I note that Oklahoma and Wyoming are all in orange. Millions of Americans will have fewer choices in 2017 than they had in 2016, with one-third of the country hav-ing only one option for coverage next year. The Obama administration said that these were supposed to be com-petitive marketplaces. That is what President Obama said. When there is only one company selling a product in an area, that is not competition; that is a monopoly. The President ought to understand that, and so should every Democrat in this body. What do the national newspapers have to say about it? The Wall Street Journal, front page story, last week, August 29: ‘‘Health-Plan Choices Shrink.’’ It says that in 31 percent of U.S. counties, insurance exchanges appear likely to offer consumers only one op-tion. It is a monopoly. That is the Wall Street Journal. You go through the ar-ticle and it will tell you 2.3 million people currently on ObamaCare will have one option for when they shop next year. What are people expecting? They are expecting their insurance premiums to go up? When will they go up? November 1, a week before the election. When people start signing up for next year’s insurance, they will see the incredible sticker shock and how that affects them. That is what competition looks like under President Obama. There is only one insurance company in all of those orange areas. I see the minority leader left to go back to his office—the same office, be-hind closed doors, where the health care law was written. He is from the State of Nevada. Let’s look at the State of Nevada—orange, orange, orange. All of those counties, other than this one area, have just one option because these very bright peo-ple—the architects of ObamaCare— wrote a health care law behind that closed door that says that one in three Americans will only have one ObamaCare insurer in 2017. It was what we predicted on the floor of the Senate as this bill was being de-bated. President Obama said: No, you are all wrong. It doesn’t matter wheth-er it was the minority leader, who was then the majority leader. They obvi-ously lost the majority as a result of the poor judgment of the Democrats, N
ANCY PELOSI saying that first you have to pass it before you get to find out what is in it, or others who said this is going to be wonderful. This is what the American people are facing now. All the areas in blue have only two options to choose from. It is astonishing what has happened. When you are down to one choice, you basi-cally have no choice. Except for the people in Pinal County, AZ—this area in red—they actually have no choices. No one wants to sell ObamaCare insur-ance to the people who live there— none. It is an ObamaCare ghost town. The others may be ObamaCare waste-lands or no man’s land, but this is an ObamaCare ghost town. What does President Obama say about that? It has gotten so bad in some places that State insurance com-missioners have said that some of the ObamaCare exchanges are very near collapse. Does President Obama hear any of these things? Do the Senate Democrats hear any of these things? You would think they would if they go home and talk to people who live in their home States, but the insurance commissioner in Tennessee described the situation in her State as very near collapse. Now, if you look at Tennessee on the map, there are actually some places where they have more than one choice, but the companies that are selling in-surance are saying: We cannot do it; we cannot continue because of the losses that have been incurred by trying to comply with all of the rules and regula-tions of the Obama health care law. The people in Tennessee who get ObamaCare insurance will be paying as much as 62 percent more starting in January. When they go to sign up on November 1, they will pay 62 percent more in January. Our colleague from Tennessee, Sen-ator LAMAR ALEXANDER , recently said that for a 40-year-old person who is a nonsmoker, lives in his home State of Tennessee, and buys the cheapest pos-sible ObamaCare silver plan, com-paring this year’s plan to next year’s plan, that same person is going to have to pay $852 more than they did this year—not $852 but $852 more than they did this year. I talked to Senator K
IRK, our col-league from Illinois, about that, and they will pay 45 percent more next year. Georgia will pay 33 percent more. These aren’t just proposed increases. These are increases that have been ap-proved by the insurance commissioner of those States. It is interesting that when the Demo-crats come to the floor, they say: Well, they are only proposed increases that will never happen. These are the in-creases that have been approved by the insurance commissioners of each of those States. Premiums are going through the roof. Americans are stuck with fewer options because the insur-ance companies just can’t afford to sell on the exchanges due to the rules, reg-ulations, and mandates of the ex-changes. It is interesting to note that if you pick up a newspaper, you have to page all the way through to get to the sto-ries. Here is the Washington Post, dated Sunday, August 28. The Pre-siding Officer can see it. It says: ‘‘Health exchange sign-ups fall short.’’ Well, if this is such a great deal, as the President says it is, why are the health exchange signups falling short? The American people know it is not a good deal. It is not a good deal for them per-sonally. It goes on to say: ‘‘Several firms opt-out citing losses.’’ When you go through the whole arti-cle, it goes on to say that the ‘‘Obama administration’s promise’’—promise of a menu of health care choices—‘‘has been replaced by a grim forecast.’’ Those are their words—‘‘a grim fore-cast.’’ This is the forecast right here on the map. This is what the country has gotten because of President Obama’s plan and the demands by the Demo-crats that they take complete control of the health care in this country rath-er than leaving it in the hands of the men and women at home across the country who know what is best for them and their families. People living in one-third of the country won’t have any choice next year. They will all have to deal with an ObamaCare health insurance monopoly and heading to ObamaCare no man’s land. Companies are giving up because peo-ple don’t want ObamaCare insurance. People can’t afford it, and they are not buying it. They say that for them it is not a good deal. The Congressional Budget Office made some predictions. They predicted there would be about 24 million people signed up for ObamaCare by now. They made that prediction 1 year or so ago. The actual number is just 11 million. They overestimated by more than 2 to 1. From the very beginning, the health care law has failed to live up to the hype and to all the promises that Democrats and President Obama have made. Remember when President Obama said: Under this law, if you like your insurance, you can keep your insur-ance. If you like your insurance, you can keep your insurance. That is what the President told the American peo-ple. One of the factfinders called it the lie of the year. But President Obama said: If you like your insurance, you can keep your insurance. Here is USA Today of August 30, and the front page says: ‘‘Health care choices choked further.’’ More than 2 million people could be bumped from insurance plans in 2017. More than 2 million people currently on ObamaCare could be bumped from their plans, and the President looked the American people in the eye and said: If you like what you have, you can keep it. That is what the American people are facing today. So one in three only have one insurer to choose from. The situation is going to get worse. State insurance commissioners say things are very near collapse. What is the best thing the President can do and says about all of this? He says to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.005 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5231 September 6, 2016 
Democrats: Forcefully defend and be proud. Where are the proud defenders? Where are they today? Why aren’t they here on the floor of the Senate defend-ing this monstrosity that has hurt so many American people who had insur-ance? If you want to help people who didn’t have insurance, you shouldn’t have to hurt people who do have insur-ance. Yet I don’t see the Democrats who are supposed to be proud and forcefully defending this law coming to the floor. I challenge them to come to the floor and debate me about this law and the impact it has had on the Amer-ican people. What does Hillary Clinton say? She is running for President. She says: Defend and improve. Why aren’t her sup-porters here on the Senate floor de-fending it? These ideas have failed. The promises have gone up in smoke. Do they have any solutions? Do they have any recommendations? The rec-ommendations are more Washington control. That is what Zeke Emanuel said the other day on television. He is the architect who sat behind the closed doors over there and came up with this plan, along with the Senate minority leader and a number of the Senate Democrats. That is what he says—more Washington control, more taxpayer money, and bigger taxpayer funded subsidies. That is what they said. Hillary Clinton talks about expand-ing the failing Medicaid Program. They want to hurt our seniors by cramming more people onto the Medicare Pro-gram, which is already headed for in-solvency. Americans know that our health care system is in trouble. ObamaCare has failed. It is in the in-surance death spiral, and Democrats cannot fix it by making it larger. People in one-third of the counties in America won’t have a choice for where they buy their health insurance start-ing November 1. America does have a choice when it comes to fixing our bro-ken health care system. We can choose to get rid of ObamaCare and put solu-tions in place that we know actually will work for people—not for unelected and unaccountable bureaucrats but for people who we talked to in our home States over the August break. It means letting people get out from under the burden of all the Washington man-dates. It is the mandates that are real-ly the cause of these devastating price increases. We want to create real com-petition, not ObamaCare monopolies. We should let people choose the cov-erage and costs that are right for them and their families, not what Wash-ington says is right for them. When we are from a rural State such as Wyoming or from the Presiding Offi-cer’s State of Oklahoma, we know about rural medicine, we know about rural health care, we know about big distances, and we know what people need. The people there know a lot bet-ter than what people in Washington think they know about smalltown and rural America. The Republicans in this body and Re-publicans all around the country are going to continue to fight. We will not stop fighting for the kinds of reform that get the power out of Washington and gives the power back to the States so people can have more control of the decisions that affect them, their lives, their communities, and their future. Democrats don’t have any ideas other than higher subsidies, more govern-ment control, more one-size-fits-all for the failed policies of the past. These policies, I will tell the Presiding Offi-cer, have failed. From the President’s first speech, where he was condemning the fact that there were only four or five choices, to now, where you are looking at one, two, or zero choices, this points to the failure of the ObamaCare health care law. It is time, as we get back here—and I hope that Democrats listened to peo-ple at home and heard their com-plaints—for Democrats to work with us and give the American people the health care they want, need, and de-serve. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor and suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 10 min-utes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I have a very personal interest in a vote that is coming up on Zika, and I wish to share my thoughts on that. Today we have the opportunity to provide the funding to help combat the mosquito-borne Zika virus that has hit Florida and some other southern States. As of this week, there have been 49 travel-related cases of the Zika virus in Florida and 576 travel-related cases altogether. Within those cases, 80 are pregnant women who have been in-fected with the virus. This is extremely concerning since the Zika virus has been linked to severe birth defects in children born from mothers who con-tracted the Zika virus. Zika has cre-ated a public health emergency that can’t be ignored. This isn’t the first time we have taken up this vote. In June, Senate Democrats blocked the passage of the conference report, claiming that funds did not need to be offset. The $1.1 bil-lion provided in funding in the con-ference report will be used to fight the Zika virus and prevent it from spread-ing. This is the same amount as the Senate-passed bill in which every Dem-ocrat voted in favor. All the Democrats voted for it. Republicans have put to-gether a responsible funding package that includes $750 million in offsets, with strong oversight and control to ensure that funds are being used prop-erly. There has been a lot of discussion and a lot of things we are saying here on the floor and to the public that the public doesn’t understand. They can’t be expected to understand; they are too busy out trying to make a living. But when they hear things like this, they shake their heads and they say: What is wrong with that system up there? I say this because there is a little girl who happens to be my sister’s grand-daughter. Her name is Callie Hamilton. Callie Hamilton has lived for some time in Florida, and she is pregnant. She has called me several times. She said: I don’t understand it. You have Democrats who are saying ‘‘We don’t want to do something to save the lives of these pregnant mothers in Florida and elsewhere unless you also fund Planned Parenthood and some of the other programs.’’ Everything gets all mixed up, and because of the sense of urgency, it is now a vehicle for every-body else to hitchhike on. Let me tell my colleagues, when I was asked the question by my own great-niece, who is pregnant and living in Florida, saying, Why is it that peo-ple aren’t too concerned about the po-litical politics of a vote when this is different from any other virus vote we have taken? We have had many, and normally there is some question as to what caused it, some question as to whether the solution is a viable solu-tion when, in fact, in this case, it is. There is no question about it. There are two things that are factual about this that we have not seen be-fore. First of all, the virus is con-tracted through mosquitoes. We all know that. Nobody refutes that. The second thing is, you can kill mosqui-toes, and everybody knows that. Now, whether the amount is $750 million or whatever the amount is—it doesn’t really matter; even if you are out there with a very small amount and you just kill several million mosquitoes, that could save lives, and it could be my grand-niece, Callie Hamilton. So this is different. I hope—and I am going to encourage my Republican and Democratic friends alike, when this vote comes up to consider, that this isn’t something to put something else on. This is something that—we can im-mediately get in there and eradicate a bunch of mosquitoes and save lives and very likely prevent this from hap-pening. I hope they will make an excep-tion on this. It doesn’t make any dif-ference about offsets. It doesn’t make any difference about the cost when we know we can save lives. This isn’t something that is up in the air and de-batable; these are facts we are aware of. I wasn’t going to talk about that, but I do think it is necessary for us to con-centrate on what we are really doing since we are now back here. We have been gone for several weeks. I think the country has probably benefited from that—I don’t know—but we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.007 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5232 September 6, 2016 
back now and we have an opportunity to do some things. 
WRDA  
Mr. President, I chair a committee and have chaired a committee that is called the Environment and Public Works Committee. It is a committee that—sometimes, somewhat jokingly, I say: Now we will hear from a com-mittee that actually does things. We do. We had the bill that was the FAST Act, the highway bill, the first one we have had in 17 years. It is one on which we all got along. We had Democrats and Republicans and passed it almost unanimously out of our committee, and almost unanimously we had sup-port on this floor. Then we came up with Frank Lauten-berg’s chemical safety act. That is an interesting one because there are a lot of Democrats who are opposed to that to begin with, yet there is no regula-tion over the use of chemicals—none whatsoever. So our manufacturing base has disappeared, many of them going to countries where they know they can define what a chemical is. There are a lot of liberals around who say: Let’s just oppose all chemicals. Well, obvi-ously, if we don’t have chemicals, we can’t manufacture, and that affects ev-eryone. So we have people going over-seas now. By the way, I have personally talked to them since we have that under control. For the first time in 4 years, we are getting people to come back to this country to manufacture. So we achieved that chemical bill. Working together with Senator B
OXER —this is interesting because when they talk about the most con-servative Members of the U.S. Senate, I am always in that crowd, and B
AR-
BARA BOXER is in the most liberal group, and yet we worked together on the things we are supposed to be doing. We have that old, worn-out document that nobody reads anymore called the Constitution, and it says that we are supposed to be defending America and doing infrastructure. So that is what this is all about. We have the WRDA bill, the Water Resources Development Act. It is com-ing up. If we get on that, it is going to benefit everyone. I worry about it be-cause we get to something that is good for everyone—Zika is a good example— and then all of a sudden opposition comes up, and you don’t know what the source of that opposition is, but it is there. Briefly, I want to cover these things because of the significance of the WRDA bill, the water resources bill. We talk about five different areas. One is the Corps projects. We know about the Corps of Engineers and its projects. There is one Member of the Senate who has had efforts and dogs in that fight— dams and levees. Certainly the occu-pier of the chair and I both know some of these problems that exist in our State of Oklahoma. The EPA water infrastructure on both drinking water and wastewater is something that—particularly in my State, a State that is primarily rural, we have a lot of small towns. They don’t know how in the world they are going to come up with the massive amounts of millions of dollars to some-how do something to stop the unfunded mandates that come from government, primarily the EPA. When I was mayor of Tulsa, that was the biggest problem we had because we had unfunded man-dates. We needed things to be done, and we were not able to get them done. We also deal with the restoration programs and the coal ash programs. So let’s start with the Corps of Engi-neers. In their part of the bill, we au-thorized 29 projects recommended by the chief of engineers that will provide benefits that significantly exceed the cost of the projects. These include im-portant harbor-deepening projects for Charleston, SC; Jacksonville, FL; and Brownsville, TX, as well as significant flood protection projects in Kansas, Missouri, California, North Carolina, Louisiana, and elsewhere. Chart No. 1 shows—this happens to be the Port of Charleston, and it gives you an idea of what we have. We also authorized the next phase of the Everglades restoration project. Certainly the two Senators from Flor-ida have this as a great concern. I have been on this road going through the Everglades, and they have problems there. It is one of the real gems we have in this country, and we do address that in a very cost-effective way. In addition to new projects, the bill modifies some existing projects that need additional congressional author-ity before they can continue. These in-clude critical flood control projects in Missouri, Kansas, Kentucky, and Ari-zona, as well as critical navigation safety projects in Texas. The bill also makes policy changes on the recommendations of Senators, project sponsors, and the users of our water transportation infrastructure. This photo I have in the Chamber gives you an idea, and I have been not to the one in Ohio, but I have been to the one in Oklahoma. A lot of people don’t know—I am sure both the Chair and I are aware of this, but a lot of people are not aware that we in the State of Oklahoma are navigable. We have ports, including the Port of Catoosa. It looks just like this when you go through the lock and dams, and they are about in that condition, and when that stops, everything stops. We have some ideas on how to do this using local sponsors. We have people who are users of the navigation way throughout America who want to be able to update and make sure that they are going to be safe and that they are going to continue to operate. But the law does not allow us to do that, so we correct that in this bill. So we talk about how local sponsors can make changes so levee districts are not caught in bureaucratic nightmares when they attempt to repair levees, which means everything stops. So drought-stricken communities can in-crease reservoir storage capacity. When the Corps rebuilds a levy after a disaster, we now allow local levy dis-tricts to increase the level of flood pro-tection at their own expense. We actu-ally did that 2 years ago in the last WRDA bill, and I might add that I was proud of us when we came back in and we were able to get back on a 2-year cycle. We are supposed to do a water resources development bill every 2 years. We haven’t been doing it. We didn’t do it during the years the Demo-crats controlled the Senate. But right now we are doing that, and that is one of the benefits that came from the last bill. In WRDA 2016, we expand the current authority of the Corps to accept funds from non-Federal interests to expedite permits for rail transportation projects. Overall, we estimate that the Corps of Engineers’ section of the bill will cost about $6 billion over a 10-year period. The second group is called dams and levees. We address this in the—just imagine. This is the Ohio River. A minute ago, we showed one of the lev-ees. This is just like that levee, except this one erupted. There is a term that is used called the ‘‘high-hazard poten-tial.’’ When a classification of ‘‘high hazard’’ takes place—we have about 14,726 potentially high-hazard dams in the United States. The definition of ‘‘high hazard’’ is that if it breaks, peo-ple will die, and we can see that people will die. This is serious stuff. Anyway, we now have that in this bill so that we will be able to protect those and to do something about the high-hazard dams and infrastructure that we have, and the levee system. Under our legislation the Federal Emergency Management Agency is au-thorized to help rehabilitate dams in States where safety officials have de-termined them to have a high hazard potential. FEMA is authorized to come in and do the work. CBO estimates that implementing these dam and levee safety programs will cost $401 million over 10 years. In our substitute we have added the Bureau of Indian Affairs dam safety program for dams in Indian Country at a cost of $129 million. This is based on S. 2717, which Senator B
ARRASSO  moved through the Indian Affairs Com-mittee with unanimous support. Sen-ator B
ARRASSO , whom we heard from just a few minutes ago, was one step ahead of everybody else when he moved this legislation through the committee that I chaired, the Indian Affairs Com-mittee. We had unanimous support for this program to be expanded in Indian Country. The third issue is the drinking water and waste water infrastructure. I spent a lot of my time going into the small communities. As I said, years ago I had a hard job. I was mayor of a major city. At that time the biggest problem we had was unfunded mandates—the Fed-eral Government coming along. We tried to stop that, but this bill goes a long way toward making sure that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.008 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5233 September 6, 2016 
smaller communities, the poorer and rural communities, have access to re-solving the problems of these man-dates. It is primarily in the drinking water and waste water infrastructure. We are working on that now. S. 2848 includes several million dol-lars to address lead emergencies and public health consequences for those emergencies. For example, we provide $70 million to capitalize the new Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act, the WIFIA Act, so that we can provide secured loans for water and waste water. That is what we are in the process of doing. In the fourth area, restoration pro-grams, we have four regional restora-tion programs that we reported out of committee. These include Senator K
IRK’s Great Lakes Restoration Initia-tive and the Lake Those Initiative that was put forward by Senators H
ELLER , R
EID, BOXER and F EINSTEIN . So we are addressing these restoration programs. The final area is coal ash. Some peo-ple don’t know about coal ash. They think of it as being something that is dangerous and that environmentalists shouldn’t like, when in fact coal ash is a critical ingredient for making con-crete for roads and bridges. It is more durable and less expensive than the al-ternatives, and many States actually require fly ash to be used in their projects. We have a whole section on coal ash which includes consensus leg-islation to allow the EPA to review and approve the State permitting program for coal ash disposable units. This is something that is very effective. There is no other environmental regulation solely enforcing this very issue we are talking about. So this is our chance. I know the next vote is going to be on the Zika virus—I assume—and I do encourage people to keep in mind that when they vote on that they are voting on something I don’t remember ever seeing before, but it is something where we know a government program will work. We know it comes from mos-quitoes, and we know how to eradicate mosquitoes. So let’s get with it and quit talking about who we are offend-ing politically. Let’s just get it done. In the meantime, let’s be lining up for a major bill that we need to be doing. Hopefully, we will be doing it during this work period. It is the WRDA bill. With that I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
BIPARTISAN ACCOMPLISHMENTS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I thought I had gotten to the point where I wasn’t surprised at some of the rhetoric we hear from our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, particu-larly the Democratic leader when he claims that we haven’t gotten any-thing done in the U.S. Congress since Republicans have been in the majority. I guess to the extent that he says that and there is nobody who corrects it, then people might actually believe it. I just want to point out from the be-ginning some of the important work we have been able to do on a bipartisan basis. I see our friend the Senator from Tennessee here. He has been the point man for so many of these pieces of leg-islation, such as the education reform bill, among others that I will mention, but the fact is that since Republicans have been in the majority after the election in 2014, more than 140 pieces of legislation have been signed into law, and 240-plus bills have passed the Sen-ate alone. We have also had, by and large, an open amendment process where any Senator who thinks they have a better idea on a bill can come to the floor and offer an amendment and get a vote on it. So compare the 240 amendment votes in this Congress to the 15 when Senator REIDwas majority leader in the 113th Congress. People need to know that his representation isn’t borne out by the facts. It is not even close. I was reminded of the quote from Abraham Lincoln. He defined a hypo-crite as a man who murdered his par-ents and then pleaded for mercy be-cause he was an orphan. It is true that we find ourselves in the current messy posture primarily because of the ob-struction of our Democratic colleagues on the other side. We were hoping that we would get back to what we internally call regular order, which is a more transparent process where each of the 12 appropria-tions bills can be passed out of the Ap-propriations Committee, come across the floor, be amended and voted on, then matched up with what our friends and colleagues in the House do, and then sent on to the President for his signature. Instead of that normally functioning Congress, there are the fili-busters of our Democratic colleagues led by the Democratic leader who is claiming that the Congress has become dysfunctional all of a sudden. It is be-cause of their actions. They are the ones that have blocked the appropria-tions process. This is why we find our-selves in the remaining few weeks of September trying to figure out how we pay the bills, how we keep the govern-ment up and running. I have a list of legislation that makes up that 240 bills and 140 laws written that were signed into law. I will not waste the Senate’s time by reciting those, but I ask unanimous consent that following my remarks it be print-ed in the R
ECORD . Mr. President, we find ourselves vot-ing again on a $1.1 billion appropria-tion to combat the Zika virus. There has been a lot of discussion about the Zika virus. As we have come to learn, this is a virus carried by a certain spe-cies of mosquito and because of sum-mer weather and because the Zika virus seems to be coming our way from Central and South America, we figured it was important for us to do some-thing about it. On the high-tech end, our scientists need to come up with a vaccine to make sure that pregnant women don’t have to worry about birth defects in their unborn children, typified by this chart that demonstrates a condition known as microcephaly, where literally the head is shrunken along with the brain. One can imagine the prognosis for this child to be very poor, and noth-ing but heartache is in store for this child’s family. This is what our Demo-cratic colleagues are risking by con-tinuing to filibuster the spending that we have provided for in this appropria-tions bill—$1.1 billion. It is also important to do what some-times is referred to as the low-tech part of this as well. Recently I was in Houston, TX, with some of my friends from the Harris County Public Health district. They were demonstrating to me how they trapped mosquitoes. The Culex mosquito can spread other types of virus, but the Aedes aegypti mos-quito carries the Zika virus. There is fantastic work being done at the local level by our public health districts to monitor the mosquito population and then test it to see whether they can de-tect the presence of the Zika virus. When they do, that of course directs the spraying effort by the public health district. One of the most important things to do is control the mosquito population. It cannot be eliminated en-tirely, and spraying without any par-ticular target is a waste of time and money. But it can be targeted, and that is what is happening in places like Houston, TX, and in the Harris County Public Health district. I spent an afternoon with public health officials at what is called the mosquito and vector control unit. Of course, Houston is a big place. Harris County, where Houston is located, is the third largest county in the country by population, and it covers 1,777 square miles. It is bigger than the State of Rhode Island. The reason I mention that is to just consider the idea of going out to spray 1,777 square miles. That doesn’t make any sense. That is why the work being done by the mosquito and vector control unit is so important—to actually target the spraying where it is needed most. The most important thing we can do as citizens is to educate ourselves and to prevent ourselves from being bitten by the mosquito in the first place. Some of that has to do with the cloth-ing we wear and also wearing insect re-pellent, particularly for pregnant women. The danger of this particular birth defect is real, and it is important that women of childbearing age take care to protect themselves. Part of the reason I visited with the public health officials in Houston was to not only educate myself but to help raise public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.010 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5234 September 6, 2016 
awareness of what we can do as indi-vidual citizens to protect ourselves. I met with one of the surveillance ento-mologists; it is quite a title. A surveil-lance entomologist with the mosquito and vector control unit is a fellow I met who has a wonderful name. His name is Max Vigilant—what a great name for a surveillance entomologist in Harris County, TX. He gave me a glimpse of what he and his colleagues are doing every day to safeguard their communities, but they cannot do this alone. That is why this funding that has been blocked on numerous occa-sions by our Democratic colleagues over ridiculous objections makes no sense whatsoever. I happened to see that the senior Senator from New York, Mr. S
CHUMER , sent out a tweet this afternoon urging Senate Republicans to pass Zika fund-ing, to which I responded: Well, you blocked it, C
HUCK —which is true. And they continue to block it. It has unfortunately fallen to local leaders such as County Judge Ed Em-mett in Harris County and people like Max Vigilant to take care of this pend-ing crisis because frankly the dysfunc-tion that is occurring in Congress is led by the Democratic leader. So I think it is important to set the record straight. I am grateful we have leaders at the local and State level who step up when the Federal Government seems incapa-ble of doing so. But now it is time for the Federal Government to step up. Why our Demo-cratic colleagues would risk this hor-rific birth defect for political reasons is just lost on me. It makes no sense whatsoever. I might add that not only is it spread by mosquitoes, there is now some demonstrated cases or proven cases of sexual transmission of the Zika virus. As we know, our friends in Florida in particular have had domestically transmitted cases of Zika virus and are working hard to combat the mosquito there and to contain the virus and to prevent this sort of terrible result, but for the health of our country and for the protection of all our children, let’s get this compromise legislation done. No one should doubt the gravity of the threat or the long-term health con-sequences of failing to get our work done. So I hope our Democratic col-leagues put their words into action and vote to send additional resources to those communities across the country that are already working hard to de-feat the Zika virus. I will conclude by saying, I implore our Democratic colleagues, including the senior Senator from Nevada, the Democratic leader, to quit saying things that are demonstrably not true. We have worked hard, many times over the Democratic leader’s objection. I can think of two of them that stand out in my mind: for trade promotion authority and for a long-term highway bill, where he did not support it and he actively tried to block it. So we had to find other Democrats and work with the White House to get it done. We have been able to pass a number of im-portant bills but very little with his help because, for some reason, he seems intent on trying to cause this Congress to be as dysfunctional as it was when he was the leader, but it is not going to happen. We are working with people of good faith on both sides of the aisle and, when we can, with the White House, to do the important work of the American people. So with that, I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
MAJOR BIPARTISAN ACCOMPLISHMENTS  
ADDRESSING IMPORTANT ISSUES  First significant education reform since 2002, First major Trade Promotion Authority bill since 2002, First significant reforms to Social Security since 1983, First major envi-ronmental law reauthorization (TSCA) since the 1990’s, Addressed the fiscal crisis in Puer-to Rico, Acted to preempt states from impos-ing costly, unworkable mandates on the food supply, Protecting the homeland: National Defense Authorization Act, Cybersecurity, North Korea sanctions. 
ENDING MANAGEMENT BY CRISIS /CLIFF  First multi-year Highway Bill since 2005— longest since 1998, First time enhanced small business expensing was made permanent, First time a prohibition on Internet Access Taxes is made permanent, First time cycle of patching Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) since 1997, First major Energy Bill passes Senate since the Bush Adminis-tration, First long-term FAA Bill in almost a decade. 
HELPING THOSE WHO NEED IT MOST  First major legislation confronting Amer-ica’s opioid crisis (CARA), Protected Victims of Trafficking, Reauthorized Adam Walsh. C
ONSERVATIVE PRIORITIES  Bill to repeal Obamacare & defund Planned Parenthood to the President’s desk, Pre-venting an activist liberal majority on the Supreme Court, NLRB ambush election CRA, Pain Capable abortion ban, Sanctuary Cities/ Kate’s Law, Syrian refugee pause, Audit the Fed, First time Senate passes measures over-turning Obama-era EPA overreach: Waters of the US (WOTUS), Carbon rules on existing power plants, Carbon rules on new power plants. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I am here for another reason, but I am listening to the distinguished majority whip, the Senator from Texas. I con-gratulate him on his remarks and make an observation. I was once the Republican Governor in a State that had a Democratic legis-lature. If I had gone around the State for the first 4 years of my term an-nouncing that we could not get any-thing done because I could not work with the Democratic legislature, I think about half the people would have said: Well, maybe we need another Gov-ernor. Maybe we need someone who has the capacity to work with people and get results. So I have never understood the strat-egy that exists—I hope temporarily— on the other side of the aisle of telling the American people the Senate can’t function. That does not bring any re-spect and credit to this body. It does not help the Democrats to say that. It does not help the Republicans. All it does is cause the American people to think that those of us whom they elect are not capable of working together to get a result, when, in fact, as the Sen-ator from Texas said, that is not true. I know for a fact—he cited one exam-ple; that is, the bill we passed last De-cember to fix No Child Left Behind. President Obama signed it. He said it was a Christmas miracle. It got 85 votes in the Senate. It was difficult to do, but I have been careful every time I talk about this to say, it would never have happened had Senator PATTY  M
URRAY , the Democratic Senator from Washington, not been willing to work with me and other Republicans and Democrats on the committee to get a consensus. In fact, every single Democrat on the committee worked that way. For ex-ample, the Senator from Minnesota, Mr. F
RANKEN , held back an amendment he cared a lot about in committee and agreed to offer it on the floor because he did not want to hurt the bill. We passed very important legislation in the Senate. The cyber security bill is important. It would not have passed without Democratic support. The Wall Street Journal said the Education bill that was passed, with the support of not just the Governors but of the National Education Associa-tion and the American Federation of Teachers—usually Democratic con-stituents—it was the most significant devolution of power from Washington to States in 25 years. I hear from ev-erybody I talk to in Tennessee—teach-ers, Governors. They like the bill we passed. They are proud we did it. They thank us for it. I have heard from physicians in Ten-nessee they are glad that for once now we have fixed the doc fix. In other words, every few months we are not leaving them in limbo about how they are paid for their Medicare patients. That has been taken care of, not just by Senator H
ATCH but also by Demo-cratic Senator W
YDEN . Right out of the box last year, with a new Republican majority, we passed a trade bill. With whose support? With President Obama’s support. That was a Democratic and Republican effort to-gether. The chemical safety bill. Sev-eral Republican Senators worked hard on that but so did the Senator from California Mrs. B
OXER . Without her leadership, it never would have passed. Our legislature in Tennessee has not been able to agree on a long-term high-way funding bill, but in Washington we have, again, because of cooperation be-tween Republicans and Democrats. My practice always has been to give people credit when they do something good because I think often that credit reflects back on the institution and maybe even on the person giving the credit. That is a time-honored way of doing business in the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.011 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5235 September 6, 2016 
I would like to see us get back to that in the next Congress. Let’s recog-nize the fact that there are a number of things that have not gotten done. I can cite all the reasons I am unhappy about the fact that we were able to pass 12 appropriations bill in com-mittee, but we are blocked from bring-ing them to the floor by the Demo-crats. I would rather talk about the things we accomplished, the things we have gotten done, and show the American people that when they put us here, they were making a good decision. We have had a productive Senate these last 2 years. One newspaper said it was the most productive we have had since the early 1990s. Anytime you pass a bill that sends more power from Washington back to the States that has the support of the Governors, the NEA, and the American Federation of Teachers at the same time, I think we have done something pretty good. I am happy to give credit to the Democratic Senators who voted for it, because without them and without the President’s signature, it would have not happened. So a little more of that spirit would help this Senate function and function in the way it tradition-ally has. We can finish our work this year, by the way. We have a mental health bill that Senator C
ASSIDY and Senator M URPHY  have worked hard on. We have a 21st century cures bill that has broad sup-port—19 bipartisan cosponsors. We are moving, next week I think, to a water resources development bill that Sen-ator B
OXER as well as Senator I NHOFE  are working on. Why do we not give other Members of the Senate due credit when they work together and get a re-sult? No wonder the American people wonder whether we are getting any-thing done. The truth is, we are getting quite a bit done, and it is in their in-terests, and I am proud of it. 
HONORING OFFICER KENNETH RAY MOATS  
Mr. President, now, let me take 3 or 4 minutes, because I see other Senators here, on something that is very impor-tant to me, a completely different sub-ject and important to the people of my hometown of Maryville, TN. Last Tuesday, I attended a funeral for Officer Kenny Moats, a Maryville, Tennessee, police officer who was killed in the line of duty responding to a domestic disturbance call. Kenny Moats was a young man with three young children, Mackenzie, Kamron, and Tyson. His wife, Britteni, and he are in their early thirties. Nothing has so touched our commu-nity that I can remember in a long, long time. Maryville, TN, is a small town. Blount County is our county. Things like this are not supposed to happen where we live. 
An officer gets a call, he goes to deal with a domestic disturbance, and he is ambushed from the house he was called to by a person who is now in jail. 
There was a huge outpouring of sup-port from our community, not just for Kenny Moats but also for the men and women in blue of the Maryville Police Department and of the Blount County Deputies who were there as well. There was a procession before the fu-neral. The funeral was at 7 o’clock last Tuesday. The church, Sevier Heights Baptist Church, began filling up at 4 p.m. It was nearly full with hundreds of people, and there were more than 1,200 who listened in on a Webcast. The next day, as I was driving to the airport, I found myself behind a proces-sion of maybe 200 squad cars from many different police departments and sheriffs’ offices around our State and other places. There was a flag of honor—the United States flag of honor—that is flown to honor first re-sponders who are killed in the line of duty. It was driven from Texas so it could be there to honor Kenny Moats as well. So today on the Senate floor, I come simply to express the feelings of the Senate—I am sure all of us—to his fam-ily and to those who served with him in the Maryville Police Department, to the Blount County Sheriff’s Deputies, to the entire community who have all grieved over his loss. After the funeral, the police chief, Tony Crisp, gave a commendation to Officer Moats. It is called the ‘‘Com-mendation of Valor.’’ It is awarded to a police officer who demonstrates gal-lantry and extraordinary heroism. The act must have been so exceptional that the rules say that ‘‘the officer while fully aware of the imminent threat to their own personal safety assumed a voluntary course of action above and beyond the call of duty, at the risk of his own life.’’ This commendation is the highest decoration conferred by the department. I was moved, as was everyone in the church last Tuesday night, by Chief of Police Tony Crisp’s reading of the ‘‘Commendation of Valor.’’ I would like to offer that ‘‘Commendation of Valor’’ to be printed in the RECORD and express once again to the family of Kenny Moats and to the Maryville Police De-partment and all of the law enforce-ment officers in the area, our respect for his life, his bravery and for what they do to protect us on a daily basis. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CHIEF TONYJAYCRISP, M
ARYVILLE POLICE DEPARTMENT , Maryville, TN, August 30, 2016. Re Commendation of Valor O
FFICER KENNETH RAYMOATS . Officer Kenneth Ray ‘‘Kenny’’ Moats of the Maryville Police Department and the Fifth Judicial Drug Task Force voluntarily re-sponded to a domestic dispute call involving a handgun on the afternoon of August 25, 2016, where the perpetrator had made threats to kill his father. Officer Moats was assigned to the Fifth Judicial Drug Task Force when this event occurred. The response of Officer Moats along with Deputy Dave Mendez of the Blount County Sheriffs Office, was predi-cated by their close proximity to the call, along with a sense of voluntary service due to their positions as law enforcement offi-cers. On the scene, Officer Moats and Deputy Mendez positioned their vehicle in the drive-way of 3111 Kerrway Lane. Upon their ar-rival, Officer Moats and Deputy Mendez were able to make contact with the perpetrator’s father, who had been able to escape from his 625 Alcoa Trail residence, unbeknownst to the perpetrator, who was still positioned in a makeshift bunker located in the garage of the residence. Shortly after speaking with the father, Officer Moats, Deputy Mendez and the father came under gunfire from the perpetrator’s concealed location within the garage of the residence. At this time Officer Moats and Deputy Mendez were able to place the father behind the engine block and front wheel of their service vehicle and placed themselves between him and the perpetrator in an attempt to protect the father to the best of their ability considering the fluidity of the evolving situation. The suspect fired multiple shots from his fortified location, one shot fatally striking Officer Moats. The suspect was successfully taken into custody, unharmed, after an ex-change of gunfire with Deputy Mendez and Deputy Craig Flanagin, who had arrived on scene during the perpetrator’s initial as-sault. While knowing full well the risk and immi-nent threat to his own personal safety, Offi-cer Moats took a voluntary course of action to confront an armed suspect. Officer Moats ultimately lost his life in the line of duty. The quick actions of Officer Moats helped preserve the life of the perpetrator’s father and exemplified behavior above and beyond the call of duty. Officer Moats’ actions and selfless sacrifice bring great honor upon him-self and hold true to the highest traditions and expectations of the Maryville Police De-partment. Officer Moats demonstrated the extraor-dinary act of courage, under dangerous cir-cumstances, gallantly and heroically giving his life in the service of the City of Maryville Police Department and the community of Blount County. It is my honor and privilege that I post-humously bestow the highest honor con-ferred by the Maryville Police Department to Kenneth Ray ‘‘Kenny’’ Moats. Mr. ALEXANDER. I want to express once again to the family of Kenny Moats, the Marysville Police Depart-ment, and all of the law enforcement officers in the area, our respect for his life, his bravery, and for what they do to protect us on a daily basis. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. 
ENDING THE THREAT OF UNEXPLODED ORDNANCE  
IN LAOS  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I suspect there are not many Americans who have either visited or know much about Laos. It is a poor country, geo-graphically about the size of Utah, with less than 7 million people. It is wedged between Vietnam and Cam-bodia. I am sure that back in the 1960s and 1970s, even fewer Americans had heard of Laos, and virtually no one was aware that the United States was in-volved in a war in Laos. For nearly a decade, from 1964 to 1973, the United States military un-leashed more than 2 million tons of ordnance on Laos during some 580,000 bombing missions. That amounts to a planeload of bombs every 8 minutes, 24 hours a day, for 9 years. Laos became, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.013 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5236 September 6, 2016 
and still is, the most heavily bombed country per capita in history. It was part of a U.S. war in Laos that was never declared or publicized. It was kept secret. It was done to support the Royal Lao government against the Pathet Lao and to interdict the Viet Cong along the Ho Chi Minh Trail, but the bombs destroyed many villages and displaced hundreds of thousands of Lao civilians. As is so often the case with land-mines, cluster bombs, and other types of munitions, wars end but the suf-fering continues. The Vietnam War ended in 1975. In April of 1975, the Sen-ate Armed Services Committee, by a one-vote margin, voted to finally end the authorization for that war. I re-member it very well because that was the first vote I cast as a member of the Armed Services Committee. The war ended, but the casualties continue from the bombs that failed to explode. All this ordnance is scattered on or beneath the surface of the ground. A child is walking to school, a farmer is working in the field, a woman is collecting water or firewood, and they step on one of those and they are killed or maimed. Of the 270 million U.S. cluster bombs that were dropped on Laos during that period, it is estimated that as many as 80 million did not detonate, but they remain ready to explode if they are dis-turbed by an unsuspecting farmer or child. Nearly 40 years later, only a small fraction of these munitions have been destroyed. But progress has been made. Today there are just under 50 new UXO casualties in Laos each year. That is down from more than 300 a decade ago. The majority of the accidents result in death, and nearly half of the casualties are children. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to show a photograph to my col-leagues on the Senate floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEAHY. This photograph of a La-otian girl was taken a number of years ago. She was actually one of the lucky ones because she survived, but as you can see her left leg is gone and she uses a homemade crutch. This is what clus-ter munitions do to civilians. This hap-pened after the war ended, and she stepped in the wrong place. I first became concerned with this problem in the late 1980s, and in 1990 the first assistance from the Leahy War Victims Fund was provided to help victims of U.S. cluster bombs in Laos. Since then, the Leahy War Victims Fund, administered by USAID, has pro-vided medical and related assistance for thousands of Laotians. Also, as either chairman or ranking member of the Appropriations Sub-committee on State, Foreign Oper-ations, I have included funding each year above the amounts requested by successive administrations, Demo-cratic and Republican, to support pro-grams to locate and destroy unexploded ordnance in Laos. Since fis-cal year 1995, the United States has contributed more than $100 million for UXO programs in Laos. There is $19.5 million for UXO clearance in fiscal year 2016, which has bipartisan support, including the current chair of our sub-committee, Senator G
RAHAM , and of the House subcommittee, Representa-tive G
RANGER , and the House ranking member, Representative L
OWEY . I ap-preciate their support for this. But I have long felt that the United States should do more, and so I am very pleased that President Obama— the first American President to visit Laos—announced earlier today that the United States will increase its sup-port for UXO programs in Laos. The President pledged $90 million over the next 3 years to continue clear-ance, victims’ assistance, and risk edu-cation programs at the fiscal year 2015 level of $15 million annually. The bal-ance of $45 million is going to be used to support a national UXO survey. The survey is extremely important. As I said, Laos is about the size of Utah. The survey will establish a baseline for contaminated land that remains to be cleared so the Lao Government and international donors can plan their fu-ture clearance activities and accu-rately forecast how much time and money it will take to make Laos UXO impact-free. Earlier this year, in anticipation of President Obama’s trip to Laos, Tim Rieser from my office met twice with White House staff. They discussed ways to increase funding for UXO programs in Laos. I applaud President Obama for publicly recognizing that we have a re-sponsibility to do more to end this tragic legacy by accelerating our ef-forts. I will do all I can to ensure that Con-gress does its part to appropriate the funds, so that in the not too distant fu-ture all Laotians can walk in safety. I think what President Obama is doing is similar to what President George H. W. Bush did, the first Presi-dent Bush. Even though we had fought a war with Vietnam, even though it di-vided this country, after the war he de-cided we needed to do something to begin to reengage with Vietnam and to show our appreciation for those who had helped us with MIAs in Vietnam. He worked with Bobby Muller, Tim Rieser, me, and the Vietnam Veterans of America Foundation and used the Leahy War Victims Fund there. I visited it at the time and could see what a difference it can make. I look forward to going to Laos and seeing what a difference the Leahy Fund and our country’s efforts will make there. 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS  
Mr. President, as most of us do in August, I traveled around my State. Vermont—the land area is only the sec-ond largest State in New England, which makes it not that large. I can travel all over it. I heard from Vermonters all around my home State about the issues that are important to them. One thing I heard at almost every stop I made—whether it was for a Re-publican group, a Democratic group, or an Independent group, whatever their age, whatever they did for work, they said: What about the Supreme Court? Why has the Senate failed to act on the nomination of Chief Judge Merrick Garland? I told them that the Senate is return-ing from the longest recess in nearly 50 years, and perhaps the Republican leadership was hoping that Americans had forgotten about the unprecedented obstruction of a Supreme Court nomi-nee. But I can assure you that Ameri-cans—and certainly Vermonters—have not forgotten. They have not forgotten the fact that Senate Republicans have refused to hold a hearing for Chief Judge Garland, and they have not for-gotten this unprecedented step in not allowing a hearing. They have not for-gotten that some Senators still have not even afforded Chief Judge Garland the courtesy of a meeting. This means the Supreme Court continues to be hin-dered by the lack of a full bench of Jus-tices. Chief Judge Garland’s nomination has been blocked by Republicans in the Senate for 174 days. Nearly half a year has passed since President Obama nom-inated Chief Judge Garland to the Su-preme Court after Justice Scalia’s un-timely death—and Senate Republicans have done nothing about it. At no time in the history of our country has some-thing like this been done. I think the Senate should get to work and fulfill its constitutional duty of providing advice and consent on the nomination and then have the guts to vote either yes or no to ensure that we have a fully functioning Supreme Court. Instead of doing our job, we are voting ‘‘maybe.’’ Over the recess, the Majority Leader bragged that one of his ‘‘proudest moments’’ was when he unilaterally declared that he would not allow the Supreme Court vacancy to be filled by President Obama. Such cyn-ical rhetoric is beyond disappointing. The partisan decision to refuse any sort of consideration of a highly quali-fied nominee such as Chief Judge Gar-land is an embarrassment. It is not an accomplishment of which the Senate can be proud. We must all be reminded that this stubborn refusal to consider Chief Judge Garland has real world con-sequences that go beyond politics. The Republican obstruction of Chief Judge Garland has diminished the Supreme Court. It has impacted millions of fam-ilies across the country. This summer when the Supreme Court completed its most recent term, the damage became clear. In seven separate cases, the eight remaining Justices could not serve as the final arbiter of law when they were unable to issue a final decision on the merits. In another case involving a death penalty appeal—a matter of life and death—the Court also deadlocked. Just last week, the Court deadlocked on consideration of an election law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.014 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5237 September 6, 2016 
case that will impact the constitu-tional rights of millions of voters ahead of this year’s election. Notwithstanding that, Senate Repub-licans, who are in the majority, have taken this unprecedented step—the only time in the history of the coun-try. For months, in poll after poll, two- thirds of the American people want a public hearing for Chief Judge Garland. They continue their blockade in the hope that their party’s Presidential nominee wins in November. It is dis-appointing that they continue to hold our highest Court hostage in support of an intemperate political candidate who has demonstrated contempt for the rule of law and who has said that some judges aren’t qualified because their forebears were Mexican. The Republican nominee for presi-dent is a man who opposes the bedrock principle of freedom of the press. He is a man who attacked a Federal judge based on his race and heritage. He is a man who repeatedly attacked the gold star parents of a brave, selfless Army captain who was killed in Iraq while protecting his fellow soldiers. Despite these and several additional episodes demonstrating that the Republican nominee represents an unacceptable risk to our country, Senate Repub-licans continue to block Chief Judge Garland in the hope that their nominee is elected and can appoint judges. The Republican obstruction and dis-regard for a coequal branch of govern-ment also extends to the lower Federal courts. Since taking over the majority last year, Senate Republican inaction has allowed judicial vacancies to more than double and to reach 90 vacancies. This amounts to more than 10% of the Federal bench. Vacancies have reached what the Congressional Research Serv-ice calls ‘‘historically high’’ levels. The American people are left waiting for justice as the number of vacant seats pile up. Yet the Republican leadership refuses to allow a vote on any of the 27 judicial nominees who are already pending on the Executive Calendar. These nominees are the result of the President working with home State Senators, Republicans and Democrats, to make a nomination. Each of these nominees was voted out of the Judici-ary Committee with bipartisan sup-port. For example, the next Federal dis-trict court nominee ready for a vote is Edward Stanton from Tennessee. Mr. Stanton is the U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Tennessee. He has the support of both of his Republican home state senators and was voice voted out of the Judiciary Committee. Yet this excellent nominee, who has been serving the people of Tennessee as one of the state’s top Federal prosecu-tors, has been languishing on the floor since last October. I think both Sen-ators from Tennessee will agree with me that there is no good reason why Mr. Stanton should have waited this long for an up-or-down vote. In 2008, George W. Bush was Presi-dent. He was in the last year of his term. Democrats controlled the Sen-ate. I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee. All Senators, whether Re-publican or Democratic, actually worked together to fill these lower court vacancies. In September 2008, we confirmed 10 judicial nominees in 1 day. We actually did it in September. And not a single nominee was left on the Executive Calendar. Of those 10 nominees, nine had support from home state Republican Senators. I was proud to work with Senators Arlen Specter, P
ATROBERTS , Sam Brownback, John Warner, Mel Martinez, Wayne Allard, Bob Bennett, and O
RRIN HATCH to con-firm nominees to fill vacancies in their states, and help ensure that the people of those states had access to justice in our Federal courts. Today, 13 judicial nominees from States represented by 16 Republican Senators are ready for confirmation votes. These nominees have been wait-ing two, three, even 10 months for a simple vote. I hope that these 16 Re-publican Senators are able to impress upon their leadership just how impor-tant it is to allow the Senate to do its job and vote on these nominees who would serve their States. I despair somewhat because even though they are nominees from their States and are here with their approval, they are not getting their leadership to move for-ward, just as not a single Republican Senator has been able to get their Re-publican leadership to allow a hearing and a vote on Judge Garland. I hope the Republican leadership will reconsider their outright refusal to allow a hearing and vote for Chief Judge Garland’s nomination on the Su-preme Court. This unprecedented, un-warranted stance has already under-mined one term of the High Court, but there is still time to avoid harming an-other term. It is good that we actually show up now and then in Washington to do our work. There is plenty of time to have a hearing and vote on Chief Judge Gar-land’s nomination. It is time for the Senate to get back to work. I hope my friends on the other side of the aisle will realize what they have done to the Supreme Court and will re-verse this. It is able to be blocked only because all Republicans stood with their leader and blocked the Supreme Court nominee. I think that is wrong. It has never been done before. In fact, the last time there was a vacancy—I mention this for the young pages who are here. They will get a little history lesson, and it is something the Sen-ators should know. The last time there was a vacancy in a Presidential elec-tion year, there was a Republican President and Democrats were in con-trol of the Senate. We confirmed that nominee in the Presidential election year, and the vote was unanimous. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum, and I ask unanimous consent that the time be equally divided. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. AYOTTE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, we have a vote coming up at 5:30 on the Zika crisis. Unfortunately, it is not the vote we voted on in the bipartisan bill which there were 69 votes in favor of out of 100 Senators and which we then sent to the House. The House then added a number of political messages that don’t have anything to do with Zika, such as the display of the Confed-erate flag. There are some people who want that displayed in certain areas. What does that have to do with Zika? There are others who definitely don’t want that. Here is another one: Defund Planned Parenthood. Well, there are clearly people in the House of Representatives who want to defund Planned Parent-hood, but what does that have to do with Zika, save for a lot of women who are pregnant and who suspect they might have the Zika virus and might go to a Planned Parenthood clinic? That would suggest we shouldn’t defund Planned Parenthood. What about cutting back on Medicaid funding for Puerto Rico? Now, that has something to do with Zika because Puerto Rico and Brazil are the two places that are the most infected. The CDC estimates that 25 percent of the population of Puerto Rico is infected with the Zika virus. So why would we want to cut Medicaid funding for Puer-to Rico? Well, that is not only ridicu-lous, it is silly. So once again—now multiple times— at 5:30, we will have that vote, and those who desperately want the fund-ing to meet the emergency crisis of Zika are being asked to do so by having to take these political riders that peo-ple who are in the extreme spectrum of politics in the House of Representa-tives want and think they can force us to take. Well, it is not going to happen. Is there a crisis? Well, let me tell you what the latest is in my State of Flor-ida. There are 67 non-travel-related cases of Zika that have been estab-lished. There are 577 in the State of Florida that are travel-related. What does that mean? That means that 577 people have contracted Zika someplace else and they have come to Florida. But they are there. There are 67— maybe over 70—who have contracted Zika in the State of Florida. You can contract it one of two ways. You can contract it from a mosquito that is infected. The Aedes aegypti strain of mosquito is not a normal mosquito. He lurks in the back, dark corners of the house. She can lay her eggs in stagnant water in something as little as a bottle cap. That is one way 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.016 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5238 September 6, 2016 
to get Zika transmitted in Florida, and there have been upwards of 70 of those cases. The other way is by sexual transmission. If one of the partners has Zika, they can transmit it to the other. The Zika virus lives in the male for about 2 months. The Zika virus itself manifests itself like a mild flu. That is not really the problem; the problem is the over 80 females in Florida who are pregnant and who also have the Zika virus. Madam President, you have seen the photos of these terribly deformed children. That is because as the fetus develops, the virus attacks the brain stem and lessens the ability of the fetus to develop a normal head and a normal size brain. As a result, we see these pictures of these terribly de-formed babies. It is such a tragedy not only for the family, but it is a consid-erable expense. We have heard some authorities estimate that for the ex-pected life of a child who is born with microcephaly, it may cost as much as $10 million. Where is that money going to come from? And in our State of Florida, there are over 80 females who are pregnant and who are infected with the Zika virus. I gave just the statistics of our State. We happen to be ground zero for the Zika virus. There are 12 flights a day into the Miami International Airport from Brazil and Puerto Rico. So you see the opportunity to keep bringing it in just into the State of Florida. It is elsewhere in the country as well. Some of our brethren and sistren around here—but especially in the other body, since we passed the bill here—still have their heads in the sand and are refusing to recognize that this is an emergency. If they continue, here is what is going to happen: An infected person doesn’t necessarily stay in one place. They can get on an airplane or they can get on a train or in a car and go elsewhere in the country. Elsewhere in the country, if that infected person is bitten by an aegypti mosquito, now that mosquito is infected, and that mosquito feeds on an average of four people at one sitting for dinner. So now the infected mosquito has now infected four more people in another State be-cause that person traveled to another State. It ought to be common sense. And how many times have folks like me and the Senator from Maryland come and pled with our colleagues to stop this monkey business? Let’s stop these po-litical games. Let’s stop these political riders. Let’s do what the Senate did 3 months ago when it passed—bipar-tisan—by 69 votes $1.1 billion in emer-gency funding and sent it to the House and asked the House to stop playing these games. So it seems to me we are going to go through another exercise, now having done so multiple times. We are going to vote this down at 5:30. What is going to happen next? I hope reasonable heads will prevail. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, first, I want to thank my colleague from Florida, Senator N
ELSON , for his com-ments in regard to the Zika funding. As the Senator from Florida, he knows firsthand of the locally acquired Zika virus in his own State. This is not just a matter of individuals traveling to other countries and obtaining the Zika virus and coming back to the United States; we have a locally acquired Zika virus here in the United States, and Senator N
ELSON has been an outspoken leader in the Senate and in the Con-gress for doing the right thing. He was absolutely right when he said that 3 months ago we passed a com-promise bill that would have funded the NIH, USAID, and the other agen-cies and what they need for the re-mainder of the year. It would have done it in a way that was not all the money I thought or he thought should be provided, but it was a fair com-promise. Instead, of course, we got a conference report that contained less funds, poison pills, and issues that are not related to the Zika funding to try to move forward a pretty extreme agenda. That is not what we should be doing with the health of the people of this country. So I take this time to support what Senator N
ELSON has said, and I rise to talk about the urgent need for us to provide full funding—full funding—for our response to the Zika virus. More than 6 months ago, President Obama submitted a request to Congress for $1.9 billion in emergency supple-mental funding to address the virus. The request included $1.5 billion for the Department of Health and Human Services, $335 million for the U.S. Agency for International Development, $41 million for the Department of State, and support for several other Federal agencies. The administration’s plan, which had the full weight of the scientific com-munity behind it, represents a coordi-nated, well-funded, whole-of-govern-ment approach to combating the virus, with a focus on prevention, treatment, and research. But instead of listening to the experts, Republicans offered a Zika conference report that under-funded critical Federal, State, and global response efforts by more than $800 million and included poisonous policy riders and pay-fors. The Senate rightly rejected the Zika conference re-port. We will have another oppor-tunity, and I just urge my colleagues: Let’s stop playing politics with this and let’s bring forward clean funding for the Zika virus. Many Senators, in-cluding myself, were extremely dis-appointed that we adjourned for the summer recess before dealing with this public health emergency. One thing is clear. Zika will not sim-ply disappear on its own. When we left town in July, there were approxi-mately 1,100 travel-associated Zika cases reported in the continental United States, including 31 in my home State of Maryland and 2,474 locally ac-quired cases across U.S. territories. As has been pointed out, people travel and they bring the virus back here to the United States. It can be transmitted via mosquitoes here, and it can be lo-cally acquired here. Just 6 weeks later, the number of travel-associated Zika infections has more than doubled to 2,500 cases, including 77 cases in Mary-land. The number of locally acquired cases across the U.S. territories has jumped fourfold in the last 6 weeks to more than 9,000 cases, and, perhaps most alarmingly, as Senator NELSON  pointed out, it is documented here in the United States. Florida has docu-mented approximately 30 locally ac-quired Zika cases. Zika isn’t just a threat to us at home. It also threatens American serv-ice men and women and their families and other personnel who are serving abroad. Earlier this month, the Depart-ment of Defense officially confirmed that 33 U.S. servicemembers have con-tracted the virus abroad. Just last week, officials in Singapore—a country we haven’t even considered in the con-text of Zika—announced that it had 82 confirmed cases of the virus and had detected local transmission. We cannot play partisan politics with this virus. Because of Zika, babies are being born in the United States and throughout Central and South America with horrible birth defects. A recent study found that microcephaly is not the only birth defect resulting from this virus. To date, more than 1,300 pregnant women in the continental United States and territories are being monitored following laboratory evi-dence of possible Zika virus infection. This is according to the Zika Preg-nancy Registry. Without congressional action to fund our response to the Zika epidemic ade-quately, the efforts to better under-stand and combat this terrible disease are in danger of being derailed. Let me quote from Dr. Tony Fauci, the Na-tion’s leading infectious disease expert and the Director of the National Insti-tute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. He is well known by all of us on both sides of the aisle, and he is frequently used by Democrats and Republicans here as the expert. This is what he said: ‘‘The vaccine effort will be blunt-ed if not aborted if we don’t have the funding.’’ Dr. Fauci also emphasized that other vital HHS and National Institutes of Health programs will suffer if the agen-cy is forced to focus funding primarily on vaccine development. Already, the National Institute of Allergy and Infec-tious Diseases has diverted funds from tuberculosis and malaria research to fund Zika efforts. These funds have not been paid back. Those programs are now suffering. While Congress has been away, the administration has been forced to rob vital research programs focusing on Ebola, kidney disease, and cancer. Ear-lier this month, Secretary Burwell an-nounced that HHS will transfer an-other $81 million from other research 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.033 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5239 September 6, 2016 
programs to NIH and Biomedical Ad-vanced Research and Development Au-thority to continue Zika vaccine devel-opment. It is unconscionable that we are forcing our public health officials to make these kinds of decisions. Fund-ing of NIH has always been a bipartisan priority, yet here we are not making the money available, requiring money to be diverted from other important NIH projects and inadequately funding a response to the public health emer-gency of Zika. Even with those additional funds that were made available, Dr. Fauci will still need $196 million to fully fund NIH’s research of Zika. If Congress doesn’t approve emergency funding for Zika research, NIH’s Zika vaccine trials will once again be interrupted and treatments will be further delayed. How do we explain this to the millions of Americans at risk for contracting Zika here at home? Let me just point out that on August 30, just a couple of days ago, the Direc-tor of the Centers for Disease Control announced that the agency will run out of funding to fight Zika. We don’t have the money there. It is up to Congress to provide those funds. As we know, from mosquitoes is how this virus is contracted. The peak mosquito season in the United States typically lasts through October. If local transmission spreads in other areas, the CDC is un-likely to have the resources to respond and send teams to support local and State health departments. That is what is at risk. Millions of Americans are at risk. State and local health departments also bear the brunt of the consequences of not fully funding Zika response ef-forts. Our Nation’s health departments are on the front line, fighting the dis-ease while working on grassroots levels to expand and enhance prevention ef-forts, including mosquito surveillance and control, promoting culturally con-scious education programs to raise public awareness, and equipping our public health care workforce with the most medically accurate guidelines to help patients make informed decisions about their health care. The first order of business for this Congress should be to pass an adequate and clean Zika funding bill. Neglecting to pass an appropriate Zika response bill is a failure to expectant mothers who are growing concerned about the lasting impact that mosquito bites this summer could have on the health of their unborn children, and it is a fail-ure to the millions of Americans who trust us to do everything in our power to safeguard their health and well- being. If we expect to make adequate progress on combating this virus this year, if we want to protect the health and welfare of all Americans, Congress must pass a clean, well-resourced fund-ing bill without delay. Madam President, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 2577, an act making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, John Thune, Orrin G. Hatch, Jerry Moran, Shelley Moore Capito, Johnny Isakson, Mike Crapo, Thom Tillis, John Hoeven, Joni Ernst, Steve Daines, Chuck Grass-ley, James E. Risch, John Boozman, Cory Gardner, John Barrasso. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the conference report to accompany H.R. 2577, an act making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) is necessarily absent. I further announce that, if present and voting, the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) would vote nay. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 52, nays 46, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 135 Leg.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker NAYS—46 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Hoeven Kaine 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 52, the nays are 46. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 524, H.R. 5293, an act making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses. Mitch McConnell, James Lankford, John Thune, Orrin G. Hatch, Jerry Moran, Shelley Moore Capito, Johnny Isakson, Mike Crapo, John Boozman, Thom Tillis, John Hoeven, Joni Ernst, David Perdue, Dan Sullivan, Steve Daines, Chuck Grassley, James E. Risch. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). By unanimous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to H.R. 5293, an act making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) is necessarily absent. I further announce that, if present and voting, the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) would vote ‘‘nay.’’ The result was announced—yeas 55, nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 136 Leg.] YEAS—55 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.034 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5240 September 6, 2016 
Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Hoeven Kaine 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 55, the nays are 43. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The majority leader. 
f 
WATER RESOURCES DEVELOP-MENT ACT OF 2016—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 523, S. 2848. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 523, S. 2848, a bill to provide for the conservation and development of water and related re-sources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for im-provements to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other purposes. f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JAMES BAIRD Mr. REID. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 60th birthday of James Baird, who is a hard-working businessman, ecclesiastical leader, and friend. James was born in Las Vegas, NV, and raised in Provo, UT. His father, Jo-seph Hugh Baird, worked at Brigham Young University, and his mother, Florence Richards, was a piano teach-er. As a child, James enjoyed spending time with his nine siblings and nur-turing his horse, Julie. James grew up with a strong entre-preneurial spirit. He began his career in grade school by mowing lawns and eventually starting his own land-scaping company. He graduated from the University of Colorado with a busi-ness degree and went on to own and op-erate multiple start-up companies, each of which made a positive impact on their local communities. James cur-rently serves as the director of oper-ations for Madison Fields, a farm and riding facility for children and adults with autism, where he is regarded as a patient and caring colleague. In addition to being a successful busi-nessman, James is also devoted to his wife of 38 years, Dr. Melinda Lambert Baird. Dr. Baird is a phenomenal con-cert pianist and serves as the director of piano programs at Levine Music and the director of education and commu-nity outreach at Steinway & Sons. James and Melinda have four children and eleven grandchildren, whom they love dearly. James’s family values come from his membership in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints—LDS. At a young age, James served a mission for the LDS church in Baton Rouge, LA. During that time, James’s brother, Mark, was killed in a jeep accident. James decided to remain in Louisiana and continued to serve the people there. Since then, James has remained an involved member of his church and served as a bishop in Rockville, MD. Currently, James is acting as the presi-dent of the Washington, DC, Stake. In this position, President Baird lends his service to more than 2,000 church mem-bers in the Washington DC, and south-ern Maryland areas without pay or re-imbursement. James’s arms are open for anyone in need, and he is devoted to improving the lives of people in Wash-ington, DC. I have had the pleasure of knowing James as one of my church leaders and friends, and I admire and appreciate his service. James is a man who has inspired countless lives in his local, work, and religious communities. I congratulate him on his many successes, and I wish him the best as he continues to serve the people of Washington, DC. f 
RECOGNIZING THE WORK OF THREE NEVADA CONSERVATION CHAMPIONS Mr. REID. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Terri Robertson, Helen Mortenson, and Marge Sill, three life-long conservation activists from Ne-vada. Terri Robertson has been a longtime advocate for the protection of southern Nevada’s unique outdoor spaces. This fourth-generation Nevadan embarked on her mission to protect Nevada lands over 40 years ago, beginning with her work to protect Red Rock Canyon from encroachment from nearby Las Vegas. Terri was also instrumental in the des-ignation of Sloan Canyon National Conservation Area. I know of her out-sized influence because I led the effort in the Senate to establish Red Rock Canyon and Sloan Canyon National Conservation Areas. Even today, Terri continues to push for additional pro-tections and amenities for Sloan, where she visited ancient petroglyph galleries on family trips as a child. It is because of the work of people like Terri that the Bureau of Land Manage-ment recently unveiled a plan to add a visitor center, information kiosks, and paved roads to provide access to the canyon. In May 2016, the BLM and city of Henderson celebrated the opening of the first paved access road to Sloan. Terri has also used her passion and knowledge of Nevada’s natural re-sources to protect other special places in Clark County, including Tule Springs and Gold Butte. Marge Sill has been a wilderness ad-vocate in Nevada and California for 50 years. After she moved to Reno, she began working to protect wilderness land in northern and central Nevada as urban development began to encroach upon those wild spaces. Marge has been working to protect the stark and stun-ning vistas of the West for so long that she has earned the nickname ‘‘Mother of Wilderness.’’ Marge got her start in the Sierra Club a half century ago. To describe that time, she once remarked that the women of the club did the work, while the men just talked about change. Marge put in the work to cre-ate the Lake Tahoe State Park in 1963, and she fought to establish the Great Basin National Park, Nevada’s only na-tional park. However, Marge considers her greatest accomplishment to be the passage of the Nevada Wilderness Pro-tection Act of 1989, which designated over 700,000 acres of wilderness in the Silver State. I was pleased to author this legislation, which created several wilderness areas that Nevadans now treasure, including the Mount Charles-ton, Mount Rose, and the Ruby Moun-tains Wilderness Areas, among others, and expanded Nevada’s first wilderness area, Jarbidge. Marge has always been my most avid supporter, for which I will always be grateful. Finally, I would like to recognize Helen Mortenson. Together with her late husband, Harry, Helen advocated for the preservation and protection of Nevada’s outdoors for decades. A con-sultant specializing in nuclear, radio-logical, and environmental issues, Helen fought for years with her hus-band, Harry, a conservation champion in the Nevada State Assembly, to keep Nevada’s environment safe and clean by opposing the Yucca Mountain Nu-clear Waste Repository. But Helen’s greatest work has no doubt been her advocacy for the protection of Tule Springs in northern Las Vegas. Thanks to Helen and Harry’s activism, I was able to work with my colleagues in Congress to pass legislation in 2014 that designated the Tule Springs Fossil Beds National Monument. As president 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.052 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5241 September 6, 2016 
of the Las Vegas Ice Age Park Founda-tion and an archaeologist herself, Helen used her knowledge to educate her community and local lawmakers about the significance of the Tule Springs site. Because of her, fossil sites of prehistoric mammoths and giant sloths will always remain only a short drive away for residents of the Las Vegas Valley. These three champions of conserva-tion taught us all about the need to protect and treasure Nevada’s wild places. Their passion, advocacy, and community-building facilitated the passage of legislation that will keep the wild Nevada I love intact and ac-cessible for generations. Their work is appreciated, and I wish them continued success for years to come. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FIRST AFRICAN METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH Mr. REID. Mr. President, I wish to honor the 50th anniversary of the First African Methodist Episcopal—FAME— Church. In September 2016, FAME will formally celebrate over 50 years of commitment to worship and commu-nity outreach in the great State of Ne-vada. Since 1996, FAME has played an inte-gral role in the success of both north Las Vegas and the State of Nevada. The church works to provide Nevadans with a place to worship and connect with the community. FAME takes pride in ensuring that its members are positive contributors to the commu-nities in which they reside, all while promoting their spiritual development. Since its inception, the church has also been a strong supporter of out-reach ministries that promote and bring awareness to the importance of community service. FAME has helped much-needed resources to the home-less, elderly, and disabled, and it has created educational and career oppor-tunities for young students and high school graduates. These programs not only encourage people to remain civically engaged, but also foster con-nections between members of the church and communities throughout the State of Nevada. I applaud Reverend Ralph E. Williamson and his team for their strong leadership of this important or-ganization. It is through their selfless efforts that numerous Nevadans have been positively impacted by FAME. This institution is an invaluable part of the Silver State, and I extend my best wishes for continued success as the church enters its next chapter. 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CATHOLIC CHARITIES OF SOUTH-ERN NEVADA Mr. REID. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 75th anniversary of the Catholic Charities of Southern Nevada. Catholic Charities of Southern Ne-vada was established in 1921 by Bishop Thomas K. Gorman to provide social services for Nevadans in need. Bishop Gorman assigned Father Thomas F. Collins as the first director of Catholic Charities, and Father Collins diligently organized programs to combat home-lessness and connect families with fos-ter children throughout the Silver State. Bishop Gorman and Father Col-lins inspired hope through service to southern Nevadans, and we continue to see the same dedication in the organi-zation’s current leadership. With the incredible growth in Ne-vada, Catholic Charities has expanded to provide aid to senior citizens, refu-gees, immigrants, girls in crisis, and the homeless population throughout the Las Vegas Valley. Catholic Char-ities is now one of the largest private nonprofit social service providers in Nevada, offering comprehensive assist-ance through 20 programs to support the community. I have worked closely with Catholic Charities to forge public- private partnerships to address human trafficking, homelessness, immigration services, and poor nutrition. Today the organization serves as a sanctuary for people in southern Nevada. Catholic Charities has always made significant and positive contributions to our community. The services pro-vided by Catholic Charities ensure Ne-vadans have the support they need to live a better life in Nevada. Catholic Charities’ work is appreciated and ad-mired, and I wish their continued suc-cess. f 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE LAMBDA BUSINESS ASSOCIATION Mr. REID. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 25th anniversary of the Lambda Business Association. The Lambda Business Association was established in Las Vegas in 1991 as a networking club for lesbian, gay, bi-sexual, transgender, and queer— LGBTQ—businessowners and profes-sionals. Since then, Lambda has grown into a strong nonprofit organization known as the LGBTQ Chamber of Com-merce for Southern Nevada and has be-come a resilient voice for the LGBTQ business community. For the past 25 years, Lambda has brought together LGBTQ business own-ers and their allies to build a strong network of public leaders. Lambda’s members proudly display the at-tributes of inclusion, equality, integ-rity, fairness, and responsibility out-lined in Lambda’s code of ethics. Lambda also provides important volun-teer opportunities to its members to bring positive change to southern Ne-vada. Through its dedicated work, Lambda has fought for a more inclu-sive economic environment that pro-motes the entrepreneurial spirit that helps businesses grow and succeed. Lambda’s work is appreciated and ad-mired. I look forward to the continued work of Lambda to ensure equal rights for LGBTQ businessowners and profes-sionals, and I wish this important orga-nization success for many years to come. (At the request of Mr. REID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, for pur-poses of today’s votes, I want to an-nounce that, had I voted on Tuesday, September 6, 2016, I would have voted no on both cloture motions, the motion to invoke cloture on the conference re-port to accompany H.R. 2577, MilCon- VA appropriations, and the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to pro-ceed to Calendar No. 524, H.R. 5293, DOD appropriations. This is consistent with how I voted previously on June 28, July 7, and July 14, 2016.∑ 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–29, concerning the Department of the Navy’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of Qatar for de-fense articles and services estimated to cost $124.02 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news re-lease to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–29 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Qatar. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $0.02 million. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.026 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5242 September 6, 2016 
Other $124.00 million. Total $124.02 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Eight (8) M2HB .50 Caliber Machine Guns. Non-MDE: Also included are Mk–V Fast Patrol Boats, Forward Looking Infrared (FLIR) Systems, MLG 27mm Gun Systems, 27mm ammunition, 27mm target practice ammunition, .50 Caliber ammunition, sup-port equipment, publications, technical doc-umentation, personnel training, U.S. Gov-ernment and contractor engineering, in- country support, technical and logistics sup-port services. (iv) Military Department: Navy. (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: August 19, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Qatar—Mk–V Fast Patrol Boat The Government of Qatar has requested: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Eight (8) M2HB .50 Caliber Machine Guns Non-MDE: Also included are Mk–V Fast Patrol Boats, Forward Looking Infrared (FLIR) Systems, MLG 27mm Gun Systems, 27mm ammunition, 27mm target practice ammunition, .50 Caliber ammunition, sup-port equipment, publications, technical doc-umentation, personnel training, U.S. Gov-ernment and contractor engineering, in- country support, technical and logistics sup-port services. The total estimated value of MDE is $0.02 million. The total estimated value is $124.02 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a friendly country. Qatar is an im-portant force for political stability and eco-nomic progress in the Persian Gulf region. This proposed sale will provide Qatar with military capabilities to protect its critical sea-based infrastructure and maritime secu-rity. Qatar will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment, serv-ices, and support will not alter the basic military balance in the region. The principal contractor will be United States Marine Incorporated (USMI) in Gulf-port, Mississippi. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require multiple trips by U.S. Government and contractor representatives to participate in program and technical reviews, system in-tegration, as well as training and mainte-nance support in country for a period of five (5) years. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–29 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The Mk–V fast patrol boat is approxi-mately twenty-eight meters (28) long with an approximate beam of six (6) meters powered by MTU diesel engines with a waterjet drive. It has a top speed of forty-five (45) knots. The MK–V is outfitted with a stern launch- able inflatable boat. The MK–V is outfitted with unclassified commercial off-the-shelf navigation to include magnetic compass, fluxgate compass, gyro compass, Global Po-sitioning System (GPS), electronic chart plotter, anemometer, navigation radar, navi-gation lights, navigation horn siren, and other electrical and non-electronic naviga-tion aids. The MK–V utilizes commercial communications to include high frequency (HF), and very high frequency (VHF) commu-nication radio systems, intercom system, boat horn and blue strobe Jaw enforcement lights. The overall classification level of the vessel is UNCLASSIFIED. 2. A determination has been made that the Government of Qatar can provide substan-tially the same degree of protection for the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in furtherance of U.S. foreign policy and na-tional security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. 3. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Government of Qatar. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 15–55, concerning the Department of the Army’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of Afghanistan for defense articles and services estimated to cost $60 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news re-lease to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 15–55 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b) (1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Afghanistan. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $ 30.0 million. Other $30.0 million. Total $60.0 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Four thousand, eight hundred and ninety- one (4,891) M16A4 5.56mm Rifles. Four hundred and eighty-five (485) M240B 7.62mm Machine Guns. Eight hundred (800) M2 .50 caliber Machine Guns. Non-MDE: Also included with this request are M249 Light Automatic Machine Guns; M110 7.62mm Sniper Rifles; MK–19 40mm Gre-nade Launchers; MK–93 40mm Machine Gun Mounts; M3 Tripod Machine Gun Mounts; Spare Barrels; spare and repair parts; lot val-idation; publications and technical docu-mentation; personnel training and training equipment; Quality Assurance Team; U.S. Government and contractor technical and lo-gistics support services; and other related elements of logistics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Army (UBY). (v) Prior Related Cases. if any: FMS case B6–B–FAK–$138.8M—Nov 2007, FMS case E3– B–UAF—$39.0M—Aug 2008, FMS case E6–B– UBN—$55.0M—Jul 2009, FMS case AF–B– UBI—$3.3M—Jan 2010, FMS case G5–B–UAG— $39.0M—Mar 2010, FMS case G5–B–UEQ— $11.0M—Nov 2010, FMS case G5–B–UEK– $152.5M—Nov 2010, FMS case G6–B–UBD— $20.2M—Apr 2011, FMS case G6–B–UBI— $512.6M—May 2011, FMS case H5–B–UCN— $20.8M—Dec 2012, FMS case H5–B–UES— $1.8M—Aug 2013, FMS case J3–B–UCJ— $50.9M—Mar 2015, FMS case J3–B–UDE— $2.7M—Apr 2015, FMS case J3–B–UEW— $5.66M—Sep 2015, FMS case J8–B-UAI— $21M—May 2015, FMS case J8–B–UAN— $7.6M—Jul 2015, FMS case V3–B–UAP—$9M— Apr 2016. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: August 17, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Afghanistan—Individual and Crew Served Weapons The Government of Afghanistan has re-quested a possible sale of: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Four thousand, eight hundred and ninety- one (4,891) M16A4 5.56mm Rifles. Four hundred and eighty-five (485) M240B 7.62mm Machine Guns. Eight hundred (800) M2 .50 caliber Machine Guns. Non-MDE: Also included with this request are M249 Light Automatic Machine Guns; M110 7.62mm Sniper Rifles; MK–19 40mm Gre-nade Launchers; MK–93 40mm Machine Gun Mounts; M3 Tripod Machine Gun Mounts; Spare Barrels; spare and repair parts; lot val-idation; publications and technical docu-mentation; personnel training and training equipment; Quality Assurance Team; U.S. Government and contractor technical and lo-gistics support services; and other related elements of logistics and program support. The estimated cost is $60 million. The proposed sale will enhance the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by helping to improve the security of a strategic partner by providing weapons needed to maintain security and stability, as well as to conduct offensive op-erations against an ongoing insurgency. A stable and secure Afghanistan is vital to re-gional stability. This proposed sale will also demonstrate the U.S. commitment to Af-ghanistan’s security. Afghanistan has an urgent requirement to increase its stocks of crew-served weapons for ongoing counter-insurgency operations and enduring threats to its national sov-ereignty. These articles were determined to be necessary and are based on Afghanistan’s force structure and operational require-ments. The Afghan National Army (ANA) will use these weapons and equipment in both offen-sive and defensive operations against insur-gents and terrorists within their borders. Without these defense articles, the ANA will not have the military capabilities that are necessary to maintain security and stability. The ANA is thoroughly trained and prepared to use the proposed defense articles. Afghani-stan will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. While equipment for the ANA is typically purchased with Title 10 Afghanistan Secu-rity Forces Fund (ASFF) appropriations and implemented by DSCA through pseudo-FMS cases, Afghanistan will use U.S. government grants to fund and support this proposed pur-chase. The principal contractor for the M240B will be FN America, Columbia, SC. The principal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.055 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5243 September 6, 2016 
contractors for the M16A4, M2, and other weapons have not been identified pending open competition and contract award. Some items may be drawn from Army stocks to meet desired delivery dates. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connec-tion with this potential sale. Implementation of this sale will require the assignment of approximately eight (8) additional U.S. Government and approxi-mately six (6) contractor representatives to Afghanistan for approximately 5–6 weeks in support of the fielding, maintenance and per-sonnel training. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–30, concerning the Department of the Air Force’s proposed Lead-Nation sale to the NATO Support and Procurement Agency (NSPA) for defense articles and services esti-mated to cost $231 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this pro-posed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–30 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: NATO Support and Procurement Agency (NSPA) as Lead Nation for potential subsequent retransfer to Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Greece, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, and Spain in accordance with Section 3(d)(4)(C)(ii) (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $151 million. Other $80 million. Total $231 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Five hundred (500) Joint Direct Attack Mu-nition (JDAM) Guidance Kits, KMU–556 F/B. Forty (40) JDAM Guidance Kits, KMU–557 F/B. One thousand five hundred (1,500) JDAM Guidance Kits, KMU–572 F/B. One thousand (1,000) MAU 210 E/B Com-puter Control Groups for 1,000-lb. Enhanced Paveway IIs. Three hundred (300) MAU 210 E/B Computer Control Groups for GBU–49s. One thousand twenty-five (1,025) MAU 169 L/B Computer Control Groups for GBU–12s. One thousand and three hundred fifty (1,350) Joint Programmable Fuzes, FMU–152 A/B. Sixty (60) Bomb Fin Assembly and Airfoil Group 650–MXU K/B for GBU–12s. One thousand twenty-five (1,025) Bomb Fin Assembly and Airfoil Group, MXU–650 K/B AFG for GBU–12s. Non-MDE: This request also includes the following Non-MDE: Detector Sensing Unit (DSU)–38A/B Laser sensors, DSU–330/B prox-imity sensors, Wireless Paveway Avionics Kit (WIPAK) interfaces for Enhanced Paveway TI bombs, FMU–139C/B electronic bomb fuzes, repair and return services, trans-portation, engineering services, and other support services. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (YAA). (v) Prior Related Cases. if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: August 9, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  NATO Support and Procurement Agency— Precision Guided Munitions NATO Support and Procurement Agency as Lead Nation has requested a possible sale of precision guided munitions for subsequent retransfer to Belgium, Czech Republic, Den-mark, Greece, Netherlands, Norway, Por-tugal, and Spain. Included are: five hundred (500) Joint Direct Attack Munition (JDAM) Guidance Kits, KMU–556 F/B; forty (40) JDAM Guidance Kits, KMU–557 F/B; one thousand five hundred (1,500) JDAM Guid-ance Kits, KMU–572 F/B; one thousand (1,000) MAU 210 E/B Computer Control Groups for 1,000-lb. Enhanced Paveway IIs; three hun-dred (300) MAU 210 E/B Computer Control Groups for GBU–49s; one thousand twenty- five (1,025) MAU 169 L/B Computer Control Groups for GBU–12s; one thousand three hun-dred fifty (1,350) Joint Programmable Fuzes, FMU–152 A/B; sixty (60) Bomb Fin Assembly and Airfoil Group 650–MXU K/B for GBU–12s; one thousand twenty-five (1,025) Bomb Fin Assembly and Airfoil Group, MXU–650 K/B AFG for GBU–12s. It also includes Detector Sensing Unit (DSU)–38A/B Laser sensors; DSU–33D/B proximity sensors; Wireless Paveway Avionics Kit (WIPAK) interfaces for Enhanced Paveway II bombs; FMU–139C/ B electronic bomb fuzes; repair and return services; transportation; engineering serv-ices; and other support services. The esti-mated value is $231 million. The proposed sale improves NATO mem-bers’ capability to meet current and future ground threats with precision. They will use the enhanced capacity as a deterrent to re-gional threats, and to increase interoper-ability within contingency operations. Many of the purchasing nations already have preci-sion-guided munitions in their inventories and will have no difficulty absorbing these additional munitions. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractors for production are the Boeing Corporation of St Louis, Mis-souri, and Raytheon Missile Systems of Tuc-son, Arizona. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to NATO. There is no adverse impact on U.S. defense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–30 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The Joint Direct Attack Munition (JDAM) is a guidance kit that converts ex-isting unguided free-fall bombs into preci-sion-guided ‘‘smart’’ munitions. By adding a new tail section containing Inertial Naviga-tion System (INS)/Global Positioning Sys-tem (GPS) guidance to existing inventories of BLU–109, BLU–111, and BLU–117, or MK–84 and MK–82 bombs, the cost effective JDAM provides highly accurate weapon delivery in any ‘‘flyable’’ weather. The INS, using up-dates from the GPS, helps guide the bomb to the target via the use of movable tail fins. The bomb is fitted with the MXU–650 airfoil and the MAU–169 L/B Computer Control Group (CCG) or the MAU–210 E/B to guide to its laser-designated target. The JDAM All Up Round (AUR) and all of its components are UNCLASSIFIED; technical data for JDAM are classified up to SECRET. Weapon accuracy is dependent on target coordinates and present position as entered into the guidance control unit. After weapon release, movable tail fins guide the weapon to the target coordinates. 2. The KMU–556 F/B, KMU–557 F/B and the KMU–572 F/B are the tail kits for the GBU– 31. They contain a GPS Receiver Card with Selective Availability Anti-Spoofing Module (SAASM). Information revealing SAASM im-plementation details such as number or length of keying variables, circuit diagrams, specific quantitative measures, functions, and capabilities is classified SECRET. 3. The DSU–38A/B Laser Sensor uses both GPS-aided inertial navigations and/or Laser guidance to execute threat targets. The Laser sensor enhances standard JDAM’s re-active target capability by allowing rapid prosecution of fixed targets with large ini-tial target location errors (TLE). The DSU– 38A/B Laser sensor also provides the addi-tional capability to engage mobile targets moving up to 70 mph. The DSU–38 Laser sen-sor is a strap down (non-gimbaled) sensor that attaches to the Mk–82 or BLU–111 bomb body in the forward fuze well. The addition of the DSU–38 Laser sensor combined with additional cabling and mounting hardware turns a standard GBU–38 JDAM into a GBU– 54 Laser JDAM. Information revealing target designation tactics and associated aircraft maneuvers, the probability of destroying specific/peculiar targets, vulnerabilities re-garding countermeasures and the electro-magnetic environment is classified SECRET. Information revealing the probability of de-stroying common/unspecified targets, the number of simultaneous lasers the laser seeker head can discriminate, and data on the radar/infrared frequency is classified CONFIDENTIAL. 4. The FMU–152 fuze is a Multi-Delay, Multi-Arm and Proximity Sensor compatible with General Purpose Blast, Fragmentation and Hardened-Target Penetrator Warheads. It is cockpit selectable in-flight (prior to re-lease) when used with JDAMS weapons. It can interface with the following weapons: GBU–10, GBU–12, GBU–15, GBU–16, GBU–24, GBU–27, GBU–28, GBU–31, GBU–32, GBU–38, and AGM–130. 5. If a technologically advanced adversary obtained knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the information could be used to develop countermeasures which might reduce weapon system effec-tiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabili-ties. 6. A determination has been made that NSPA and the participating countries can provide substantially the same degree of pro-tection for the sensitive technology being re-leased as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives out-lined in the Policy Justification. 7. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to NATO, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Greece, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, and Spain. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.058 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5244 September 6, 2016 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–32, concerning the Department of the Army’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for defense articles and services estimated to cost $1.15 billion. After this letter is deliv-ered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J. W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–32 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $0.15 billion. Other $1.00 billion. Total $1.15 billion. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): One hundred fifty-three (153) MI Al/A2 Abrams Tank structures for conversion to one hundred thirty-three (133) MI A2S Saudi Abrams configured Main Battle Tanks and twenty (20) battle damage replacements for the existing fleet. One hundred fifty-three (153) M2 .50 Caliber Machine Guns. Two hundred sixty-six (266) 7.62mm M240 Machine Guns. One hundred fifty-three (153) M250 Smoke Grenade Launchers. Twenty (20) M88 A1/A2 Heavy Equipment Recovery Combat Utility Lift Evacuation System (HERCULES) Armored Recovery Ve-hicle (ARV) Structures for conversion to twenty (20) M88 A1/A2 HERCULES ARVs. One hundred sixty-nine (169) AN/VAS–5 Driver Vision Enhancer—Abrams (DVE–A). One hundred thirty-three (133) AN/PVS–7B Night Vision Devices. Four thousand two hundred fifty-six (4,256) Rounds M865 Training Ammunition. Two thousand three hundred ninety-four (2,394) Rounds M831A1 Training Ammunition. Non-MDE: This request also includes the following Non-MDE: M1 Al/A2 Tank and M88A1/A2 ARV overhaul, conversion and re-furbishment services; Special Tools and Test Equipment; Basic Issue Items; Program Man-agement Support; Verification Testing; Sys-tem Technical Support; Advanced Gunnery Training System (AGTS); Deployable Ad-vanced Gunnery Training System (DAGTS); Transportation; Binoculars; Camouflage Net-ting; spare and repair parts; communications equipment; personnel training and training equipment; tool and test equipment; repair and return; publications and technical docu-mentation; Quality Assurance Team (QAT); U.S. Government and contractor engineer-ing, technical and logistics support services; and other related elements of logistics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Army (SR–B– VTF). (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (v) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Pro-posed to be Sold: See Annex attached. (vii) Prior Related Case. if any: SR–B–VKZ, Implemented 27 Nov 06, TCV: 3,220,367,024 SR–B–VTC, Implemented 08 Dec 14, TCV: 1,887,611,823 (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: August 8, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Kingdom of Saudi Arabia—M1A2S Saudi Abrams Main Battle Tanks and M88A1/A2: Heavy Equipment Recovery Combat Util-ity Lift Evacuation System (HERCULES) Armored Recovery Vehicles (ARV) The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has re-quested a possible sale of up to one hundred fifty-three (153) M1A1/A2 Tank structures for conversion to one hundred thirty-three (133) M1A2S Saudi Abrams configured Main Battle Tanks and twenty (20) battle damage re-placements for their existing fleet; one hun-dred fifty-three (153) M2 .50 Caliber Machine Guns; two hundred sixty-six (266) 7.62mm M240 Machine Guns; one hundred thirty- three (153) M250 Smoke Grenade Launchers; twenty (20) M88A1/A2 Heavy Equipment Re-covery Combat Utility Lift Evacuation Sys-tem (HERCULES) Armored Recovery Vehi-cle (ARV) Structures for conversion to twen-ty (20) M88A1/A2 HERCULES ARVs; one hun-dred sixty-nine (169) AN/VAS–5 Driver Vision Enhancer-Abrams (DVE–A); one hundred thirty-three (133) AN/PVS–7B Night Vision Devices; four thousand two hundred fifty-six (4,256) Rounds M865 Training Ammunition; and two thousand three hundred ninety-four (2,394) Rounds M831A1 Training Ammunition. Also included are M1A1/A2 Tank and M88A1/ A2 ARV overhaul, conversion and refurbish-ment service; Special Tools and Test Equip-ment; Basic Issue Items; Program Manage-ment Support; Verification Testing; System Technical Support; Advanced Gunnery Training System (AGTS); Deployable Ad-vanced Gunnery Training System (DAGTS); Transportation, Binoculars, Camouflage Net-ting; spare and repair parts; communications equipment; personnel training and training equipment; tool and test equipment; repair and return; publications and technical docu-mentation; Quality Assurance Team (QAT); U.S. Government and contractor engineer-ing, technical and logistics support services; and other related elements of logistics and program support. The total estimated value is $1.15 billion. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a strategic regional partner which has been and continues to be a leading con-tributor of political stability and economic progress in the Middle East. This sale will increase the Royal Saudi Land Force’s (RSLF) interoperability with U.S. forces and conveys U.S. commitment to Saudi Arabia’s security and armed forces modernization. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The proposed sale will improve Saudi Ara-bia’s capability to meet current and future threats and provide greater security for its critical infrastructure. The addition of these tanks and recovery vehicles to the RSLF’s inventory will enhance Saudi Arabia’s abil-ity to support its soldiers in the field and to defend the Kingdom’s borders. Saudi Arabia will have no difficulty absorbing these vehi-cles into its armed forces. The principal contractor will be General Dynamics Land Systems (GDLS), Sterling Heights, Michigan. There are no known off-set agreements in connection with this po-tential sale. Implementation of this sale will not re-quire the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representatives to Saudi Arabia. Support teams will travel to the country on a temporary basis. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–32 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology. 1. This sale will involve the release of sen-sitive technology to Saudi Arabia. The M1A2S Main Battle Tank (MBT) is an ana-log/digital hybrid system comprising the best features of the M1A1 and M1A2 SEP v2 tanks, while limiting component obsoles-cence challenges. This configuration is unique to Saudi Arabia. It is armed with the M256 120mm smooth bore gun and has an im-proved fire control system with range of ef-fective fire in excess of 4 km. Secondary ar-mament of the M1A2S consists of a coaxial 7.62mm machine gun, another 7.62mm ma-chine gun mounted over the gunner’s hatch, and a 12.7mm machine gun mounted over commander’s hatch. The vehicle is operated by a crew of four, including a tank com-mander, gunner, loader, and a driver. The M88A1/A2 Heavy Equipment Recovery Com-bat Utility Lift Evacuation System (HER-CULES) Armored Recovery Vehicle (ARV) is a full-tracked armored vehicle used to per-form battlefield recovery missions including towing, hoisting, and winching. It is fully ca-pable of recovery support for Abrams series tanks and future heavy combat vehicles. a. M1A2S Thermal Imaging System (TIS). The TIS is a second generation Forward Looking Infrared Radar (FLIR) system and constitutes a target acquisition system which, when operated with other tank sys-tems, gives the tank crew a substantial ad-vantage over the potential threat. The TIS provides the M1A2S crew with the ability to effectively aim and fire the tank main arma-ment system under a broad range of adverse battlefield conditions. The hardware itself is UNCLASSIFIED. The engineering design and manufacturing data associated with the de-tector and infrared (IR) optics and coatings are considered sensitive. The technical data package is UNCLASSIFIED with the excep-tion of the specifications for the target ac-quisition range which are CONFIDENTIAL. b. Special Armor. The major components of special armor are fabricated in sealed modules and in serialized removable sub-as-semblies. Special armor vulnerability data for both chemical and kinetic energy rounds are classified SECRET. Engineering design and manufacturing data related to special armor are also classified SECRET. c. M256 120mm Gun and Ammunition Sys-tem. It is composed of a 120mm smoothbore gun, ‘‘long rod’’ Armor Piercing Fin Sta-bilized Discarding Sabot (APFSDS) kinetic warheads; and combustible cartridge case ammunition. The suite is UNCLASSIFIED. d. Advanced Gas Turbine (AGT) 1500 Gas Turbine Propulsion System. The use of a gas turbine propulsion system in the M1A2S is a unique application of armored vehicle power pack technology. The hardware is composed of the AGT–1500 engine and transmission, and is UNCLASSIFIED. Manufacturing proc-esses associated with the production of tur-bine blades, recuperator, bearings and shafts, and hydrostatic pump and motor, are propri-etary and therefore are commercially com-petition sensitive. e. Compartmentation. A major surviv-ability feature of the Abrams Tank is the compartmentation of fuel and ammunition. Compartmentation is the positive separation of the crew and critical components from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.059 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5245 September 6, 2016 
combustible materials. In the event that the fuel or ammunition is ignited or deteriorated by an incoming threat round, the crew is fully protected. As demonstrated during the Abram Live Fire tests, compartmentation significantly enhances crew survivability and substantially reduces the likelihood of the tank being immobilized by an ammuni-tion explosion and fire. Sensitive informa-tion includes the performance of the ammu-nition compartments as well as the compart-ment design parameters. f. The Driver’s Vision Enhancer-Abrams (DVE–A), AN/AS–5. The AN/AS–5 is an un- cooled thermal imaging system developed for use while driving Combat Vehicles (CVs) and Tactical Wheeled Vehicles (TWVs). It allows for tactical vehicle movement in support of operational missions in all environmental conditions (day/night and all weather) and provides enhanced driving capability during limited visibility conditions (darkness, smoke, dust, fog, etc.). The DVE program provides night vision targeting capabilities for armored vehicles and long-range night vi-sion reconnaissance capability to the warfighter. The highest level of classifica-tion is CONFIDENTIAL for hardware and software. g. AN/PVS–7B Night Vision Devices (NVD). These devices are man-portable NVDs which incorporate image intensification tech-nology. This technology is contained in a sealed intensifier tube that is serialized and removable. Engineering and manufacturing data related to the image intensification tube sub-components are classified CON-FIDENTIAL. All data related to vulnerabilities and weaknesses are classified SECRET. 2. Software, hardware, and other classified or sensitive data are reviewed prior to re-lease to protect system vulnerabilities, de-sign data, and performance parameters. Some end-item hardware, software, and other data identified above are classified at the CONFIDENTIAL and SECRET level. Po-tential compromise of these systems is con-trolled through the management of the basic software programs of highly sensitive sys-tems and software-controlled weapons sys-tems on a case-by-case bases. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures or equivalent systems which might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 4. A determination has been made that Saudi Arabia can provide the same degree of protection for the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives out-lined in the Policy Justification. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–50, concerning the Department of the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of Argentina for defense articles and services estimated to cost $300 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J. W. RIXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–50 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Argentina. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $196 million. Other $104 million. Total $300 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Twenty-four (24) T–6C+ Texan trainer air-craft. Non-Major Defense Equipment (MDE): This request includes the following Non-MDE: Spare engines, initial spare parts, support equipment, communications equipment, studies and surveys, contract logistics sup-port and technical services, aircraft tech-nical publications, aircraft ferry and sup-port, life support equipment, initial mainte-nance training, initial pilot training, follow- on training, alternate mission equipment, Air Force Materiel Command services and travel, unclassified minor modifications and engineering change proposals, ground-based training system, operational flight trainer (OFT) and OFT spare parts. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (AR– D–SAI). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: July 29, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Argentina—T–6C+ Texan aircraft The Government of Argentina has re-quested a possible sale of twenty-four (24) T– 6C+ Texan trainer aircraft, spare engines, initial spare parts, support equipment, com-munications equipment, studies and surveys, contract logistics support and technical services, aircraft technical publications, air-craft ferry and support, life support equip-ment, initial maintenance training, initial pilot training, follow-on training, alternate mission equipment, Air Force Materiel Com-mand services and travel, unclassified minor modifications and engineering change pro-posals, ground-based training system, oper-ational flight trainer (OFT) and OFT spare parts. The estimated value is $300 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a major non-NATO ally. This po-tential sale will provide additional opportu-nities for bilateral engagements and further strengthen the bilateral relationship be-tween the United States and Argentina. The Argentine military has embarked on an ambitious path toward modernizing its military materiel. The proposed sale will re-vitalize Argentina’s capability to train its pilots and fulfill border control missions, es-pecially along its porous northern border. The Argentine Air Force (AAF) will use the enhanced capability to redevelop a pro-fessional pilot corps and as a deterrent to il-licit activity. The AAF is very experienced working with the Pratt & Whitney FT6 fam-ily of engines which they currently have on their T–34, King Air, and Cessna Caravan air-craft. Given the logistical commonalities with the aircraft already in its fleet, the AAF will be able to support and field the new T–60+s. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractor will be Beechcraft Defense Company, LLC, of Wichita, Kansas. The purchaser requested offsets. At this time, agreements are undetermined and will be cefined in negotiations between the pur-chaser and contractor. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to Argentina. The AAF plan is to ini-tially train a cadre of mechanics in in the United States, then a larger group in coun-try via military training teams. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–50 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Latter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(bXI) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The T–6C+ is a single engine turboprop trainer aircraft modified with an embedded virtual weapons training, simulation, and no-drop scoring capability, and is UNCLAS-SIFIED. The simulation and scoring capa-bility is primarily designed to teach air-to- ground operations. The T–6C+ also includes the capability to carry mounted external fuel tanks and employ lightweight training weapons. 2. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Government of Ar-gentina. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–27, concerning the Department of the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the United Arab Emirates for de-fense articles and services estimated to cost $785 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J
ENNIFER ZAKRISKI  (For J.W. Rixey, Vice Admiral, USN, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–27 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: United Arab Emirates. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $740 million. Other $45 million. Total $785 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Seven thousand seven hundred (7,700) GBU– 10 guidance kits. Seven thousand seven hundred (7,700) Mk– 84/BLU–117 bombs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.060 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5246 September 6, 2016 
Five thousand nine hundred forty (5,940) GBU–12 guidance kits. Five thousand nine hundred forty (5,940) Mk–82/BLU–111 bombs. Five hundred (500) GBU–31V1 guidance kits. Five hundred (500) Mk–84/BLU–117 bombs. Five hundred (500) GBU–31V3 guidance kits. Five hundred (500) BLU–109 bombs. Fourteen thousand six hundred forty (14,640) FMU–152 fuzes. Non-MDE: Also included is munitions sup-port. The estimated value of this possible sale is $785 million, (iv) Military Department: USAF (AAD, A02). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: SAA– $113,853,132–AUG 00, YAB–$156,304,329–AUG 02, YAC–$874,241,603–MAR 08, AAC–$13,467,991– JUN 11, AAD–$11,827,867–JAN 15, AAE– $130,000,000–OCT 15, AAF–$310,000,000–JAN 16 (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: July 15, 2016. * As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  United Arab Emirates—Munitions, Sustainment, and Support The Government of the United Arab Emir-ates (UAE) requests approval to procure seven thousand seven hundred (7,700) GBU–10 guidance kits with seven thousand seven hundred (7,700) Mk–84/BLU–117 bombs, five thousand nine hundred forty (5,940) GBU–12 guidance kits with five thousand nine hun-dred forty (5,940) Mk–82/BLU–111 bombs, five hundred (500) GBU–3IVI guidance kits with five hundred (500) Mk–84/BLU–117 bombs, five hundred (500) GBU–31V3 guidance kits with five hundred (500) BLU–109 bombs, and four-teen thousand six hundred forty (14,640) FMU–152 fuzes. This sale also includes nonMDE munitions items. The total esti-mated value of MDE is $740 million. The overall total estimated value is $785 million. This proposed sale contributes to the for-eign policy and national security of the United States by helping the UAE remain an active member of the OPERATION INHER-ENT RESOLVE (OIR) coalition working to defeat the Islamic State in Iraq and the Le-vant (ISIL). These munitions will sustain the UAE’s efforts and support a key partner that remains an important force for political sta-bility and economic progress in the Middle East. The proposed sale provides the UAE addi-tional precision guided munitions to meet current and future threats. The UAE con-tinues to provide host-nation support of vital U.S. forces stationed at Al Dhafra Air Base and plays a vital role in supporting U.S. re-gional interests. The UAE was a valued part-ner and active participant in OPERATION IRAQI FREEDOM (OIF), OPERATION EN-DURING FREEDOM (OEF), OPERATION UNIFIED PROTECTOR (OUP), and now is a valued partner in OIR coalition operations. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The UAE will have no difficulties absorb-ing these munitions into its inventory. The munitions will be sourced through pro-curement and the contractor determined during contract negotiations. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connec-tion with this potential sale. There are no additional U.S. Government or contractor representatives anticipated to be stationed in the UAE as a result of this potential sale. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–47, concerning the Department of the Navy’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of Japan for de-fense articles and services estimated to cost $821 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J
ENNIFER ZAKRISKI , (For J. W. Rixey, Vice Admiral, USN, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–47 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Japan. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $685 million. Other $136 million. Total $821 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Up to two hundred forty-six (246) Standard Missiles (SM–2), Block IIIB Vertical Launch-ing Tactical All-Up Rounds, RIM–66M–09. Non-MDE: This request also includes the following Non-MDE: MK 13 MOD 0 Vertical Launching System Canisters, operator manuals, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistics support services. (iv) Military Department: Navy (ATA and ASZ). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: JA–P –ARH–MAR 11, $32,149,836; JA–P–AQO–FEB 08, $36,133,478; JA–P–AQE—AUG 06, $25,932,921; JA–P–AQF–AUG 06, $32,030,680; JA–P–ANW–SEP05, $46,147,937;JA–P–ANX– SEP05, $30,207,196; JA–P–APS–SEP 05, $24,923,134; JA–P–APT–NOV 04, $25,041,269; JA–P–APU 09NOV 04, $18,297,591; JA–P–APV– NOV 04, $13,328,470; JA–P–APG–JUL 03, $26,545,311; JA–P–APP–JUL 03, $15,581,478. (vi) Sales Commission. Fee, etc. Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Annex attached. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: July 15, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act, 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Japan—SM–2 Block IIIB Standard Missiles The Government of Japan has requested a possible sale of up to two hundred forty-six (246) Standard Missile (SM–2), Block IIIB Vertical Launching Tactical All-Up Rounds, RIM–66M–09. This request also includes MK 13 MOD 0 Vertical Launching System Can-isters, operator manuals and technical docu-mentation, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistics support services. The total estimated value of Major Defense Equipment (MDE) is $685 million. The total overall estimated value is $821 mil-lion. Japan is one of the major political and eco-nomic powers in East Asia and the Western Pacific, a key democratic partner of the United States in ensuring regional peace and stability, a close coalition ally in regional contingency operations, and a close coopera-tive and international exchange agreement partner. It is vital to U.S. national interests that Japan develops and maintains a strong and ready self-defense capability. This trans-action is consistent with U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives and the 1960 Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security. These SM–2 Block IIIB missiles will be used for anti-air warfare at sea. Japan cur-rently fields four Kongo-class and two Atago-class destroyers, all of which are equipped with the Aegis Combat system and SM–2 Block IIIA/IIIB missiles. Japan is also building two new Aegis-equipped destroyers based on a modified Atago-class hull. The SM–2 Block IIIB missiles proposed in this sale will be used on these two future destroy-ers as well as supplementing Japan’s missile inventory. Combined with the Aegis combat system, the SM–2 Block IIIB provides signifi-cantly enhanced area defense capabilities over critical East Asian and Western Pacific air-and sea-lines of communication. Japan has two Intermediate-Level Maintenance Fa-cilities capable of maintaining the SM–2 Block IIIB and will have no difficulty ab-sorbing these new missiles into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractors will be Raytheon Missile Systems Company, Tucson, Arizona; Raytheon Company, Camden, Arkansas; and BAE of Minneapolis and Aberdeen, South Da-kota. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this sale will not re-quire the assignment of any U.S. or con-tractor representatives to Japan. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. f REMEMBERING ROBERT MORGAN Mr. BURR. Mr. President, former U.S. Senator Robert Morgan of North Carolina passed away on July 16, 2016, after a lifetime of public service. Sen-ator Morgan served as a State senator, State attorney general, U.S. Senator, and director of the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation. He was a man of integrity who was well re-spected by our citizens. Senator Mor-gan was devoted to doing all he could to make his community, his State, and his Nation a better place for everyone. He will certainly be missed by his fam-ily and all who knew him. At the request of Caroll Legget, the former chief of staff to former U.S. Senator Robert Morgan, I ask unani-mous consent that an obituary from the News & Observer published from July 18 to July 20, 2016, and the en-tirety of two editorials from the July 18, 2016, edition of the New York Times and from the July 20, 2016, edition of the Washington Post be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the News&Observer, July 18 to July 20, 2016.] Robert Burren Morgan, former Attorney General of North Carolina, United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.062 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5247 September 6, 2016 
Senator and a prominent figure in North Carolina politics for a half century, died Sat-urday, July 16, at his home in Buies Creek, North Carolina. Morgan, 90, was born on Oc-tober 5, 1925, near Lillington in Harnett County. He was the son of James Harvey Morgan and Alice Butts Morgan. Morgan attended Lillington public schools and earned a degree from East Carolina Uni-versity. He graduated from the Wake Forest University School of Law. While still a stu-dent at Wake Forest, he filed as a candidate for the office of Clerk of Court of Harnett County and was elected, serving from 1950– 1954. This launched Morgan’s political ca-reer. He was a Democrat and a populist and throughout his life he championed the causes of working people and gave voice to their concerns and aspirations. Morgan established a successful law prac-tice in Lillington and became known as a skilled trial attorney specializing in per-sonal injury, criminal defense, real property law and anti-trust. In 1955, he was elected to the North Carolina Senate and rose to its highest office, President Pro, Tempore. He served until 1968 when he was elected Attor-ney General of North Carolina. Four years later he was reelected. As Attorney General, Morgan established one of the nation’s first consumer protection offices and was a tenacious advocate for North Carolina residents before the State Utilities Commission that sets rates paid for electric power. He was responsible for the passage of the ‘‘Little FTC Act’’ that made unfair and deceptive trade practices unlaw-ful in North Carolina. He reorganized the At-torney General’s office and hired out-standing young law graduates and practicing attorneys, two of whom later became Chief Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court. He also hired the first African-Amer-ican lawyer to serve in the Attorney Gen-eral’s office. Morgan believed strongly that law enforce-ment officers should receive professional training and persuaded the North Carolina General Assembly to establish a law enforce-ment training academy and to adopt stand-ards for officers. He revamped the State Bu-reau of Investigation, which was then in the Justice Department, and after his service in the United States Senate served as Director of the SBI for several years. His landmark achievements as Attorney General of North Carolina and the leadership he provided for the National Association of Attorneys Gen-eral was recognized by his peers who pre-sented him the Wyman Memorial Award, naming him the Outstanding Attorney Gen-eral in the United States. Morgan ran for and was elected to the United States Senate seat previously held by Senator Sam J. Ervin. Morgan was a close friend of former Senator and Vice President Hubert Humphrey who came to North Caro-lina and keynoted his campaign kickoff event in Buies Creek. He was a master of the legislative process, and the experience he obtained in the North Carolina State Senate served him well in the United States Senate. He held prestigious committee assignments that included Bank-ing, Armed Services, Public Works and Se-lect Intelligence. His expertise in the area of anti-trust was immediately recognized by his colleagues, and he was tapped by the leader-ship to lead the floor debate along with former Massachusetts Senator Ted Kennedy that resulted in the passage of landmark fed-eral anti-trust legislation that had lan-guished in the US Senate for years. While a member of the U.S. Senate, Mor-gan was appointed by Senate Majority Lead-er Robert Byrd to the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, chaired by the Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court. He served faithfully and with distinc-tion and subsequently was appointed to the National Portrait Gallery Commission. He remained a Regent Emeritus of the Smithso-nian and continued to be active therein until his health began to fail. Morgan was a fierce advocate for his alma mater, East Carolina University, and served as chairman of its board of trustees. He led the battle for university status for East Carolina and the effort to establish its med-ical school. East Carolina recognized his out-standing leadership and devotion by confer-ring upon him an honorary degree; pre-senting him with the Jarvis Medal, the Uni-versity’s highest service award; naming him Outstanding Alumnus; and presenting him with its Alumni Service Award. Morgan returned to the practice of law in 1991, opening a law office in Raleigh and Lillington with his two daughters. There he lovingly shared with them, not only his knowledge, but also his commitment to the justice that the law should provide. Trying cases with his daughters was one of the most meaningful gifts that he gave them. He con-tinued to practice law into his 80s. From 2000 to 2003, Morgan served as found-ing president of the North Carolina Center for Voter Education, a Raleigh-based non-profit and nonpartisan organization that seeks to increase civic engagement in North Carolina. He persuaded his friend Senator John McCain of Arizona and later candidate for President, to come to Raleigh and make the organization’s kickoff speech. Morgan had a life-long interest in issues related to persons with disabilities and also was an ad-vocate for environmental causes. He had a distinguished military career. He enlisted in the United States Navy and grad-uated from Midshipman’s School shortly be-fore the end of WWII, serving from 1944–1946. He was recalled during the Korean Conflict serving from 1952–1955. He remained in the Navy Reserve through 1971, advancing to the rank of Lieutenant Commander. He served in the United States Air Force Reserve from 1971–1973, retiring as Lieutenant Colonel. Robert Morgan was a lifelong Baptist and served on the Board of Deacons of Memorial Baptist Church in Buies Creek and as Chair of the North Carolina Baptist Retirement Homes Foundation. Robert Morgan is survived by his wife, the former Katie Earle Owen of Roseboro and three children: Margaret Holmes and hus-band Edward of Chapel Hill and grand-children Grace and Robert; Mary Morgan of Raleigh and granddaughter Elizabeth Mor-gan Reeves; and Rupert Tart and wife Val-erie of Angier and granddaughters Emma Jayne Crews, and Heather Tart Schaffer and her husband Davey. Surviving nieces and nephews are Mary Lou Matthews and hus-band Billy Ray, Nancy Morgan Brady, and Larry Morgan and wife, Nancy. He had two sisters and a brother who predeceased him: Lucille Morgan Byrd, Esther Morgan, and Melvin Morgan. He was also predeceased by his daughter, Alice Jean Morgan. 
[From the New York Times, July 18, 2016.] R
OBERT B. M ORGAN , SENATOR UNDONE BY HIS P
ANAMA CANAL VOTES, DIES AT 90 Robert B. Morgan, a former United States senator from North Carolina whose votes for treaties to turn the Panama Canal over to Panama in 1978 cost him his seat after only one term, died on Saturday at his home in Buies Creek, N.C. He was 90. His death was confirmed by Carroll Leggett, his former chief of staff. Mr. Morgan was a moderate Democrat whose Senate voting record was ranked high-er by the American Conservative Union than by the liberal Americans for Democratic Ac-tion. But his votes on the Panama Canal were his undoing. As he sought re-election in 1980, his Republican challenger, John P. East, attacked him on the issue throughout the campaign, largely through television commercials. Mr. East’s campaign was run by allies of Senator Jesse Helms, the state’s senior Re-publican and an intense foe of giving up the canal, and the attacks were sometimes per-sonal. In one ad, Mr. Helms questioned Mr. Morgan’s Christian faith. Mr. East’s victory, by only 10,401 votes out of more than 900,000 cast, was one of at least five Senate elections that turned on the issue of the Panama Canal and helped give President Ronald Reagan the first Repub-lican majority in the Senate since 1955 as he entered office, having turned back Jimmy Carter’s bid for re-election. The Republican votes in the Senate were a critical element in Mr. Reagan’s legislative successes. While many senators required wooing by President Carter before they would back the treaties, Mr. Morgan did not. He had been to the Canal Zone in 1976 and believed a change in control was essential lest the canal be possibly sabotaged or attacked. When Mr. Carter called him in August 1977 to ask him not to oppose the treaties until they could be explained to the public, Mr. Morgan sur-prised the president by telling him that he was already in favor of them. One treaty gave the canal to Panama through a series of steps concluding in 1999. The other asserted that the canal would re-main neutral in perpetuity and authorized the United States to intervene if that neu-trality was threatened—a provision to calm fears of a takeover by China or some other hostile power. By the time they came to votes in March and April 1978, Mr. Morgan had no doubt that the treaties would be unpopular in his state. He said he had received 60,000 pieces of mail about the canal, only 3,000 backing the trea-ties. But he did not expect the issue to defeat him. The treaties passed, 68 to 32, only one vote more than the two-thirds required for the Senate to approve treaties. In an interview for this obituary in 2010, Mr. Morgan said he was sure his decision to back the treaties was the correct one. ‘‘I think if I had not done it, there wouldn’t be a Panama Canal,’’ he said. Robert Burren Morgan was born on Oct. 5, 1925, in Lillington, N.C., where he lived all his life. He was drafted into the wartime Navy in 1944 during his sophomore year at East Carolina Teachers College in Green-ville, N.C., now East Carolina University. He was recalled to duty in the Korean War and saw combat as an officer on the aircraft car-rier Valley Forge. On leaving the Navy, he practiced law and served in the State Senate for 14 years before being elected state attorney general, a post he held from 1969 to 1974. As attorney general, he took a strong role in furthering consumer protections, creating a law enforcement training academy and ex-panding the State Bureau of Investigations. After he left the United States Senate, he headed the investigations bureau from 1985 to 1992. He also led the North Carolina Center for Voter Education, which campaigned for pub-lic financing in the election of appellate judges. When the proposal became law in 2002, Mr. Morgan said that ‘‘judges will no longer be forced to raise money like politi-cians’’ and praised the legislature for acting ‘‘to make sure that money and politics have no place in a court of law.’’ Before the Panama Canal issue, the most controversial aspect of Mr. Morgan’s career was his role as campaign manager for I. Bev-erly Lake, who ran for governor of North 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.053 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5248 September 6, 2016 
Carolina in 1960 as the most segregationist candidate in a field of candidates who all op-posed school integration—as anyone who wanted to be elected did then, when very few blacks voted. ‘‘At that time,’’ Mr. Morgan said in 2010, ‘‘nobody was integrating.’’ He said he had taken the position of cam-paign manager because Mr. Lake, a pro-fessor, had been a beloved mentor in law school. Mr. Morgan is survived by his wife, the former Katie Earle Owen, whom he married in 1960; two daughters, Margaret Morgan Holmes and Mary Morgan; a foster son, Rupert C. Tart Jr.; and five grandchildren. Some of the personal attacks of the 1980 campaign rankled him, especially the role of Mr. Helms, whom Mr. Morgan had not cam-paigned against in 1978 during Mr. Helms’s own reelection run. Mr. Helms said in a tele-vision commercial that the election of Mr. East, a Methodist, was necessary so that the state would be represented by ‘‘a real Chris-tian.’’ In the spring of 1978, Mr. Morgan, an active Baptist, had urged his coreligionists to re-main true to their commitment to separa-tion of church and state and not to invoke religion ‘‘on matters on which reasonable men may differ.’’ 
[From the Washington Post, July 20, 2016.] R
OBERT MORGAN , SENATOR WHOCAST CRU-
CIAL VOTES FOR PANAMA CANAL TREATIES , D
IES AT 90 Robert B. Morgan, a North Carolina Demo-crat who was a freshman U.S. senator when he cast crucial votes in favor of treaties that transferred control of the Panama Canal to the Panamanian government, a decision that brought a swift end to his Senate career but which he stood by all his life, died July 16 at his home in Buies Creek, N.C. He was 90. The cause was complications from Alz-heimer’s disease, said his former Senate chief of staff, Carroll Leggett. Mr. Morgan practiced law and ascended the ranks of North Carolina politics before his election to the U.S. Senate in 1974. He served in the North Carolina state Senate, includ-ing a stint as president pro tempore, from 1955 to 1969 and later was state attorney gen-eral, developing a reputation as a hard- charging activist for consumer rights. In the U.S. Senate, he assumed the seat va-cated by retiring Sen. Sam J. Ervin Jr. (D), who was rocketed to national attention as chairman of the Senate committee that in-vestigated the Watergate scandal during the Nixon administration. Mr. Morgan accumulated a voting record that ‘‘defies ideological labels,’’ according to the Almanac of American Politics. He was liberal on some issues but conservative on others, and he gained his greatest promi-nence on the matter of the Panama Canal. The canal and surrounding area, a critical waterway that connects the Pacific and At-lantic oceans, had been controlled by the United States since 1903, an arrangement that by the 1970s had caused increasing fric-tion with the Panamanians President Jimmy Carter, elected in 1976, became persuaded that authority over the canal should reside with the Panamanian government. Opponents of his position re-garded any treaty to that effect as a ‘‘give-away.’’ Mr. Morgan was initially among those op-ponents. He changed his position after vis-iting Panama as a member of the Senate In-telligence Committee and meeting with the CIA contingent there and with Panamanian leaders. ‘‘Our relationship with Panama on the fu-ture of the canal is a festering sore and af-fects our relations not only with Latin America but with the rest of the world,’’ the News and Observer of Raleigh, N.C., quoted Mr. Morgan as saying in a 1977 speech. ‘‘Our global position as world leader and a moral standard bearer is seriously weakened by maintaining this vestige of colonialism.’’ Two treaties were hammered out, one es-tablishing the right of the U.S. military to defend the canal’s neutrality and the other giving control of the canal to Panama by 1999. Together, Mr. Morgan argued in comments reported by the Charlotte Observer, the trea-ties would ‘‘allow us to maintain our vital interests in that country while allowing the Panamanians the dignity and benefit of liv-ing on their own land a fact which we would surely insist upon in our part of the United States. It is just plain right to do so.’’ The treaties were signed in 1977 but faced withering opposition led in part by North Carolina’s senior senator, Jesse Helms (R). In 1978, the Senate ratified the treaties by a margin of 68 to 32—just one vote more than the minimum required. In 1980, Mr. Morgan was challenged by a relatively unknown law professor, Repub-lican John P. East, who attracted the sup-port of Helms’s political machine. In his campaign, East told voters that Mr. Morgan had ‘‘voted to give your Panama Canal away.’’ In one of many television ads targeting the Democrat, Helms asserted that ‘‘what we need is a real American in the Senate. A real Christian in the U.S. Senate.’’ ‘‘Nothing was said about me not being a real American or a real Christian,’’ Mr. Mor-gan told People magazine after his defeat, ‘‘but it was certainly obvious what Helms meant.’’ Mr. Morgan lost the race by roughly 10,000 votes. Robert Burren Morgan, a son of farmers, was born Oct. 5, 1925, in Lillington, N.C. He served in the Navy before receiving a bachelor’s degree from what is now East Carolina University in Greenville, N.C., in 1947 and a law degree from Wake Forest Uni-versity in North Carolina in 1950. He returned to the Navy to serve in the Ko-rean War and remained in the Navy Reserve until 1971, attaining the rank of lieutenant commander. He later served in the Air Force Reserve, retiring as a lieutenant colonel. In 1960, Mr. Morgan managed the unsuc-cessful gubernatorial campaign of I. Beverly Lake, a staunch segregationist, who lost his bid for the Democratic nomination to Terry Sanford, a more progressive politician who was elected governor that year. Lake had been Mr. Morgan’s professor at Wake Forest. After his Senate tenure, Mr. Morgan ran the North Carolina State Bureau of Inves-tigation and the North Carolina Center for Voter Education, an organization that worked on campaign finance issues. Mr. Morgan’s daughter Alice Jean Morgan died in 1967. Survivors include his wife of 55 years, the former Katie Earle Owen of Buies Creek; two daughters, Mary Morgan of Ra-leigh, N.C., and Margaret Morgan Holmes of Chapel Hill, N.C.; a foster son, Rupert Tart of Angier, N.C.; and five grandchildren. ‘‘I made a lot of decisions, and some cost me politically, cost me dearly,’’ Mr. Morgan told the Fayetteville (N.C.) Observer in 2012, looking back in particular on his votes on the Panama Canal treaties. ‘‘But they were decisions I made with a clear conscience.’’ f 
CONGRESSIONAL MEDAL CITATIONS Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the RECORD speeches that I had pre-viously given in Montana for four Con-gressional Medal citations. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CONGRESSIONAL MEDALS CITATION , ALEN C . 
STORM , JULY 15 , 2016, KALISPELL , MT Today I wish to honor Alen C. Storm, a resident of Kalispell, Montana, and deco-rated veteran of the Iraq war. Alen, on behalf of myself, my fellow Mon-tanans, and the United States of America, I would like to extend our deepest thanks for your service. Alen was born on January 8, 1987, in Walla Walla, Washington, to Robert Storm and Valadia (Val-ah-dee-ah) Hunt. He grew up as the youngest of seven chil-dren in Hermiston, Oregon, with three older brothers and three older sisters. His father was a logger, truck driver, and Army vet, just like Alen’s grandfather before him. Alen also looked up to his oldest brother, Michael, who was about 20 years Alen’s sen-ior. Michael was the first of the siblings to carry on the Storm’s legacy of service. As a 25-year army veteran, Michael served in Iraq, Afghanistan and Desert Storm. But the family’s desire to protect and de-fend didn’t end there. Alen has yet another brother, Trenton, who actually served in Iraq at the same time that Alen did, as well as a sister, Kathy, who is a 22-year Navy vet-eran. So this was the legacy Alen faced when he began weighing his options after graduation. He had been a track star in high school and was considering college, but his desire to protect and serve proved strong. He eventu-ally decided to follow in his family’s foot-steps, enlisting in the Army just four months out from graduation, on September 21, 2005. So he packed his bags and headed straight to Fort Sill, Oklahoma, for 18 weeks of basic training. He immediately distinguished him-self as a superior trainee, clocking one of the fastest times the base had ever seen in the standard two-mile run during PT. As a result of his stellar performance, he was recommended for airborne school at Fort Benning in Georgia. Here he would train to be a paratrooper, jumping out of planes and into enemy territory. But as fate would have it, Alen ended up at Fort Carson, Colorado, where he specialized in Field Artillery, a position affectionately referred to by his comrades as ‘‘the eyes of death.’’ This is because Field Artillery is one of the most dangerous and technical duty stations around, deploying ahead of ground forces to scope out enemy territory and relay their locales. Alen honed these skills for the next eight months—that is until he found out he was being deployed to Iraq. Alen set off from Fort Carson on October 13, 2006. He eventually touched down in Southern Baghdad, where he would be sta-tioned for the next 14 months. Alen spent the first two and half months of his deployment working out of the base, helping monitor mortar fire from head-quarters. It wasn’t until Christmas Day that his group endured its first casualty. Alen was tapped to replace the fallen soldier in the field, becoming the newest member of Baker Company. He was forced to learn quickly on the line, experiencing his first firefight on day one in the field. He was shot at and hunted down more times than he could count. But it was one fateful day that earned him his Purple Heart. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.053 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5249 September 6, 2016 
It had been about seven months since Alen arrived in Iraq, his squad was patrolling when their Humvee drove over an IED. The vehicle, along with the soldiers inside it, was thrown 10 feet in the air and shrapnel was ev-erywhere. Alen’s friend Tom, who was sitting directly behind him, tragically didn’t make it. Alen sustained significant shrapnel-related wounds and a severe concussion. He spent the next 48 hours in a coma back at the base, but amazingly, was back in the field about a week later. Finally, after 14 months on the front lines, Alen finally arrived back in the states on De-cember 23, 2007. He spent the next eight months back in Colorado, training to become a Biomedical Equipment Technician at Fort Carson. He then moved down to Shepperd Air Force Base in Texas, where he continued his train-ing and helped whip new enlistees into shape. After three years, Alen was medically dis-charged, but continued to work around the base. Two years ago, his sister—the Navy veteran who lives in Missoula—convinced him to move up to Kalispell, where he’d be closer to his son Justice. Here he met the love of his life, Katie, who he married just a few weeks ago today. They are expecting their first daughter, Ember Marie, in early September. I now have the profound honor of pre-senting Alen C. Storm with the Purple Heart Medal, Army Commendation Medal with 2 Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters, Army Achieve-ment Medal, Good Conduct Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Army Service Rib-bon, Overseas Service Ribbon, Global War on Terror Service, and Iraq Campaign Medal with 2 Bronze Service Stars. Alen, these medals serve as a small token of our country’s appreciation for your in-credible service and profound sacrifice. You are truly an American hero. Thank you so much for your service. 
CONGRESSIONAL MEDALS CITATION , RONALD  ‘‘
RON’’ SIMS, 8/17/16, BILLINGS , MT Today I wish to honor Ronald Sims, a life-long Montanan—born-and-raised—and a decorated veteran of Vietnam. Ron, on behalf of myself, my fellow Mon-tanans, and my fellow Americans, I would like to extend our deepest gratitude for your service to this nation. Ron was born on July 8, 1950, in Lewistown, Montana. He grew up just 50 miles east in the town of Winnett, where his father Claude worked as a pumper in the oil patch and his mother Helen was a hot-lunch cook. In addition to Ron, there was his older sis-ter, Lynne, and his two younger brothers, Mike and Max. After graduating from high school, Ron spent the summer of 1968 working with his father in the oil patch. However, his plans quickly changed after receiving a letter from the Army a few short months later. In January of 1969, Ron began basic and ad-vanced infantry training at Fort Lewis, Washington. And on June 22, he set off for Vietnam as a member of the 1st Infantry Di-vision. Ron quickly moved up the ranks, becoming a fully-fledged sniper by September. Later that month, Ron and his comrades were am-bushed while waiting for a convoy to pass. Ron engaged three enemy combatants and successfully subdued them, but not before one mustered the strength to fire an M1 gre-nade launcher at Ron and his truck. The grenade first hit the truck and then Ron’s leg, earning him a Purple Heart. Ron also earned a Bronze Star with Valor after capturing an enemy solider he found lying in wait near his unit’s base. Amazingly, the only long-term injuries Ron sustained during all his time overseas occurred when a landmine detonated under his tank, blowing him through the hatch and peppering his face with shrapnel laced with Agent Orange. After nine months of service in the 1st In-fantry Division, Ron reenlisted as a member of the 101st Airborne Division. He initially worked on mechanics, learning to service and fix Cobra assault helicopters. But his superiors quickly recognized a need for his unique combat abilities, and within a month Ron had become a Permanent Ser-geant of the Guard, in charge of twelve men along the bunker line. He continued in this position for another five months before finally returning to the states on October 13, 1970. Upon his return, Ron volunteered for Drill Instructor training in Fodor, California. He spent the next two and half years teach-ing new recruits basic rifle and quick kill marksmanship. Ron was honorably discharged from the army on December 12, 1972. He eventually joined the Local 1334 Labors Union in Missoula, and later, the Local 98 and 1686 Bricklayers Unions in Billings, where he served as President for two years. He also reconnected with his high school sweetheart, Janette. They raised a son, Robert, who now has two kids of his own—Emily and Zachary— with his loving wife Tori. I now have the profound honor of pre-senting Ron with his own set of military honors. For his courage and acts of valor in line of duty, Ronald Sims received the Marksman Badge & Auto Rifle Bar & Gre-nade Bar, Expert Badge & Rifle Bar, Repub-lic of Vietnam Campaign Ribbon with 1960 Device, Combat Infantryman 1st Award, Vietnam Service Medal & Bronze Star At-tachment (quadruple), National Defense Service Medal, Army Commendation Medal & Large Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster, Air Medal, Purple Heart Medal, and Bronze Star Medal. Ron, these medals serve as a small token of our country’s appreciation for your in-credible service and profound sacrifice. You are a true American hero. Thank you so much for your service. 
CONGRESSIONAL MEDALS CITATION , GORVAN LE  
DUC, 8/17/16, BILLINGS , MT Today I wish to honor Gorvan Le Duc, a longtime resident of Laurel, Montana, and decorated veteran of World War II. While Mr. Le Duc is no longer with us, his legacy lives on. I am proud to present his medals here today to his son, Gorvan, and his wife, Dorothy. On behalf of myself, my fellow Montanans, and my fellow Americans, I would like to ex-tend our deepest gratitude for your husband and father’s service to this nation. Gorvan was born on November 25, 1920 in Ontario, Canada. He lived in Port Severn with his mother Albertine and his father William, who built boats. As a result, Gorvan grew up with a love of sailing and a deep admiration for the sea. In fact, at age 16, Gorvan began sailing full time. He spent the next three years sailing the Great Lakes, before deciding to enlist in the Merchant Marines. This was June of 1939—the beginning of World War II—and Gorvan’s ship was tasked with delivering food and supplies from the states to U.S. troops in Britain. Each trek across the Atlantic could take anywhere from 17–23 days, and during the voyage Gorvan did everything from navi-gating to cleaning the pipes. Over the next four years Gorvan served this country dutifully amidst death and strife, but he always kept his sense of humor. That came in handy on September 25, 1943, when Gorvan’s ship, the SS Maiden Creek, was torpedoed by an enemy combatant. The blast blew Gorvan almost 200 feet in the air, off the deck, and into the Atlantic Ocean. He sustained 77 fractures throughout his legs and feet, a broken back and a severe concussion. This left him floating helplessly on the open sea. Eventually, a nearby British ship attempted a moving rescue, but Gorvan was too injured to grab onto the buoy. So after three failed attempts, a British sailor jumped into the ocean, swam out to Gorvan and dragged him back in. When the ship’s medic informed him that he had just passed out his last blanket and that the crew was fresh out of rum, Gorvan looked up at the medic and said ‘‘No blan-ket? No rum? I guess I won’t reup then.’’ Gorvan was eventually transported to an army hospital back in New York, where he settled down and started raising a family. But, in 1951, Gorvan went on a hunting trip to Laurel, Montana. He called his wife then and there, and told her to pack up the kids because he wasn’t coming back to New York. So the family moved out to Laurel, and that’s where they stayed. Gorvan was a proud father of four. His son, who is here with us today, was in-spired to go into the service like his father and is himself a veteran of Vietnam. Gorvan and his wife Dorothy were also married for almost 35 years before he passed away in February of last year. He is remembered as a master of all trades—a legendary shot, a prolific gardener, an expert Cribbage player and even a pilot. I now have the profound honor of pre-senting Gorvan and Dorothy with his medals. For his bravery in line of duty, Gorvan LeDuc received the Combat Bar with Bronze Service Star, Victory Medal, Mariners Medal, Merchant Marine Emblem, Honorable Service Button, and Mediterranean-Middle East War Zone Medal. These medals serve as a small token of our country’s appreciation for Gorvan’s incred-ible service and profound sacrifice. He is a true hero and we are eternally grateful for his service. 
CONGRESSIONAL MEDALS CITATION , THOMAS  
HUFF , 8/17/16, BILLINGS , MT Today I wish to honor Thomas Huff, a born-and-bred Montanan and decorated vet-eran of World War II. Tom, on behalf of myself, my fellow Mon-tanans, and my fellow Americans, I would like to extend our deepest gratitude for your service to this nation. Tom was born on July 20, 1922, in Moore, Montana, to George and Bertha Huff. He grew up in Moore with his three sis-ters—Geneva, June, and Olive—and his brother, George. He was just a few months shy of 21 when he was drafted in February of 1943. And less than five months later, he was de-ployed to the Pacific as a Combat Infantry-man in the Army’s 27th Division. His tour lasted two years, four months, and three days, and spanned three different is-lands. The first of which was Eniwetok—of the Marshall Islands—which his battalion suc-ceeded in capturing in February of 1944. The next was Saipan—of the North Mar-iana Islands—where Tom fought amidst the rugged jungle landscape. This combat zone was so intense that the soldiers dubbed it ‘‘Purple Heart Ridge,’’ but Tom fought his way through, ultimately 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.056 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5250 September 6, 2016 
helping the U.S. achieve an important stra-tegic victory in the Pacific. Finally, in March of 1945, Tom arrived in Okinawa as a hardened soldier and expert marksman. Here, Tom aided in the capture of pivotal Japanese territory, before contracting a mosquito-borne illness. Tom was transferred to Fort Lewis, Wash-ington, in September of 1945, spending a total of seven months in the hospital. Tom was honorably discharged from the Army on February 18, 1946. He eventually settled in Lewistown, Mon-tana, where he joined the police force and spent the last seven years of his 22-year ca-reer as Chief of Police. After retiring from the force at the age of 55, Tom went on to become a jeweler—in both Lewistown and then Billings—for the next 14 years. He married his wife, Georgia, just a few years ago at the age of 90. And he is the proud father of five children and a multitude of grandchildren. I now have the profound honor of pre-senting Tom with his own set of military honors. For his bravery in line of duty, Thomas Huff received the Marksman Badge with Car-bine Bar, Expert Badge with Rifle Badge, Honorable Service Lapel Button WWII, Com-bat Infantryman Badge 1st Award, World War II Victory Medal, Asiatic-Pacific Cam-paign Medal with Arrowhead, Good Conduct Medal, and Bronze Star Medal. Tom, these medals serve as a small token of our country’s appreciation for your in-credible service and profound sacrifice. You are a true American hero. Thank you so much for your service. f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL E. KUNZ Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wish to honor Mr. Michael E. Kunz for his 54 years of extraordinary service as Clerk of Court for the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. In 1962, Mr. Kunz was appointed as a deputy clerk following his graduation from Father Judge High School in Philadelphia and went on to receive both his bachelor of science degree and his master of business administration degree from St. Joseph’s University. Throughout his career, Mr. Kunz showed an unparalleled enthusiasm for innovation and a profound dedication to ensuring the accessibility of our jus-tice system for all Americans. I would like to take this time to reflect on his service and on the example he set for those who seek to serve their country. As one of the longest serving Federal court clerks in history, Mr. Kunz rep-resents the growth of the court admin-istrative infrastructure and the impor-tance of the clerk’s office in the oper-ations of the court. Mr. Kunz spent much of his career overseeing the ex-pansion of the Eastern District’s facili-ties in Allentown, Easton, Philadel-phia, and Reading to accommodate a larger Federal caseload and increased numbers of article III judges, mag-istrate judges, and court employees. He introduced innovations that allowed the court to do its work more effi-ciently and transparently than ever be-fore. He helped to pioneer 17 out of the 26 nationally supported automation systems in the Federal judiciary, as well as advances in electronic case fil-ing, docketing of cases, and fiscal man-agement. Mr. Kunz supervised the in-troduction of the electronic courtroom; at present, 22 courtrooms in the East-ern District have full electronic capa-bilities. To ensure accuracy of court records, he implemented digital audio recording systems in all courtrooms in the Eastern District. Such systems allow litigants and members of the public who may not be able to order an expensive transcript or travel to a courthouse to access judicial informa-tion in an affordable, timely manner. Mr. Kunz demonstrated his commit-ment to improving the courts and pre-serving their memories by serving on a number national committees and advi-sory boards. In 1989, Chief Justice Wil-liam H. Rehnquist appointed him to the Advisory Committee to the Board of the Federal Judicial Center con-cerning the development of programs relating to the history of the judicial branch. Mr. Kunz served on committees overseeing court statistics, the devel-opment of automatic case management systems, changes to the decentraliza-tion of the budget and to the Judicial Salary Plan, and is a founding member of the Historical Society for the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. In 1994, he received the Director’s Award from the Admin-istrative Office of the United States Courts, just one of many commenda-tions he received throughout his ca-reer. For over 50 years Mr. Kunz has stood for equality and efficiency in the jus-tice system and embodied the selfless character of a true public servant. On behalf of the Commonwealth of Penn-sylvania, I want to thank Mr. Michael E. Kunz for his decades of service and wish him the best for his retirement in the years ahead. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JANICE MITCHELL Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I wish to recognize the service of my staff member Janice Rankin Mitchell of Madison, MS, on the occasion of her re-tirement following a long and distin-guished career with the U.S. Senate as a constituent service representative. Janice joined the staff of U.S. Sen-ator John C. Stennis on January 15, 1978. She joined my staff in January 1985 following Senator Stennis’s retire-ment. Janice’s tenure as a Senate employee has been historic. Janice Mitchell is one of the longest serving staff mem-bers in Senate history and the only Af-rican-American woman to have worked for two Senators from Mississippi. Janice has been a steady and effec-tive presence in my Jackson, MS, field office, where she has directly served Mississippians in need of help with Medicare, Medicaid, and the Social Se-curity Administration. Janice is compassionate, caring, and proficient. She has exceeded her duty to help Mississippians navigate Federal programs and receive the benefits to which they are entitled. During her tenure in the Senate, Janice has man-aged nearly 5,000 constituent cases, more than 3,000 of which have been re-solved favorably. One constituent, Mr. Buddy Cooper of Florence, MS, wrote to me about Janice’s work on his behalf. He de-scribed her as ‘‘the person who reached out her hand and led us from darkness to light . . . who went from being a friend to part of the family.’’ Beyond her service to the Senate, Janice’s involvement in her commu-nity and church reflect her commit-ment to serve others. Janice is a faith-ful and devoted member of Cade Chapel Missionary Baptist Church. She has served in many ministries there, in-cluding the choir and the Sunday school, where she is currently in charge of all classes for teenagers. Janice and her husband of 37 years, Johnny Mitchell, have two children, Jonathan and Jasmine, and a grand-daughter, Ja’Lena, by Jonathan, and his wife, Santina. Janice’s parents, the late Reverend and Mrs. Nelvis Rankin, Sr., would be proud of their ‘‘baby daughter.’’ Retirement will be the end of Janice’s 38-year career with the Senate but will mark the beginning of many new opportunities for her and her fam-ily. Janice looks forward to travelling and spending time with her family in her favorite role as ‘‘Granny.’’ From myself and all of those who have worked with Janice, we say thank you for your years of service to Mis-sissippi and the United States. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR GENERAL AUGUSTUS L. COLLINS ∑Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, it is an honor to pay tribute today to MG Augustus L. Collins, the adjutant gen-eral of the Mississippi Army and Air National Guard. General Collins is re-tiring after a remarkable legacy of nearly 40 years of military service. Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant ap-pointed General Collins as adjutant general in 2012, and the readiness of Mississippi’s 12,275 citizen soldiers and airmen has thrived under General Collins’s strong leadership. The excel-lent organizational and command skills exercised by General Collins have ensured that Mississippi’s Na-tional Guard forces are equipped and trained to accomplish any mission, whether responding to natural disas-ters at home or deployed to combat zones overseas. General Collins enlisted in the Mis-sissippi Army National Guard in March 1977. Following his enlistment, he com-pleted State officer candidate school and was commissioned in July of 1980. As a commissioned officer, General Collins advanced quickly up the ranks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.056 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5251 September 6, 2016 
and continuously trusted with new lev-els of responsibility. General Collins’s leadership skills led to assignments in command and staff positions at every level, including company, battalion, regiment, brigade, and the adjutant general’s primary staff in both a tradi-tional and Active Guard Reserve sta-tus. General Collins’s record of military service also includes being called to Active Duty in Operation Desert Shield and Desert Storm and commanding the 155th Armored Brigade Combat Team during combat operations in Operation Iraqi Freedom from 2004 to 2006. The commitment, courage and sac-rifice demonstrated by General Collins is reflected in the many awards and decorations earned over his distin-guished career. These honors include, but are not limited to, the Legion of Merit, the Meritorious Service Medal, the Army Reserve Components Achievement Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, the Armed Forces Reserve Medal, and the Mis-sissippi Magnolia Cross. General Collins is a true patriot and one of the most respected leaders in Mississippi. His care and commitment for our citizen soldiers and their fami-lies is unwavering. On a personal level, I am grateful for the opportunity to work closely with General Collins. His strength of character, gracious pres-ence, and warm personality always make him a pleasure to be around. It is an honor to commend General Collins and to express appreciation to him for a job well done. The State of Mississippi and United States of Amer-ica are better because of you. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MEN AND WOMEN IN RADIO ∑Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, today I wish to commend the men and women who work in radio broadcasting and to thank the National Broadcasting Pro-fessionals Coalition of Radio and Music for ensuring all those working in this profession are properly recognized for their contributions to society. The leg-islature in my home State of Georgia passed a resolution during the 2016 leg-islative session recognizing an entire week of April as ‘‘Men and Women in Radio Broadcasting Week’’ in our State, proposed by Atlanta radio host Dee Hill. Today I particularly recognize the ‘‘Fabulous Five’’ women who were re-cently honored for their contributions at the Women in Radio reception in At-lanta, GA, hosted by Dee Hill Presen-tations and Annabella’s Foundation, Inc. I congratulate these women—Carol Blackmon, Regina Allen Slaughter, Michele Williams, Sylvia James, and Myrna Taylor-Ransom—who have marked outstanding professional achievements in their industry. These women and all those who work in radio broadcasting are the producers of radio shows, station managers, disc jockeys, radio hosts, and traffic report-ers. They are the pioneers of internet radio, blog talk radio, and podcasts. They are in front of the microphone and working behind the scenes to produce radio shows and keep radio stations on the air. We thank them all for their fine work to keep our Nation informed, to encourage debate, and to entertain us.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING THE SALT LAKE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE ∑Mr. LEE. Mr. President, my home State of Utah has long been one of the best kept secrets in America. But this is beginning to change. Utah is increas-ingly recognized as one of the best places in the world to live, study, work, raise a family, start a business, and build communities. In fact, many call Utah the next Silicon Valley, as the Beehive State is fast becoming one of the most popular destinations in America for venture-capital funding and pioneering businesses. Central to the success of our State’s business community is the Salt Lake Chamber of Commerce, Utah’s largest business association, with members in each of the State’s 29 counties, rep-resenting more than 8,000 businesses and nearly half the State’s workforce. For generations, the Salt Lake Chamber has played a pivotal role in building a strong and dynamic econ-omy across Utah, by supporting its members, forging collaborative and productive partnerships, and investing in local communities in every corner of the State. On June 8, 2016, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce recognized the Salt Lake Chamber’s record of success by award-ing it a five-star accreditation—a high-ly esteemed designation carried by only 204 of the approximately 7,000 chambers of commerce across the country. Receiving a five-star accredi-tation proves what many Utahns al-ready knew to be true: the Salt Lake Chamber embodies the enterprising and cooperative spirit of our State and our people. On behalf of the people of Utah, I congratulate the Salt Lake Chamber— and the thousands of Utah businesses and workers they support—for this well-deserved and impressive distinc-tion, and I thank the chamber’s staff, board, and volunteers for the out-standing work that the five-star ac-creditation represents.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. ROBERT WITT ∑Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, it is with great pleasure and the highest re-gards that I speak on the accomplish-ments of my valued constituent and friend, Dr. Robert Witt. On August 31, 2016, Dr. Witt retired after 4 years as chancellor of the University of Ala-bama System and 13 total years of service with the system. Dr. Witt served as the 26th president of the University of Alabama from 2003–2012, which were some of the most successful years in the history of the university. Indeed, I believe it will be difficult for any other president of the university to match his success. When Dr. Witt first arrived in Tuscaloosa, he pursued a strategy called for increasing enrollment, stimulating growth in re-search, supporting economic expansion in Alabama, raising faculty salaries, boosting financial aid, and expanding university facilities. And he accom-plished it all. Dr. Witt’s record of groundbreaking enrollment is unparalleled. In 2003, there were less than 20,000 students on campus. His plan called for increasing student enrollment to 28,000 by 2013. This goal was achieved much sooner, as the university enrolled 28,807 students in 2009. Throughout Dr. Witt’s tenure, the University of Alabama experienced explosive growth with phenomenal in-creases in enrollment of both instate and out-of-State students. The university had a record-breaking year in 2012, when 33,602 students reg-istered for classes. Each subsequent year brought another record student enrollment, and today the student pop-ulation exceeds 37,000. The Washington Post recently named the university as the fastest growing flagship university in the Nation after finding it has expe-rienced a stunning 92 percent rate of growth. The Post’s analysis acknowl-edged that the growth at the Univer-sity of Alabama has surpassed that of all the other growing Southeastern Conference universities. Even with this unprecedented and dramatic growth, academic quality and scholarship opportunities increased. This increase in student population was accompanied by new construction and renovations to campus buildings, such as new residence halls and dining facilities. Dr. Witt’s vision positioned the University of Alabama as one of the fastest growing public research in-stitutions in the Nation. Dr. Witt brilliantly created the uni-versity’s honors college in 2003. It has grown today to more than 6,500 stu-dents. The honors college is rooted in four pillars of the educational experi-ence: innovative scholarship, advanced research, civic engagement, and cul-tural interaction. It has been instru-mental in attracting the very top tier of academic talent from all over the Nation and the world to the school. The growth of the student population was complemented by the athletic suc-cess. After several trying years on the football field, Dr. Witt and his adminis-tration selected Nick Saban as the head football coach in 2007. Nine years and four national championships later, Coach Saban proved to be the best of his profession. Dr. Witt has stated that hiring Coach Saban was the best finan-cial investment that the university has ever made. Sports success increased en-thusiasm among the alumni, students, and prospective students. Dr. Witt used this excitement to further his goals. The university’s capital improvement campaign goal was exceeded by several 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.023 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5252 September 6, 2016 
millions of dollars. Bryant-Denny Sta-dium was also expanded from 84,000 to 101,821 seats. His capital campaigns were highly successful. High-quality construction increased the size, beauty, and utility of the campus. In 2003 when Dr. Witt began his career in Tuscaloosa, student enrollment was 20,333. The incoming freshman class that year was 3,075. Total enrollment has since grown to 37,100, and in 2015, the incoming fresh-men class had 7,211 students, all the while raising academic scores. During his tenure, Dr. Witt also con-tributed to the prestige of the Univer-sity of Alabama School of Law. The law school has been consistently ranked in the top tier of law schools and is currently ranked 28th of all law schools, State and private, in the Na-tion by US News. Dr. Witt’s success has continued over these last 4 years in his time as chan-cellor of the University of Alabama System. As chancellor, he oversaw three university campuses, with a budget exceeding $5 billion. In this po-sition, Dr. Witt endeavored to strengthen the system’s support for economic development. During this time, total enrollment and total fac-ulty continued to grow. Dr. Witt is chairman of the council of presidents of Alabama’s public colleges and universities. His other leadership activities include the Governor’s Col-lege & Career Ready Task Force; the American Cast Iron Pipe Company Board of Directors; the Alexis deTocqueville Executive Committee; and the Advisory Board, Elizabeth Project Care Board. He is past chair-man of the Chamber of Commerce of West Alabama, a past member of the Tuscaloosa County IDA Board, and the Black Warrior Council Boy Scouts of America. In 2011, he was inducted into to the Alabama Academy of Honor, which is comprised of 100 living Ala-bamians elected on the basis of service to the State. On June 15, 2016, he was honored with a bronze statue on the Tuscaloosa cam-pus’s Presidential Village. Addition-ally, the dorms on the north side of campus and the activity center will be named in his honor. Upon his retire-ment, Dr. Witt plans to take a year-long sabbatical before returning to the university to teach at his honors col-lege. In light of these and all of his many accomplishments, I want to congratu-late Dr. Witt on his outstanding career and to wish him the very best in his next endeavor. Dr. Witt’s record of positive leadership at the University of Alabama must be recognized as perhaps the most successful in Alabama’s his-tory. Words fail to fully capture the enormity of his achievement. A fine, respected, and solid State university has been transformed. On behalf of the people of Alabama, let me express my appreciation.∑ RECOGNIZING THE DELTA WORK READY ACADEMY ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, the Mis-sissippi River Delta region is one of the poorest areas in the country, with vast economic development, education, and workforce training needs. Many people are struggling to maximize their pro-fessional potential and earning power due to a lack of resources and job op-portunities. However, one community leader has dedicated himself to helping younger generations of Americans achieve success through a new, innova-tive education program designed to help them become productive members of the workforce. I would like to recog-nize Reverend James Smith and the Delta Work Ready Academy for their exemplary efforts to enrich commu-nities through workforce training. As a former truancy officer for Rich-land Parish schools, Reverend James Smith of Rayville, LA, was inspired to create Delta Work Ready Academy to help young Louisianians who need a second chance reach new levels of eco-nomic prosperity and professional ex-cellence. Students participating in the program are often the ones who are barely passing or have dropped out of high school, and who are most in need of help. Through his experience, Rev-erend Smith has seen firsthand how teaching these young adults skills they need to succeed can break the cycle of poverty that has plagued many rural communities for decades. The Delta Work Ready Academy al-lows students age 14 to 21 to gain useful and in-demand skills, such as car-pentry and electrical training, in addi-tion to ‘‘soft skills’’ like workplace be-havior, punctuality, and teamwork. Students are paid minimum wage for the time it takes to complete the pro-gram and finish with an industry-based certification that will allow them to move into a high-paying job. Since the founding of the program, many compa-nies have partnered with the Delta Work Ready Academy to bring young and energetic students into the work-force. I am confident that programs like Delta Work Ready Academy will help bridge the gap between Louisi-ana’s rapid economic expansion and its struggle to provide the necessary num-ber of skilled workers. I appreciate and applaud the hard work and achievements of Reverand Smith and the Delta Work Ready Acad-emy, and I would like to thank all of the folks who sacrifice their time to impact the lives of young Louisianians. I look forward to its continued growth and success.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on July 19, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ESSER ) has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 764. An act to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. S. 2893. An act to reauthorize the sound re-cording and film preservation programs of the Library of Congress, and for other pur-poses. S. 3055. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide a dental insurance plan to veterans and survivors and depend-ents of veterans. S. 3207. An act to authorize the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped to provide playback equipment in all formats. H.R. 2607. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7802 37th Avenue in Jackson Heights, New York, as the ‘‘Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3700. An act to provide housing oppor-tunities in the United States through mod-ernization of various housing programs, and for other purposes. H.R. 3931. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 620 Central Avenue Suite 1A in Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office’’. H.R. 3953. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4122 Madison Street, Elfers, Florida, as the ‘‘Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office’’. H.R. 4010. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 522 North Central Avenue in Phoenix, Ari-zona, as the ‘‘Ed Pastor Post Office’’. H.R. 4425. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office’’. H.R. 4747. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6691 Church Street in Riverdale, Georgia, as the ‘‘Major Gregory E. Barney Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4761. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 61 South Baldwin Avenue in Sierra Madre, California, as the ‘‘Louis Van Iersel Post Of-fice’’. H.R. 4777. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1301 Alabama Avenue in Selma, Alabama as the ‘‘Amelia Boynton Robinson Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 4877. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, as the ‘‘LCpl Garrett W. Gam-ble, USMC Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4904. An act to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.031 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5253 September 6, 2016 
issue a directive on the management of soft-ware licenses, and for other purposes. H.R. 4925. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 229 West Main Cross Street, in Findlay, Ohio, as the ‘‘Michael Garver Oxley Memo-rial Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4975. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5720 South 142nd Street in Omaha, Ne-braska, as the ‘‘Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nelson Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4987. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William ‘Kelly’ Lacey Post Office’’. H.R. 5028. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10721 E Jefferson Ave in Detroit, Michi-gan, as the ‘‘Mary E. McCoy Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5722. An act to establish the John F. Kennedy Centennial Commission. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bills were signed on July 19, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. CRAPO). Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on July 25, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the House has agreed to the following con-current resolution: 
S. Con. Res. 50. Concurrent resolution pro-viding for an adjournment of the House of Representatives. 
The message further announced that pursuant to section 409(b) of the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management and Eco-nomic Stability Act (PROMESA), the Minority Leader appoints the following Members to the Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico: Representative N
YDIA VELA´ZQUEZ  of New York and Representative P
EDRO  P
IERLUISI , Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico. The message also announced that pursuant to section 409(b) of the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management and Eco-nomic Stability Act, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Mem-bers to the Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico: Mr. D
UFFY of Wisconsin and Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR of New Jersey. The message further announced that pursuant to section 409(d) of the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management and Eco-nomic Stability Act, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker designates the following mem-ber of the Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico as its Chair: Mr. H
ATCH of Utah. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 5538. An act making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environ-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses. f MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 5538. An act making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environ-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
H.R. 3231. To amend title 5, United States Code, to protect unpaid interns in the Fed-eral Government from workplace harassment and discrimination, and for other purposes. f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on July 19, 2016, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 764. An act to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. S. 2893. An act to reauthorize the sound re-cording and film preservation programs of the Library of Congress, and for other pur-poses. S. 3055. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide a dental insurance plan to veterans and survivors and depend-ents of veterans. S. 3207. An act to authorize the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped to provide playback equipment in all formats. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–6196. A communication from the United States Trade Representative, Executive Of-fice of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a draft Statement of Administrative Action and a copy of the final legal text of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) Agree-ment; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6197. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a notification of the Presi-dent’s intent to exempt all military per-sonnel accounts from sequestration for fiscal year 2017, if a sequestration is necessary; to the Committees on Appropriations; Armed Services; and the Budget. EC–6198. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Mid-Ses-sion Review of the Budget of the U.S. Gov-ernment for Fiscal Year 2017’’; to the Com-mittees on Appropriations; and the Budget. EC–6199. A communication from the Direc-tor for Legislative Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties semiannual report for the first and second quarters of fiscal year 2016; to the Committees on the Judici-ary; Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs; and Select Committee on Intel-ligence. EC–6200. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Exam-ining Oversight of the Privacy & Security of Health Data Collected by Entities Not Regu-lated by HIPAA’’; to the Committees on Fi-nance; Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions; and Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6201. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Review Group, Com-modity Credit Corporation, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rural Housing Service, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service Agency’’ (RIN0560–AH02) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6202. A communication from the Man-agement Analyst, Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards Administration, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Reauthor-ization of the United States Grain Standards Act’’ (RIN0580–AB24) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6203. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Raisins Produced From Grapes Grown in California; Order Amending Marketing Order 989’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–14–0069) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–6204. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Olives Grown in California; Suspension and Revi-sion of Incoming Size-Grade Requirements’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–16–0031) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–6205. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Grapes Grown in a Designated Area of Southeastern California; Order Amending Marketing Order 925’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–14–0049) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6206. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Issuances Staff, Food Safety and Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Electronic Export Application and Certification Charge; Flexi-bility in the Requirements for Export Inspec-tion Marks, Devices, and Certificates; Egg Products Export Certification’’ (RIN0583– AD41) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 13, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–6207. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Issuances Staff, Food Safety and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.016 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5254 September 6, 2016 
Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Eligibility of Na-mibia To Export Meat Products to the United States’’ (RIN0583–AD51) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–6208. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Issuances Staff, Food Safety and Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Requirements for the Disposition of Non-Ambulatory Disabled Veal Calves’’ (RIN0583–AD54) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6209. A communication from the Asso-ciate Director for Operations, National Insti-tute of Food and Agriculture, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Agriculture and Food Research Initiative Competitive Federal Grants Program—General Adminis-tration Provisions’’ (RIN0524–AA67) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–6210. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Or-ganization and Functions; Releasing Infor-mation; Privacy Act Regulations; Enforce-ment of Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Handicap in Programs or Activities Con-ducted by the Farm Credit Administration’’ (RIN3052–AD17) received in the Office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6211. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Margin and Capital Requirements for Cov-ered Swap Entities’’ (RIN3052–AC69) received in the Office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6212. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation Governance; Standards of Conduct; Risk Management; and Disclosure and Reporting’’ (RIN3052–AC89) received in the Office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6213. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Cloquintocet-mexyl; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9947–78) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6214. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Etoxazole; Pesticide Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9948–73) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6215. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘2-Propenoic acid, butyl ester, poly-mer with ethenyl acetate and sodium ethenesulfonate; Tolerance Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9948–64) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 19, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6216. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Cyprodinil; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9948–28) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 19, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6217. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Isaria fumosorosea strain FE 9901; Exemption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance’’ (FRL No. 9945–41) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6218. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Aminocyclopyrachlor; Pesticide Tol-erances’’ (FRL No. 9944–48) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–6219. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Halauxifen-methyl; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9946–30) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6220. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘n-Butyl 3-hydroxybutyrate and Iso-propyl 3-hydroxybutyrate; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9949–49) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6221. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Flumioxazin; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9949–21) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 11, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6222. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Flumioxazin; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9949–21–OCSPP) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 11, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6223. A communication from the Sec-retary of Agriculture, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to annual per-mit fees and the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the report; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6224. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tuber-culosis in Cattle and Bison; State and Zone Designations; California’’ (Docket No. APHIS–2016–0052) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6225. A communication from the Chief of the Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch, Food and Nutrition Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Na-tional School Lunch Program and School Breakfast Program: Eliminating Applica-tions Through Community Eligibility as Re-quired by the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010’’ (RIN0584–AE16) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6226. A communication from the Chief of the Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch, Food and Nutrition Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Na-tional School Lunch Program and School Breakfast Program: Nutrition Standards for All Foods Sold in School as Required by the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010’’ (RIN0584–AE09) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–6227. A communication from the Chief of the Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch, Food and Nutrition Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Admin-istrative Reviews in the School Nutrition Programs’’ (RIN0584–AE30) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–6228. A communication from the Chief of the Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch, Food and Nutrition Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Local School Wellness Policy Implementation Under the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010’’ (RIN0584–AE25) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6229. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Margin and Capital Requirements for Cov-ered Swap Entities’’ (RIN3064–AE21) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6230. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Poultry Improvement Plan and Auxiliary Provisions’’ ((RIN0579–AE16) (Docket No. APHIS–2014–0101)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 12, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6231. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary of Defense (Counter-narcotics and Global Threats), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to Depart-ment of Defense counternarcotics support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.027 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5255 September 6, 2016 
activities (OSS–2016–0919); to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6232. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the quarterly exception Selected Acquisition Reports (SARs) as of June 30, 2016 (OSS–2016–1056); to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6233. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Public Affairs Liaison with Industry’’ (RIN0790–AI94) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6234. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of General John M. Paxton, Jr., United States Marine Corps, and his advancement to the grade of general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6235. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Lieutenant General John A. Toolan, Jr., United States Marine Corps, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6236. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Lieutenant General Perry L. Wiggins, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6237. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Lieutenant General John F. Mulholland, Jr., United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6238. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Update to the Report on Efficient Utilization of Depart-ment of Defense Real Property’’; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–6239. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Operational Energy Budget Certification Report’’; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–6240. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Defense Environmental Pro-grams Annual Report for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6241. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of an of-ficer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6242. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of twelve (12) officers authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general in accord-ance with title 10, United States Code, sec-tion 777; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–6243. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Detection and Avoidance of Counterfeit Electronic Parts-Further Im-plementation’’ ((RIN0750–AI58) (DFARS Case 2014–D005)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–6244. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: New Qualifying Countries- Japan and Slovenia’’ ((RIN0750–AI97) (DFARS Case 2016–D023)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6245. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the con-tinuation of a national emergency declared in Executive Order 13222 with respect to the lapse of the Export Administration Act of 1979; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6246. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13441 with re-spect to Lebanon; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6247. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the con-tinuation of the national emergency with re-spect to significant transnational criminal organizations that was established in Execu-tive Order 13581 on July 24, 2011; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–6248. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Division of Trading and Mar-kets, Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulation SBSR—Report-ing and Dissemination of Security-Based Swap Information’’ (RIN3235–AL71) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6249. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Defense Pro-duction Act Annual Fund Report for Fiscal Year 2015’’; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6250. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Updated Statements of Legal Authority for the Ex-port Administration Regulations’’ (RIN0694– AG99) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 13, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–6251. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary for Export Adminis-tration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment to the Export Administration Regulations to Add Targets for the Produc-tion of Tritium and Related Development and Production Technology to the List of 0Y521 Series’’ (RIN0694–AG90) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6252. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Com-merce Control List: Addition of Items Deter-mined to No Longer Warrant Control Under United States Munitions List Category XIV (Toxicological Agents) or Category XVIII (Directed Energy Weapons)’’ (RIN0694–AF52) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6253. A communication from the Chair of the Board of Governors, Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on the Presidential $1 Dollar Coin Program’’; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6254. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to ter-rorists who threaten to disrupt the Middle East peace process that was declared in Ex-ecutive Order 12947 of January 23, 1995; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6255. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Libya that was originally declared in Execu-tive Order 13566 of February 25, 2011; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6256. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency declared in Execu-tive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001, with respect to persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–6257. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the continuation of the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13396 on February 7, 2006, with respect to Cote d’Ivoire; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6258. A communication from the Dep-uty Secretary, Office of the General Counsel, Securities and Exchange Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendments to the Commission’s Rules of Practice’’ (RIN3235–AL87) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6259. A communication from the Comp-troller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 2015 Annual Report on Preservation and Pro-motion of Minority-Owned National Banks and Federal Savings Associations; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6260. A communication from the Pro-gram Specialist of the Legislative and Regu-latory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rules of Prac-tice and Procedure; Rules of Practice and Procedure in Adjudicatory Proceedings; Civil Money Penalty Inflation Adjustments’’ (RIN1557–AE04) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–6261. A communication from the Regu-latory Specialist of the Legislative and Reg-ulatory Activities Division, Office of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.028 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5256 September 6, 2016 
Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Appraisals for Higher-Priced Mortgage Loans Exemption Threshold’’ (RIN7100–AD99) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6262. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility; Maine: Bald Island, Hancock County’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2016–0002)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 10, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6263. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Flood Elevation Deter-minations; Onondaga County, New York’’ (Docket No. FEMA–2016–0002) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6264. A communication from the Regu-latory Liaison, Office of Natural Resources Revenue, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consolidated Federal Oil & Gas and Federal & Indian Coal Valuation Reform’’ (RIN1012–AA13) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 13, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–6265. A communication from the Regu-latory Liaison, Office of Natural Resources Revenue, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendments to Civil Penalty Reg-ulations’’ (RIN1012–AA05) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–6266. A communication from the Sec-retary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘DOE Procedures to Enhance Emergency Preparedness for Nat-ural Disasters’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–6267. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief of the National Forest System, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the final map and boundary for the Skagit Wild and Scenic River, added to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–6268. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Final Coverage De-termination; Test Procedures for Miscella-neous Refrigeration Products’’ ((RIN1904– AD44; RIN1904–AC66; and RIN1904–AC51) (Docket No. EERE–2013–BT–TP–0029 and Docket No. EERE–2011–BT–DET–0072)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–6269. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Enforcement of Re-gional Standards for Central Air Condi-tioners’’ ((RIN1904–AC68) (Docket No. EERE– 2011–BT–CE–0077)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–6270. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Ceiling Fans’’ ((RIN1904–AD10) (Docket No. EERE–2013–BT–TP–0050)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–6271. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Monetary Penalty Inflation Adjustments’’ (Docket No. RM16–16–000) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–6272. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Requirements for Frequency and Voltage Ride Through Ca-pability of Small Generating Facilities’’ (Docket No. RM16–8–000) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–6273. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revised Crit-ical Infrastructure Protection Reliability Standards’’ (Docket No. RM15–14–002) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–6274. A communication from the Sec-retary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report on Uncosted Balances for Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2014’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–6275. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Acquisition Regu-lation: Technical and Administrative Changes to Department of Energy Acquisi-tion Regulation’’ (RIN1991–AC00) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–6276. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Measurement and Reporting of Con-densable Particulate Matter Emissions’’ (FRL No. 9949–94–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–6277. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Florida; Regional Haze Progress Report’’ (FRL No. 9950–01–Re-gion 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6278. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Promulgation of State Implementa-tion Plan Revisions; Infrastructure Require-ments for the 2008 Lead, 2008 Ozone, 2010 NO2, 2010 SO2, and 2012 PM2.5 National Abient Air Quality Standards; Utah’’ (FRL No. 9949–99– Region 8) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6279. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Aerospace Manufacturing and Rework Fa-cilities Risk and Technology Review; Clari-fication’’ (FRL No. 9950–10–OAR) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6280. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; VT; Prevention of Significant Deterioration, Nonattainment and Minor Source Review’’ (FRL No. 9950–03– Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6281. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Hazardous and Solid Waste Manage-ment System: Disposal of Coal Combustion Residues from Electric Utilities; Compliance Timeframes Extension for Certain Inactive Surface Impoundments; Response to Partial Vacatur’’ (FRL No. 9949–44–OLEM) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6282. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Amendments to Regional Consist-ency Regulations’’ (FRL No. 9949–79–OAR) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–6283. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, Modoc County Air Pollution Control District, Permit Programs’’ (FRL No. 9948– 26–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6284. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, Placer County Air Pollution Control District and Ventura County Air Pollution Control District’’ (FRL No. 9948–10–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6285. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.028 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5257 September 6, 2016 
Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to California State Imple-mentation Plan; Bay Area Air Quality Man-agement District; Stationary Source Per-mits’’ (FRL No. 9947–70–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6286. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Quality: Revision to the Regu-latory Definition of Volatile Organic Com-pounds—Exclusion of 1,1,2,2-Tetrafluoro-1- (2,2,2-trifluoroethoxy) ethane (HFE–347pcf2)’’ (FRL No. 9949–77–OAR) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6287. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Reasonable Further Progress Plan, Contin-gency Measures, Motor Vehicle Emissions Budgets for the Baltimore 1997 8-Hour Ozone Serious Nonattainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9949– 70–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6288. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Control of Volatile Organic Compounds Emissions from Fiberglass Boat Manufac-turing Materials’’ (FRL No. 9949–72–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6289. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Maine: Preven-tion of Significant Deterioration; PM2.5’’ (FRL No. 9949–58–Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–6290. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Missouri’s Air Quality Implementation Plans; Regional Haze State Implementation Plan Revision and 2013 Five- Year Progress Report’’ (FRL No. 9949–68–Re-gion 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6291. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances; Withdrawal’’ (FRL No. 9948–81) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 13, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6292. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Extension of the Attainment Date for the Oakridge, Oregon 24-hour PM2.5 Non-attainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9949–18–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 13, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6293. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plan revisions to Permits, Rules and Approval Orders; Utah’’ (FRL No. 9948–89–Region 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 13, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6294. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Louisiana; Permitting of Greenhouse Gases’’ (FRL No. 9949–09–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 13, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6295. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Finding of Failure to Submit a State Implementation Plan; Maryland; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2008 8-Hour National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone’’ (FRL No. 9949–34–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6296. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, El Dorado County Air Quality Man-agement District’’ (FRL No. 9948–08–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6297. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Determination of Attainment of the 1-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard in the San Joaquin Valley Non-attainment Area in California’’ (FRL No. 9949–07–Region 9) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6298. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Kan-sas; 2015 Kansas State Implementation Plan for the 2008 Lead Standard’’ (FRL No. 9949– 13–Region 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6299. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; RI; Correction, Administrative and Miscellaneous Revi-sions’’ (FRL No. 9949–32–Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6300. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Availability of Certain North American Electric Reliability Corporation Databases to the Commission’’ (Docket No. RM15–25–000) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–6301. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Oregon; Medford Area Carbon Monoxide Second 10-Year Main-tenance Plan’’ (FRL No. 9949–00–Region 10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6302. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Limited Approval, Limited Dis-approval of California Air Plan Revisions, Eastern Kern Air Pollution Control District’’ (FRL No. 9947–69–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–6303. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; RI; Regional Haze Five Year Progress Report’’ (FRL No. 9949– 17–Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6304. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Extension of Deadline for Action on the Section 126 Petition From Connecticut’’ (FRL No. 9949–42–OAR) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6305. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Clean Data Determination for 1997 PM2.5 Standards; California—South Coast; Applicability of Clean Air Act Require-ments’’ (FRL No. 9949–47–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6306. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants for the Portland Ce-ment Manufacturing Industry’’ ((RIN2060– AS98) (FRL No. 9949–46–OAR)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6307. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Hazardous Chemical Reporting: Com-munity Right-to-Know; Revisions to Hazard Categories and Minor Corrections; Correc-tion’’ ((RIN2050–AG85) (FRL No. 9949–05– OLEM)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.029 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5258 September 6, 2016 
EC–6308. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, Mojave Desert Air Quality Manage-ment District, Riverside County Air Pollu-tion Control District, and San Bernardino County Air Pollution Control District’’ (FRL No. 9949–24–Region 9) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6309. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Louisiana; Revisions to the New Source Review State Implementation Plan; Air Permit Procedure Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9950–18–Region 6) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 2, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6310. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Arkansas: Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Pro-gram Revision’’ (FRL No. 9950–13–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 2, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6311. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Finding that Greenhouse Gas Emis-sions from Aircraft Cause or Contribute to Air Pollution that May Reasonably Be An-ticipated to Endanger Public Health and Welfare’’ ((RIN2060–AS31) (FRL No. 9950–15– OAR)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 2, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6312. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Vir-ginia; Prevention of Significant Deteriora-tion and Approval of Infrastructure State Implementation Plans for Specific National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9950–29–Region 3) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 2, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6313. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Allocations of Cross-State Air Pollu-tion Rule Allowances from New Unit Set- Asides for the 2016 Compliance Year’’ (FRL No. 9949–93–OAR) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 2, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6314. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; DC; Infrastruc-ture Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9950–73–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 11, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6315. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; South Carolina; Prong 4–2008 Ozone, 2010 NO2, SO2, and 2012 PM2.5’’ (FRL No. 9950–82–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 11, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6316. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Control of Volatile Organic Compound Emissions from Fiberglass Boat Manufac-turing Materials’’ (FRL No. 9950–69–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 11, 2016; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–6317. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Case-by-Case Reasonably Available Control Technology for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS)’’ (FRL No. 9950–71–Region 3) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 11, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6318. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; State of Iowa; Infrastruc-ture State Implementation Plan (SIP) Re-quirements for the 1997 and 2006 Fine Partic-ulate Matter (PM2.5) National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS), and the Adop-tion of the 1997 PM2.5 Standard’’ (FRL No. 9950–65–Region 7) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 11, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6319. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Alabama: Volatile Organic Compounds’’ (FRL No. 9949–65–Re-gion 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6320. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Participation by Disadvantaged Busi-ness Enterprises in Procurement Under EPA Financial Assistance Agreements’’ ((RIN2090–AA40) (FRL No. 9946–27–OA)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–6321. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Emission Guidelines and Compliance Times for Municipal Solid Waste Landfills’’ ((RIN2060–AS23) (FRL No. 9949–55–OAR)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–6322. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Standards of Performance for Munic-ipal Solid Waste Landfills’’ ((RIN2060–AM08) (FRL No. 9949–51–Region OAR)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6323. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan, Sacramento Metropoli-tan Air Quality Management District’’ (FRL No. 9948–11–Region 9) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6324. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; California; San Joaquin Valley; Revisions to Motor Vehicle Emis-sions Budgets for Ozone and Particulate Matter’’ (FRL No. 9949–84–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6325. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Technical Amendments to Perform-ance Specification 18 and Procedure 6’’ (FRL No. 9950–26–OAR) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6326. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan; San Joaquin Valley; Demonstration of Creditable Emission Re-ductions from Economic Incentive Pro-grams’’ (FRL No. 9950–19–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6327. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Iowa’s Air Quality Imple-mentation Plans; Regional Haze State Im-plementation Plan Revision and 2013 Five- Year Progress Report’’ (FRL No. 9949–82–Re-gion 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6328. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Louisiana; Interstate Transport of Air Pollution for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9950–49–Region 6) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–6329. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.030 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5259 September 6, 2016 
Quality Implementation Plans; Texas; Inter-state Transport of Air Pollution for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ards’’ (FRL No. 9950–50–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6330. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; NH; Control of Volatile Organic Compound Emissions from Minor Core Activities’’ (FRL No. 9950–60–Re-gion 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6331. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Wisconsin; Approval/Disapproval of Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2008 Ozone NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9950–54–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6332. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Indiana; Abengoa Bioenergy of Indiana, Commissioner’s Order’’ (FRL No. 9950–52–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6333. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Technical Correction to Equation 2 in Appendix N’’ ((RIN2060–AS89) (FRL No. 9950– 48–OAR)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6334. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Idaho: Stationary Source Permitting Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9950–58–Re-gion 10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6335. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fine Particulate Matter National Ambient Air Quality Standards: State Imple-mentation Plan Requirements’’ ((RIN2060– AQ48) (FRL No. 9946–36–OAR)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6336. A communication from the Direc-tor, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2014 Report to Congress on the Recovery of Threatened and Endangered Species’’ and the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the report; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6337. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants: Final Listing Determination on the Proposal To List the Nassau Grouper as Threatened Under the Endangered Species Act’’ (RIN0648–XA984) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6338. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Listing Three Angelshark Species as Endangered Under the Endangered Species Act’’ (RIN0648–XD940) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6339. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the South San Francisco Bay Shore-line project in Santa Clara County, Cali-fornia; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6340. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Swope Park Industrial Area, Blue River, Missouri project; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6341. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Comprehensive Everglades Res-toration Plan: Picayune Strand Restoration project; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6342. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Reactor Regulation, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Guid-ance for Closure of Activities Related to Rec-ommendation 2.1, Flooding Hazard Reevalua-tion’’ (NRC–2016–0084) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 11, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6343. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Re-search, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Guidance on Making Changes to Emergency Plans for Nuclear Power Reactors’’ (Regulatory Guide 1.219, Revision 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6344. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Gen-eral Counsel, Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Update to Transcript Correction Procedures’’ ((RIN3150–AJ76) (NRC–2016–0117)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6345. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of En-forcement, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘NRC Enforcement Policy’’ received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6346. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Material Safety and Safeguards, Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consolidated Guidance About Materials Li-censes: Program-Specific Guidance About Master Materials Licenses’’ (NUREG–1556, Volume 10, Revision 1) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6347. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Material Safety and Safeguards, Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consolidated Guidance About Materials Li-censes: Guidance for Agreement State Li-censes About NRC Form 241 ’Report of Pro-posed Activities in Non-Agreement States, Areas of Exclusive Federal Jurisdiction, or Offshore Waters’ and Guidance for NRC Li-censees Proposing to Work in Agreement State Jurisdiction (Reciprocity)’’ (NUREG– 1556, Volume 19, Revision 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–6348. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Material Safety and Safeguards, Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consolidated Guidance About Materials Li-censes: Program-Specific Guidance About Portable Gauge Licenses’’ (NUREG–1556, Vol-ume 1, Revision 2) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6349. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Material Safety and Safeguards, Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consolidated Guidance About Materials Li-censes: Guidance About Changes of Control and About Bankruptcy Involving Byproduct, Source, or Special Nuclear Materials Li-censes’’ (NUREG–1556, Volume 15, Revision 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6350. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Material Safety and Safeguards, Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consolidated Guidance About Materials Li-censes: Program-Specific Guidance About Fixed Gauge Licenses’’ (NUREG–1556, Vol-ume 4, Revision 1) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6351. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Employment and Training, Department of Labor, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal-State Unemployment Compensa-tion Program; Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 Provision on Estab-lishing Appropriate Occupations for Drug Testing of Unemployment Compensation Ap-plicants’’ (RIN1205–AB63) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6352. A communication from the Chair-man of the United States International Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Year in Trade 2015’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6353. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.030 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5260 September 6, 2016 
Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Requirement to Notify the IRS of Intent to Operate as a Sec-tion 501(c) (4) Organization’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016– 41) received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–6354. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Requirement to Notify the IRS to Operate as a Section 501(c) (4) Organization; Final and Temporary Regu-lations’’ ((RIN1545–BN26) (TD 9775)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6355. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Method of Account-ing for Gains and Losses on Shares in Money Market Funds; Broker Returns with Respect to Sales of Shares in Money Market Funds’’ ((RIN1545–BM04) (TD 9774)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6356. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Examination of Re-turns and Claims for Refund, Credit or Abatement; Determination of a Tax Liabil-ity’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016–40) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6357. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Participation of a Person Described in Section 6103(n) in a Summons Interview Under Section 7602(a) (2) of the Internal Revenue Code’’ ((RIN1545– BM24) (TD 9778)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6358. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2016 Marginal Pro-duction Rates’’ (Notice 2016–45) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6359. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2016 Section 43 In-flation Adjustment’’ (Notice 2016–44) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6360. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applicable Federal Rates - August 2016’’ (Rev. Rul. 2016–18) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6361. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tax Treatment of Payments Made on Behalf of or Reimburse-ments Received by Residents Affected by the Southern California Gas Company Natural Gas Leak’’ (Announcement 2016–25) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6362. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Arbitrage Guidance for Tax-Exempt Bonds’’ ((RIN1545–BG41 and RIN1545–BH38) (TD 9777)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6363. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Property Trans-ferred in Connection with the Performance of Services’’ ((RIN1545–BM63) (TD9779)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 2, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6364. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Guidance under Section 108(a) Concerning the Exclusion of Section 61(a) (12) Discharge of Indebtedness Income of a Grantor Trust or a Disregarded Entity’’ ((RIN1545–BJ14) (TD9771)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 2, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6365. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Recapitalization Into ’Control’ and Unwind - Section 355(a)’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016–40) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 2, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6366. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Income Inclusion When Lessee Treated as Having Acquired In-vestment Credit Property’’ ((RIN1545–BM74) (TD9776)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 2, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6367. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2015 Section 45K(d) (2) (C) Reference Price’’ (Notice 2016–43) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6368. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary (Domestic Finance), Department of the Treasury, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6369. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant Secretary (Financial Stability), Depart-ment of the Treasury, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6370. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Mem-ber, IRS Oversight Board, Department of the Treasury, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–6371. A communication from the Chief of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Bureau of Customs and Border Pro-tection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Import Restrictions Imposed on Archaeological and Ethnological Material of Syria’’ (RIN1515–AE14) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 12, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6372. A communication from the Acting Commissioner, Social Security Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Ad-ministration’s 2016 Annual Report of the Supplemental Security Income Program; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6373. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a notification of the designa-tion of David S. Johanson as Vice Chair of the United States International Trade Com-mission for the term expiring June 16, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6374. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fraud and Abuse Laws Regarding Gainsharing or Similar Arrangements between Physicians and Hospital’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6375. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on the Medicare and Medicaid Integrity Programs’’ for fiscal years 2013 and 2014; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–6376. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on the Administration, Cost and Impact of the Quality Improvement Organi-zation (QIO) Program for Medicare Bene-ficiaries for Fiscal Year (FY) 2014’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6377. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; FY 2017 Hospice Wage Index and Payment Rate Update and Hospice Quality Reporting Requirements’’ ((RIN0938– AS79) (CMS–1652-F)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 5, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6378. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Hospital Inpatient Pro-spective Payment System. . . and Low-Vol-ume Hospitals’’ ((RIN0938–AS77; RIN0938– AS88; and RIN0938–AS41) (CMS–1655-F; CMS– 1644-F; and CMS–1632-F2)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6379. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Inpatient Rehabilita-tion Facility Prospective Payment System 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.031 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5261 September 6, 2016 
for Federal Fiscal Year 2017’’ ((RIN0938–AS78) (CMS–1647-F)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–6380. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; FY 2017 Inpatient Psy-chiatric Facilities Prospective Payment Sys-tem–Rate Update’’ ((RIN0938–AS76) (CMS– 1650-N)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6381. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Prospective Payment System and Consolidated Billing for Skilled Nursing Facilities for FY 2017, SNF Value- Based Purchasing Program, SNF Quality Re-porting Program, and SNF Payment Models Research’’ ((RIN0938–AS75) (CMS–1645-F)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 5, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6382. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; FY 2017 Inpatient Psy-chiatric Facilities Prospective Payment Sys-tem–Rate Update’’ ((RIN0938–AS76) (CMS– 1650-N)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6383. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2016–0976); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6384. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an ad-dendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or de-fense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2016–1036); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–6385. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on India’s status as an adherent to the Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR) (OSS–2016–1043); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6386. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the designation of a group as a Foreign Terrorist Organization by the Secretary of State (OSS–2016–0869); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6387. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an ad-dendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or de-fense services to a Middle East country re-garding any possible effects such a sale might have relating to Israel’s Qualitative Military Edge over military threats to Israel (OSS–2016–0929); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–6388. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an ad-dendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or de-fense services to a Middle East country re-garding any possible effects such a sale might have relating to Israel’s Qualitative Military Edge over military threats to Israel (OSS–2016–0930); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–6389. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States to the President Pro Tempore of the United States Senate, transmitting, consistent with the War Pow-ers Act, a report relative to the deployment of U.S. forces to support the security of U.S. personnel and our Embassy in South Sudan; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6390. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States to the President Pro Tempore of the United States Senate, transmitting, consistent with the War Pow-ers Act, a report relative to the deployment of U.S. forces to support the security of U.S. personnel and our Embassy in South Sudan; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6391. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–006); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6392. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–142); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6393. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–053); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6394. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–031); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–6395. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 2015 annual report on voting prac-tices in the United Nations and the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the report; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6396. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2016–0087–2016–0100); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6397. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Small Rural Hospital Improvement Grant Program Report to Congress for Fiscal Year 2014’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6398. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Report on the Preventive Medicine and Public Health Training Grant and Inte-grative Medicine Programs’’; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6399. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Annual Progress Report to Con-gress on the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplan-tation Program and the National Cord Blood Inventory Program’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6400. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Gar-rett Lee Smith Memorial Act (GLSMA) Youth Suicide Prevention Program; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6401. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on the Nurse Education, Practice, Quality, and Retention Program’’ for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6402. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Nurse Corps Loan Repayment and Scholarship Pro-grams Report to Congress for Fiscal Year 2015’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6403. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant General Counsel for Regu-latory Services, Office of Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Pri-ority—Technical Assistance on State Data Collection Program—Targeted and Intensive Technical Assistance to States on the Anal-ysis and Use of Formative and Summative Assessment Date To Support Implementa-tion of States’ Identified Measurable Re-sult(s)’’ ((CFDA No. 84.373A.) (Docket No. ED–2016–OSERS–0024)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6404. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendments to Registration of Food Facilities’’ ((RIN0910–AG69) (Docket No. FDA–2002–N–0323)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6405. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of Review and Re-classification Procedures for Biological Products Licensed Prior to July 1, 1972; Technical Amendment’’ (Docket No. FDA– 2015–N–2103) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6406. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Food Additives Permitted for Direct Addition to Food for Human Con-sumption; Vitamin D2 and Vitamin D3’’ (Docket No. FDA–2013–N–0888) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6407. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.032 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5262 September 6, 2016 
transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Administrative Actions for Noncompliance; Lesser Administrative Ac-tions; Confirmation of Effective Date’’ (Docket No. FDA–2015–N–5052) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6408. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Emergency Permit Control Regulations; Technical Amendments’’ (Docket No. FDA–2015–N–2819) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6409. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Change of Address; Tech-nical Amendment’’ (Docket No. FDA–2016–N– 0011) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6410. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘New Animal Drug Applica-tions; Contents of Notice of Opportunity for a Hearing; Correction’’ (Docket No. FDA– 2016–N–1943) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 12, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6411. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Refuse To Accept Procedures for Premarket Tobacco Product Submis-sions’’ (Docket No. FDA–2016–N–1555) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 12, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6412. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Preparations, Lim-its of Potency, and Dating Period Limita-tions for Biological Products; Confirmation of Effective Date’’ (Docket No. FDA–2016–N– 1170) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 12, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6413. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulatory Hearing Before the Food and Drug Administration; General Provisions; Technical Amendment’’ (Docket No. FDA–2016–N–0011) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 12, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6414. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Food Labeling; Calorie La-beling of Articles of Food in Vending Ma-chines; Extension of Compliance Date’’ ((RIN0910–AG56) (Docket No. FDA–2011–F– 0171)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 12, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6415. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary for Aging, Department of Health and Human Services, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 11, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6416. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final priority and requirements—Technical Assistance on State Data Collection Program—Targeted and Intensive Technical Assistance to States on the Analysis and Use of Formative and Summative Assessment Data to Support Im-plementation of States’ Identified Measur-able Result(s)’’ ((CFDA No. 84.373A.) (Docket No. ED–2016–OSERS–0024)) received in the Of-fice of the President pro tempore of the Sen-ate; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6417. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final priority requirements, and definition—Disability In-novation Fund—Transition Work-Based Learning Model Demonstrations’’ ((CFDA No. 84.421B.) (Docket No. ED–2016–OSERS– 0022)) received in the Office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6418. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final priority— Training of Interpreters for Individuals Who Are Deaf or Hard of Hearing and Individuals Who Are Deaf-Blind Program’’ ((CFDA No. 84 .160D.) (Docket No. ED–2016–OSERS–0018)) re-ceived in the Office of the President pro tem-pore of the Senate; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6419. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of General Counsel, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pro-gram Fraud Civil Remedies: Civil Monetary Penalty Inflation Adjustment’’ (RIN3206– AN39) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6420. A communication from the Acting Director, Pay and Leave, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Disabled Vet-eran Leave and Other Miscellaneous Changes’’ (RIN3206–AN31) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6421. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The District of Columbia Housing Production Trust Fund: Revenues and Expenditures and 5-City Com-parison’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6422. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Subcon-tracting Requirements for Government-As-sisted Projects: A Review of DSLBD’s Com-pliance Monitoring Function’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–6423. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The District May Have Forfeited Nearly $500,000 Through Changes to the Contract for the H.D. Cooke Elementary School Modernization Com-pleted in 2010’’; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6424. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Sufficiency Certification for the Washington Convention and Sports Authority (Trading as Events DC) Projected Revenues and Excess Reserve to Meet Projected Operating and Debt Service Expenditures and Reserve Requirements for Fiscal Year 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6425. A communication from the Chief Executive Officer, Corporation for National and Community Service, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Corporation’s fiscal year 2015 annual report relative to the Notifica-tion and Federal Employee Antidiscrimina-tion and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6426. A communication from the Chair-man of the National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Fiscal Year 2015 Annual Report on the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6427. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Government Ethics, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Standards of Ethical Conduct for Em-ployees of the Executive Branch; Amend-ments to the Seeking Other Employment Rules’’ (RIN3209–AA04) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6428. A communication from the Spe-cial Counsel, Office of the Special Counsel, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘Annual Report to Congress for Fiscal Year 2015’’ and the Uniform Resource Loca-tor (URL) for the report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6429. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office’s annual report on Federal agencies’ use of the Physicians’ Comparability Allowance (PCA) program; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6430. A communication from the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2015, through March 31, 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6431. A communication from the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2015, through March 31, 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6432. A communication from the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Operating Of-ficer of the National Tropical Botanical Gar-den, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.032 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5263 September 6, 2016 
relative to an audit of the Garden for the pe-riod from January 1, 2015, through December 31, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6433. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Federal Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘Hart-Scott-Rodino Annual Report: Fis-cal Year 2015’’; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. EC–6434. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legal Policy, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Monetary Penalties Inflation Adjustment’’ (OAG 148) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6435. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Coming Into Focus: The Future of Juvenile Justice Reform, 2014 Annual Report’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6436. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to settlements and consent degrees and orders; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6437. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report on the De-partment’s activities during calendar year 2015 relative to the Equal Credit Opportunity Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6438. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting proposed legislation; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6439. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report on the De-partment’s activities during calendar year 2015 relative to the Equal Credit Opportunity Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6440. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to settlements and consent degrees and orders; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6441. A communication from the Project Manager, Citizenship and Immigra-tion Services, Department of Homeland Se-curity, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Expansion of Provi-sional Unlawful Presence Waivers of Inad-missibility’’ (RIN1615–AC03) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6442. A communication from the Project Manager, Citizenship and Immigra-tion Services, Department of Homeland Se-curity, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Expansion of Provi-sional Unlawful Presence Waivers of Inad-missibility’’ (RIN1615–AC03) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6443. A communication from the Project Manager, Citizenship and Immigra-tion Services, Department of Homeland Se-curity, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Expansion of Provi-sional Unlawful Presence Waivers of Inad-missibility’’ (RIN1615–AC03) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6444. A communication from the Fed-eral Register Liaison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Importer Permit Requirements for Tobacco Products and Processed Tobacco, and Other Require-ments for Tobacco Products, Processed To-bacco and Cigarette Papers and Tubes’’ (RIN1513–AB37) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6445. A joint communication from the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Policy, Department of Labor and the Acting Chief of the Regulatory Coordination Divi-sion, Office of Policy and Strategy, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Department of Homeland Security and De-partment of Labor Federal Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustment Act Catch-Up Adjust-ments for the H–2B Temporary Non-agricul-tural Worker Program’’ (RIN1235–AA15 and RIN1615–AC10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. EC–6446. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of Capital Ac-cess, Small Business Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Affiliation for Business Loan Pro-grams and Surety Bond Guarantee Program’’ (RIN3245–AG73) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship. EC–6447. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Uni-formed Services Employment and Reemploy-ment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) Quarterly Report to Congress; Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–6448. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Uni-formed Services Employment and Reemploy-ment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) Quarterly Report to Congress; Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–6449. A communication from the Office Program Manager, Office of Regulation Pol-icy and Management, Department of Vet-erans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Veterans Em-ployment Pay for Success Grant Program’’ (RIN2900–AP72) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 12, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–6450. A communication from the Office Program Manager, Office of Regulation Pol-icy and Management, Department of Vet-erans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Prescriptions in Alaska and U.S. Territories and Posses-sions’’ (RIN2900–AP42) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 18, 2016; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–6451. A communication from the Office Program Manager, Office of Regulation Pol-icy and Management, Department of Vet-erans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Hospital Care and Medical Services for Camp Lejeune Vet-erans’’ (RIN2900–AP59) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 18, 2016; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–6452. A communication from the Para-legal, Federal Transit Administration, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Bus Testing: Establishment of Performance Standards, a Bus Model Scoring System, a Pass/Fail Standard and other Program Up-dates’’ (RIN2132–AB11) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6453. A communication from the Para-legal, Federal Transit Administration, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Transit Asset Management; National Tran-sit Database’’ (RIN2132–AB07) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6454. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘In-spection of Towing Vessels’’ ((RIN1625–AB06) (Docket No. USCG–2006–24412)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6455. A communication from the Assist-ant Chief Counsel for Hazmat Division, Pipe-line and Hazardous Materials Safety Admin-istration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Hazardous Materials: Revi-sion of Maximum and Minimum Civil Pen-alties’’ (RIN2137–AF23) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6456. A communication from the Assist-ant Chief Counsel for Hazmat Division, Pipe-line and Hazardous Materials Safety Admin-istration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Hazardous Materials: Incor-poration by Reference Edition Update for the American Society of Mechanical Engineers Boiler and Pressure Vessel Code and Trans-portation Systems for Liquids and Slurries: Pressure Piping Code’’ (RIN2137–AF15) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6457. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Se-curity Zone, Delaware River, Schuylkill River; Philadelphia, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0363)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6458. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Se-curity Zones; 2016 Republican National Con-vention, and Associated Voluntary First Amendment Safety Zones, Lake Erie and Cuyahoga River, Cleveland, OH’’ ((RIN1625– AA87 and RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2016–0557)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6459. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Ohio River mile 307.8–308.8 Huntington, WV’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.033 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5264 September 6, 2016 
No. USCG–2016–0279)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6460. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Fox River, DePere to Oshkosh, WI’’ ((RIN1625– AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0256)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6461. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Norwalk River, Norwalk, CT’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Dock-et No. USCG–2014–1057)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6462. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Chesapeake Bay, Cape Charles, VA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0416)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6463. A communication from the Legal Intern, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Lake Erie Open Water Classic; Lake Erie, Cleveland, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Dock-et No. USCG–2016–0624)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6464. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; 2016 Wings Over Vermont Air Show, Lake Champlain, Burlington, VT’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 11127)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6465. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Detroit River Days Air Show, Detroit River, Detroit, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0460)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6466. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones; Marine Events held in the Sector Long Island Sound Captain of the Port Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0534)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6467. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Confluence of James River and Appomattox River, Hopewell, VA’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0331)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6468. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Bay Village Independence Day Celebration; Lake Erie, Bay Village, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0550)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6469. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Pleasure Bridge, Bridgeport, CT’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–1123)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6470. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Allegheny River mile 0–0.5, Monongahela River mile 0–0.5, Ohio River mile 0–0.5, Pittsburgh, PA ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0538)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6471. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Ohio River mile 607.5 to 608.6, Indiana’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0502)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6472. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Ohio River mile 317–318, Ash-land, KY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0616)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6473. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Ohio River Mile 42.5 to 43.0, Chester, West Virginia’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0335)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6474. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Shallowbag Bay, Manteo, NC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0131)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6475. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Pamlico Sound, Ocracoke, NC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2016–0289)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6476. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones; Marine Events held in the Sector Long Island Sound Captain of the Port Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0473)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6477. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; James River, Hampton, VA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0084)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6478. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Hudson River, South Nyack and Tarrytown, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Dock-et No. USCG–2016–0462)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6479. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Pleasure Beach Bridge, Bridgeport, CT’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–1088)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6480. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Drag Boat Champion-ship, Intracoastal Waterway, Bucksport, SC’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0011)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6481. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulations; Marine Events held in the Sector Long Island Sound Captain of the Port Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0559)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6482. A communication from the Chair-man of the Office of Proceedings, Surface Transportation Board, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulations Gov-erning Fees for Services Performed in Con-nection with Licensing and Related Serv-ices–2016 Update’’ (Docket No. EP 542) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6483. A communication from the Fed-eral Register Liaison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.034 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5265 September 6, 2016 
of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Mon-etary Penalty Inflation Adjustment—Alco-holic Beverage Labeling Act’’ (RIN1513–AC28) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6484. A communication from the Fed-eral Register Liaison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of the Tip of the Mitt Viticultural Area’’ (RIN1513–AC22) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6485. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Saint Lawrence Seaway Develop-ment Corporation, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Penalties’’ (RIN2135–40) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6486. A communication from the Regu-latory Ombudsman, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ments to Implement Certain Provisions of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act or ‘FAST Act’’’ (RIN2126–AB89) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6487. A communication from the Regu-latory Ombudsman, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Parts and Accessories Necessary for Safe Operation; In-spection, Repair, and Maintenance; General Amendments’’ (RIN2126–AB81) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6488. A communication from the Regu-latory Ombudsman, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustment of 2015’’ (RIN2126–AB93) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6489. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlan-tic Highly Migratory Species; North Atlantic Swordfish Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XE567) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6490. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fish-eries off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; Annual Specifications and Management Measures for the 2016 Trib-al and Non-Tribal Fisheries for Pacific Whit-ing’’ (RIN0648–BF74) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 3, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6491. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Implemen-tation of the Shark Conservation Act of 2010’’ (RIN0648–BF54) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6492. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlan-tic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–BG16) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6493. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Amendment 17 to the Atlantic Surfclam and Ocean Quahog Fishery Man-agement Plan’’ (RIN0648–BF04) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6494. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Imple-mentation of the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas Elec-tronic Bluefin Tuna Catch Documentation System’’ (RIN0648–BF17) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6495. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Mackerel, Squid, and Butterfish Fisheries; Specifications and Management Measures’’ (RIN0648–BF53) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6496. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Fixed-Gear Commercial Halibut and Sablefish Fisheries; Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Crab Rationalization Pro-gram; Cost Recovery Authorized Payment Methods’’ (RIN0648–BF35) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 19, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6497. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Ex-clusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Western Alaska Community Development Quota Pro-gram’’ (RIN0648–BF05) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6498. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Ex-clusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Crab Rationaliza-tion Program’’ (RIN0648–BF46) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6499. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Amendments to the Reef Fish, Spiny Lobster, Queen Conch, and Cor-als and Reef Associated Plants and Inverte-brates Fishery Management Plans of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands’’ (RIN0648– BF18) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6500. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘International Fisheries; Western and Cen-tral Pacific Fisheries for Highly Migratory Species; Purse Seine Observer Requirements, and Fishing Restrictions and Limits in Purse Seine and Longline Fisheries for 2016–2017’’ (RIN0648–BF76) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6501. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries off West Coast States; West Coast Salmon Fisheries; 2016 Management Meas-ures; Correction’’ (RIN0648–BF56) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6502. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘International Fisheries; Eastern Pacific Fisheries for Highly Migratory Species; Amend Regulations Implementing Inter- American Tropical Tuna Commission Reso-lution C–02–03’’ (RIN0648–BF71) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6503. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Bycatch Management in the Ber-ing Sea Pollock Fishery’’ (RIN0648–BF25) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6504. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Small-Mesh Multispecies Specifica-tions’’ (RIN0648–XE425) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.035 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5266 September 6, 2016 
President of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6505. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; the Highly Migratory Species Fishery; Closure’’ (RIN0648–XE621) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6506. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Taking and Importing Marine Mammals; Taking Marine Mammals Incidental to Seis-mic Surveys in Cook Inlet, Alaska’’ (RIN0648–BE53) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6507. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Mackerel, Squid, and Butterfish Fishery; 2016 Longfin Squid Tri-mester II Quota Harvested’’ (RIN0648–XE697) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6508. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pollock in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands’’ (RIN0648– XE518) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6509. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries off West Coast States; Modifica-tions of the West Coast Commercial Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Actions #1 Through #5’’ (RIN0648–XE520) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6510. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; 2016 Recreational Accountability Measures and Closure for Gulf of Mexico Gray Triggerfish’’ (RIN0648–XE701) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 29, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6511. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XE679) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6512. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Commer-cial Blacknose Sharks and Non-Blacknose Small Coastal Sharks in the Atlantic Region South of 34 degrees North Latitude; Closure’’ (RIN0648–XE634) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6513. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery; 2016 Closure of the Northern Gulf of Maine Scal-lop Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE620) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6514. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone off Alaska; Deep-Water Species Fishery and Shallow-Water Species Fishery by Vessels Using Trawl Gear in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE644) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6515. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator for Procurement, Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘NASA Federal Acqui-sition Regulation Supplement: Clarification of Award Fee Evaluations and Payments’’ (RIN2700–AE31) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6516. A communication from the Fed-eral Register Liaison Officer, Office of Human Exploration and Operations,National Aeronautics and Space Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Space Flight’’ (RIN2700– AD98) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 13, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6517. A communication from the Trial Attorney, Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Inflation Adjustment of the Ordinary Max-imum and Aggravated Maximum Civil Mone-tary Penalties for a Violation of the Haz-ardous Material Transportation Laws or Regulations, Orders, Special Permits, and Approvals Issued Under Those Laws’’ (RIN2130–AC61) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6518. A communication from the Trial Attorney, Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Implementation of the Federal Civil Pen-alties Inflation Adjustment Act Improve-ments Act for a Violation of a Federal Rail-road Safety Law or Federal Railroad Admin-istration Safety Regulation or Order’’ (RIN2130–AC59) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6519. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Public Safety and Homeland Secu-rity Bureau, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Improving Outage Reporting for Submarine Cables and En-hanced Submarine Cable Outage Data’’ ((FCC 16–81) (GN Docket No. 15–206)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6520. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Public Safety and Homeland Secu-rity Bureau, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of Part 11 of the Commission’s Rules Regarding the Emergency Alert System’’ ((FCC 16–80) (PSHSB Docket No. 15–94)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6521. A communication from the Acting Division Chief, Office of Engineering and Technology, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Promoting Ex-panded Opportunities for Radio Experimen-tation and Market Trials under Part 5 of the Commission’s Rules and Streamlining Other Related Rules; 2006 Biennial Review of Tele-communications Regulations—Part 2 Admin-istered by the Office of Engineering and Technology (OET)’’ ((ET Doc. No. 10–236 and ET Doc. No. 06–155) (FCC 16–86)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6522. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Technology Transitions, Policies and Rules Governing Retirement Of Copper Loops by Incumbent Local Exchange Car-riers.’’ ((RIN3060–AK32) (FCC 16–90)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6523. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Public Safety and Homeland Secu-rity Bureau, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Improving Outage Reporting for Submarine Cables and En-hanced Submarine Cable Outage Data’’ ((FCC 16–81) (GN Docket No. 15–206)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6524. A communication from the Pro-gram Analyst, Office of Managing Director/ Financial Operations, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of the Schedule of Application Fees Set Forth In Sections 1.1102 through 1.1109 of the Commission’s Rules’’ (FCC 16–87) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6525. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Technology Transitions, Policies and Rules Governing Retirement Of Copper Loops by Incumbent Local Exchange Car-riers.’’ ((RIN3060–AK32) (FCC 16–90)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6526. A communication from the Pro-gram Analyst, Office of Managing Director/ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.035 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5267 September 6, 2016 
Financial Operations, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of the Schedule of Application Fees Set Forth In Sections 1.1102 through 1.1109 of the Commission’s Rules’’ (FCC 16–87) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6527. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Wireline Competition Bureau, Fed-eral Communications Commission, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Connect America Fund; ETC Annual Reports and Certifications; Developing a Unified Intercarrier Compensation Regime’’ ((RIN3060–AF85) (FCC 16–33)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6528. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Wireline Competition Bureau, Fed-eral Communications Commission, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Connect America Fund; ETC Annual Reports and Certifications; Developing a Unified Intercarrier Compensation Regime’’ ((RIN3060–AF85) (FCC 16–33)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6529. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Public Safety and Homeland Secu-rity Bureau, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of Part 11 of the Commission’s Rules Regarding the Emergency Alert System’’ ((FCC 16–80) (PSHSB Docket No. 15–94)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6530. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class C Airspace; Billings Logan International Airport, MT’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–0149)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6531. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class C Airspace; Capital Region International Airport, MI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4452)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6532. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class D Airspace; Destin, FL; Duke Field, Eglin AFB, FL; Revocation of Class D Airspace; Eglin AF Aux No 3 Duke Field, FL; and Amendment of Class D and E Airspace; Eglin Air Force Base, FL; Eglin Hurlburt Field, FL; and Crestview, FL’’ ((RIN2120– AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–7203)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6533. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class D Airspace; Destin, FL; Duke Field, Eglin AFB, FL; Revocation of Class D Airspace; Eglin AF Aux No 3 Duke Field, FL; and Amendment of Class D and E Airspace; Eglin Air Force Base, FL; Eglin Hurlburt Field, FL; and Crestview, FL’’ ((RIN2120– AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–7203)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6534. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Beach, ND’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–5801)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6535. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Lisbon, ND’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–5800)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6536. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Shelton, WA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3994)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6537. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Char-lottesville, VA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–8304)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6538. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Or-lando, FL; Jackson, TN; and Amendment of Class E Airspace; Gainesville, FL’’ ((RIN2120– AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–0071)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6539. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Little Rock, AR’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3085)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6540. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace for the following Indiana Towns; Goshen, IN; Greencastle, IN; Huntingburg, IN; North Vernon, IN; Rensselaer, IN; Tell City, IN; and Wash-ington, IN’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–4291)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6541. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace for the following Louisiana Towns; De Quincy, LA; Minden, LA; Slidell, LA; and Revocation of Class E Airspace; Homer, LA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–4429)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6542. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Ogden-Hinckley, UT’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016– 0021)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6543. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace for the following Kansas Towns: Belleville, KS; Johnson, KS; Marysville, KS; Pittsburg, KS; and Wash-ington, KS’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–4234)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6544. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Changing the Collective Risk Limits for Launches and Reentries and Clarifying the Risk Limit Used to Establish Hazard Areas for Ships and Aircraft’’ ((RIN2120–AK06) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0418)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6545. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Changes to the Application Requirements for Authoriza-tion to Operate in Reduced Vertical Separa-tion Minimum Airspace’’ ((RIN2120–AK54) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1746)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6546. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of the Requirement for Helicopters to Use the New York North Shore Helicopter Route’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA– 2010–0302)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.036 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5268 September 6, 2016 
EC–6547. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Repair Stations’’ ((RIN2120–AK86) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–8744)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6548. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fuel Tank Fire Protection’’ ((RIN2120–AK30) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0500)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6549. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revisions to the Civil Penalty Inflation Adjustment Tables’’ ((RIN2120–AK90) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–7004)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6550. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modifica-tion of VOR Federal Airway V–552; Mis-sissippi’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–5573)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6551. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Part 95 In-strument Flight Rules; Miscellaneous Amendments; Amendment No. 527’’ (RIN2120– AA63) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6552. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (101); Amdt. No. 3696’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6553. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (93); Amdt. No. 3698’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6554. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (37); Amdt. No. 3697’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6555. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (35); Amdt. No. 3695’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6556. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (119); Amdt. No. 3700’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6557. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (41); Amdt. No. 3699’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6558. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (93); Amdt. No. 3701’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6559. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (111); Amdt. No. 3702’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6560. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; CFM International S.A. Tur-bofan Engines Modified by Supplemental Type Certificate SE00034EN’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2012–1289)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6561. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Restricted Areas R–6602A, R–6602B, and R–6602C; Fort Pickett, VA’’ ((RIN2120– AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–7005)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6562. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; M7 Aerospace LLC Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–5431)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6563. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–3983)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6564. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–7533)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6565. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–3993)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6566. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4813)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6567. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3635)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6568. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–6900)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6569. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–6899)) received 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.037 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5269 September 6, 2016 
during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6570. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–3988)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6571. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–7263)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6572. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3632)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6573. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–3983)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6574. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–0459)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6575. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–2964)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6576. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4202)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6577. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–8134)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6578. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–6033)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6579. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters (Type Certificate Previously Held by Eurocopter France)’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0105)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6580. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–8032)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6581. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–8435)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6582. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–5463)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6583. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–7266)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6584. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–7265)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6585. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–8129)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6586. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–5590)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6587. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–7422)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6588. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pratt and Whitney Canada Corp. Turboprop Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0486)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6589. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–3700)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6590. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2011–0027)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6591. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–4210)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6592. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–8130)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.037 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5270 September 6, 2016 
EC–6593. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–2958)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6594. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–3987)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6595. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–4812)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6596. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–6541)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6597. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–5808)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6598. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–3628)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6599. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–8131)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6600. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Various Aircraft Equipped with BR-Powertrain GmbH and Company KG 912 A Series Engine’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Dock-et No. FAA–2016–4878)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6601. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Textron Aviation Inc. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–5579)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6602. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Beechcraft Corporation (Type Certificate Previously Held by Hawker Beechcraft Corporation; Raytheon Aircraft Company; Beech Aircraft Corporation) Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–0460)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6603. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–8137)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6604. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–8138)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6605. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–8467)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6606. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–5810)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6607. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–0464)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6608. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–8466)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6609. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; PILATUS AIRCRAFT LTD. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–5284)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6610. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; BRP–Powertrain GmbH and Co KG Reciprocating Engines’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–2042)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6611. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–7491)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6612. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Turbomeca S.A. Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2010–0219)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6613. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–3987)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6614. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Saab AB, Saab Aeronautics (Formerly Known as Saab, AB, Saab Aerosystems)’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.038 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5271 September 6, 2016 
FAA–2015–7524)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6615. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Saab AB, Saab Aeronautics (Type Certificate Previously Held by Saab, AB, Saab Aerosystems) Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–8432)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6616. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; GROB Aircraft AG Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–7057)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6617. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; BLANIK LIMITED Gliders’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–4233)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6618. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pacific Aerospace Limited Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–5578)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6619. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; B/E Aerospace Protective Breathing Equipment Part Number 119003– 11’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015– 2134)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6620. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; EVEKTOR, spol. S.r.o. Glid-ers’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016– 4232)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6621. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; EVEKTOR, spol. S.r.o. Glid-ers’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016– 4230)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6622. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Embraer S.A. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–6542)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6623. A communication from the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a viola-tion of the Antideficiency Act; to the Com-mittee on Appropriations. EC–6624. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Vice Admiral Sean A. Pybus, United States Navy, and his advance-ment to the grade of vice admiral on the re-tired list; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–6625. A communication from the Spe-cial Assistant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Margin and Capital Requirements for Cov-ered Swap Entities’’ (RIN7100–AD74) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 19, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6626. A communication from the Spe-cial Assistant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Margin and Capital Requirements for Cov-ered Swap Entities’’ (RIN7100–AD74) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 19, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6627. A communication from the Spe-cial Assistant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Margin and Capital Requirements for Cov-ered Swap Entities’’ (RIN7100–AD74) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 19, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6628. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Rural Housing Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Monetary Penalties’’ ((7 CFR Part 3560) (RIN0575–AC93)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–6629. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Cotton and Tobacco Pro-grams, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cotton Board Rules and Regulations: Ad-justing Supplemental Assessment on Imports (2016 Amendments)’’ (Docket No. AMS–CN– 16–0012) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 17, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6630. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pecans Grown in the States of Alabama, Arkansas, Arizona, California, Florida, Georgia, Kan-sas, Louisiana, Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina, New Mexico, Oklahoma, South Carolina, and Texas; Order Regulating Han-dling’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–15–0023) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 17, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6631. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director of Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, Rural Utilities Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees’’ (RIN0572–AC06) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 16, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6632. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the National Organic Pro-gram, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Organic Program (NOP): Sunset 2016 Amendments to the National List’’ (Docket No. AMS–NOP–15–0052) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 16, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–6633. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Minimum Quality and Handling Standards for Domes-tic and Imported Peanuts Marketed in the United States; Change to the Quality and Handling Requirements’’ (Docket No. AMS– FV–15–0066) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 16, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–6634. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for Regulations, Office of the Housing-Federal Housing Commis-sioner, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Disposition of HUD - Acquired Single Family Properties; Updating HUD’s Single Family Property Dis-position Regulations’’ (RIN2502–AJ32) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 18, 2016; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6635. A communication from the Chair-man of the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the progress made in licens-ing and constructing the Alaska Natural Gas Pipeline; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–6636. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Indiana; Ship-building Antifoulant Coatings’’ (FRL No. 9950–84–Region 5) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 16, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6637. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Wisconsin; Keno-sha County 2008 8-Hour Ozone Nonattain-ment Area Reasonable Further Progress Plan’’ (FRL No. 9950–86–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 16, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6638. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Minor New Source Review - Nonroad En-gines’’ (FRL No. 9950–94–Region 3) received 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.039 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5272 September 6, 2016 
during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 16, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6639. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to Test Methods, Perform-ance Specifications, and Testing Regulations for Air Emission Sources’’ (FRL No. 9950–57– OAR) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 16, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6640. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Minor New Source Review Requirements’’ (FRL No. 9950–91–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 16, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6641. A communication from the Chief of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Bureau of Customs and Border Pro-tection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Prohibition on Importation of Jadeite or Rubies Mined or Extracted from Burma, and Articles of Jewelry Con-taining Jadeite or Rubies Mined or Ex-tracted from Burma’’ (RIN1515–AE15) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 18, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–6642. A communication from the Chief of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Bureau of Customs and Border Pro-tection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Investigation of Claims of Evasion of Antidumping and Countervailing Duties’’ (RIN1515–AE10) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 18, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6643. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–110); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6644. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–036); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6645. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a comprehensive report on policy to-wards the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–6646. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2016–0101 - 2016–0104); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6647. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations: Procedures for Obtaining State Department Authorization to Export Items Subject to the Export Administration Regu-lations; Revision to the Destination Control Statement; and Other Changes’’ (RIN1400– AC88) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 18, 2016; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6648. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary for Employment and Training, Department of Labor, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act; Joint Rule for Unified and Com-bined State Plans, Performance Account-ability, and the One-Stop System Joint Pro-visions’’ (RIN1205–AB74) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 19, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6649. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary for Employment and Training, Department of Labor, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act’’ (RIN1205–AB73) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 19, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6650. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Delays in Approvals of Applications Related to Citizen Petitions and Petitions for Stay of Agency Action for Fiscal Year 2015’’; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6651. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s fiscal year 2016 FAIR Act inventory; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6652. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Regulatory Affairs Law Divi-sion, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Petitions for Rulemaking, Amendment, or Repeal’’ (RIN1601–AA56) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 17, 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6653. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Commer-cial Aggregated Large Coastal Shark and Hammerhead Shark Management Group Re-tention Limit Adjustment’’ (RIN0648–XE586) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 19, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6654. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fish-eries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2015–2016 Biennial Speci-fications and Management Measures; Inseason Adjustments’’ (RIN0648–BG08) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 17, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6655. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2016 Commercial Ac-countability Measure and Closure for Gulf of Mexico Greater Amberjack’’ (RIN0648–XE716) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 19, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6656. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery; Clo-sure of the Mid-Atlantic Access Area to Gen-eral Category Individual Fishing Quota Scal-lop Vessels’’ (RIN0648–XE709) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6657. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Georges Bank Cod Trimester Total Allow-able Catch Area Closure for the Common Pool Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XE720) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6658. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Kamchatka Flounder in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE647) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 19, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6659. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE694) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 19, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6660. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Georges Bank Cod Trimester Total Allowable Catch Area Closure for the Common Pool Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XE720) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 19, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6661. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Other Hook-and-Line Fishery by Catcher Vessels in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE667) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 19, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6662. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Yellowfin Sole for Vessels Partici-pating in the BSAI Trawl Limited Access Fishery in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Is-lands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE669) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.039 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5273 September 6, 2016 
on August 19, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6663. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Allegheny River mile 0.0–1.5; Pittsburgh, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0541)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6664. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulations; Tall Ships Duluth 2016 Parade of Sail, Lake Superior, Duluth, MN’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG– 2016–0797)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6665. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Pittsburgh Steelers Fire-works; Allegheny River mile 0.0–0.25, Ohio River mile 0.0–0.1, Monongahela River mile 0.0–0.1, Pittsburgh, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0739)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6666. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Apra Outer Harbor, Naval Base Guam’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0644)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6667. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Tall Ships Duluth 2016 - Giant Duck, Lake Superior, Duluth, MN’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 6017)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6668. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones; Marine Events held in the Sector Long Island Sound Captain of the Port Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0670)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6669. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Annual Roy Webster Cross- Channel Swim, Columbia River, Hood River, OR’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2016–0370)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6670. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commission, Bureau of Con-sumer Protection, Federal Trade Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Labeling Rule’’ (RIN3084–AB03) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6671. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commission, Bureau of Con-sumer Protection, Federal Trade Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Disclosure Require-ments and Prohibitions Concerning Fran-chising’’ (16 CFR Part 436) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6672. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commission, Bureau of Con-sumer Protection, Federal Trade Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Adjustment of Civil Monetary Penalty Amounts’’ (16 CFR Part 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6673. A communication from the Regu-latory Ombudsman, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Unified Registration System; Correction’’ (RIN2126– AB85) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 19, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6674. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Transportation Worker Identification Cre-dential (TWIC)—Reader Requirements’’ ((RIN1625–AB21) (Docket No. USCG–2007– 28915)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6675. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of Government Contracting, Small Business Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Small Business Mentor Pro-tege Programs’’ (RIN3245–AG24) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 16, 2016; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. EC–6676. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘OMB Se-questration Update Report to the President and Congress for Fiscal Year 2017’’; to the Special Committee on Aging; Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry; Appropriations; Armed Services; Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; the Budget; Commerce, Science, and Transportation; Energy and Natural Resources; Environment and Public Works; Select Committee on Ethics; Fi-nance; Foreign Relations; Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs; Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions; Indian Affairs; Select Committee on Intelligence; the Judi-ciary; Rules and Administration; Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship; and Veterans’ Af-fairs. EC–6677. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Natamycin; Exemption from the Re-quirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9949–03) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2016; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6678. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Citrus tristeza virus expressing spin-ach defensin proteins 2, 7, and 8; Temporary Exemption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance’’ (FRL No. 9947–19) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 26, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6679. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Acrylic polymers; Tolerance Exemp-tion’’ (FRL No. 9949–81) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 26, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6680. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Agricultural Marketing Serv-ice, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Dairy Promotion and Re-search Program; Amendments to the Order’’ (Docket No. AMS–DA–14–0074) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–6681. A communication from the Acting Associate Administrator of the Livestock, Poultry, and Seed Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of Pro-gram to Assess Organic Certifying Agencies in 7 CFR Part 37’’ (Docket No. AMS–LPS–15– 0054) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6682. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Almonds Grown in California; Change in Quality Con-trol Requirements’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–16– 0047;SC16–981–3IR) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 24, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6683. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Livestock, Poultry, and Seed Program, Agricultural Marketing Serv-ice, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Livestock Mandatory Reporting: Re-authorization of Livestock Mandatory Re-porting and Revision of Swine and Lamb Re-porting Requirements’’ ((RIN0581–AD45) (Docket No. AMS–LPS–15–0070)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–6684. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Request for Audit Services in France, Germany, the Netherlands, or the United Kingdom’’ ((RIN0750–AJ04) (DFARS Case 2016–D027)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–6685. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Instructions for the Wide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.040 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5274 September 6, 2016 
Area WorkFlow Reparable Receiving Re-port’’ ((RIN0750–AI83) (DFARS Case 2016– D004)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6686. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Costs Related to Counter-feit Electronic Parts’’ ((RIN0750–AI86) (DFARS Case 2016–D010)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6687. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Addi-tion of Certain Persons to the Entity List’’ (RIN0694–AH06) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–6688. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tem-porary General License: Extension of Valid-ity’’ (RIN0694–AG82) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 24, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6689. A communication from the Sec-retary, Division of Investment Management, Securities and Exchange Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Form ADV and Investment Advis-ers Act Rules’’ (RIN3235–AL75) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 26, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6690. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revi-sions to the Export Administration Regula-tions (EAR): Harmonization of the Destina-tion Control Statements’’ (RIN0694–AG47) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 26, 2016; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6691. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Notice of Partial Grant and Partial Denial of Petitions To Amend the Error Correction Rule’’ (RIN1904– AD63) received in the Office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–6692. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Indiana; RACM Determination for Indiana Portion of the Cincinnati-Hamilton Annual PM2.5 Non-attainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9951–29–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2016; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–6693. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; North Carolina; Regional Haze Progress Report’’ (FRL No. 9951–25–Region 4) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 23, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6694. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Wy-oming; Emission Inventory for 2008 Ozone NAAQS and Revisions to Incorporation by Reference’’ (FRL No. 9951–34–Region 8) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6695. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; State Operation Permit Conditions for the Control of Emissions of Volatile Organic Compounds from the Reynolds Consumer Products LLC - Bellwood Printing Plant’’ (FRL No. 9951–41–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6696. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; California; San Joaquin Valley; Moderate Area Plan for the 2006 PM2.5 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9951–42–Re-gion 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6697. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollut-ants; Virgin Islands; Sewage Sludge Inciner-ators’’ (FRL No. 9951–24–Region 2) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6698. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Extension of Deadline for Action on the July 2016 Section 126 Petition from Dela-ware’’ (FRL No. 9951–18–OAR) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6699. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Partial Approval and Partial Dis-approval of Air Quality Implementation Plans; New York; Interstate Transport Infra-structure SIP Requirements for the 2008 Ozone NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9951–49–Region 2) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2016; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–6700. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Alabama; Cross- State Air Pollution Rule’’ (FRL No. 9951–52– Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 26, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6701. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Connecticut; Open Burning and Portable Fuel Containers’’ (FRL No. 9943–06–Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 26, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6702. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Kentucky; Source Specific Revision for Louisville Gas and Electric’’ (FRL No. 9951–59–Region 4) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 26, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6703. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; NH; Approval of Single Source Orders’’ (FRL No. 9951–46–Re-gion 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 26, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6704. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Reno, Nevada; Second 10-Year Carbon Monoxide Mainte-nance Plan’’ (FRL No. 9951–48–Region 9) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 26, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6705. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Control of Emissions from Various Processes and Fuel-Burning Equipment from Kraft Pulp Mills’’ (FRL No. 9951–22–Region 3) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 26, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6706. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Maryland; Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Pro-gram Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9951–51–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 26, 2016; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–6707. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Research, Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Low Pressure Cool-ant Injection (LPCI) Coupling Inspection and Flaw Evaluation Guidelines’’ (BWRVIP–42, Revision 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6708. A communication from the Chief of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Bureau of Customs and Border Pro-tection, Department of Homeland Security, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.041 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5275 September 6, 2016 
transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Administrative Exemption on Value Increased for Certain Articles’’ (RIN1515–AE09) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–6709. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Preparer Tax Iden-tification Number (PTIN) User Fee Update’’ ((RIN1545–BN02) (TD 9781)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6710. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Use of Contingency to Satisfy CRAT Exhaustion Test’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016–42) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–6711. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Interim Guidance Under Section 7705 for Certified Professional Employer Organizations’’ (Notice 2016–49) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–6712. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Updates on Juris-dictions Treated as if They Have an IGA Ef-fect’’ (Announcement 2016–27) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6713. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Election into the Partnership Audit Regime Under the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2015’’ ((RIN1545–BN34) (TD 9780)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–6714. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Voss v. Commis-sioner, 796 F.3d 1051 (9th Cir. 2015), rev’g Sophy v. Commissioner, 138 T.C. 204 (2012)’’ (AOD 131448–15) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–6715. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tax on Certain Foreign Procurement’’ ((RIN1545–BK06) (TD 9782)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6716. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applicable Federal Rates—September 2016’’ (Rev. Rul. 2016–20) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–6717. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Average Monthly Premium for a Bronze-Level Health Plan Under Section 5000A’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016– 43) received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on August 25, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6718. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for the Employment and Training Administration, Department of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal-State Unem-ployment Compensation Program; Imple-menting the Total Unemployment Rate as an Extended Benefits Indicator and Amend-ing for Technical Corrections; Final Rule’’ (RIN1205–AB62) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–6719. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an ad-dendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or de-fense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2016–1100); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–6720. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an ad-dendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or de-fense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2016–1099); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–6721. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Termi-nated Single-Employer Plans; Interest As-sumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6722. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Substances Generally Recog-nized as Safe’’ ((RIN0910–AH15) (Docket No. FDA–1997–N–0020)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 22, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6723. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–90; Introduction’’ (FAC 2005–90) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6724. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–90; Small Entity Compliance Guide’’ (FAC 2005–90) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–6725. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Fair Play and Safe Workspaces’’ ((RIN9000–AM81) (FAC 2005–90)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6726. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–465, ‘‘Public Charter School Fiscal Transparency Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6727. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–466, ‘‘Renewable Portfolio Standard Expansion Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6728. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–467, ‘‘Bicycle and Pedestrian Safety Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–6729. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–468, ‘‘Theodore ‘Ted’ Williams Alley Designation Act of 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–6730. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–484, ‘‘Financial Exploitation of Vulnerable Adults and the Elderly Amend-ment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6731. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–485, ‘‘Building Service Em-ployees Minimum Work Week Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6732. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–486, ‘‘Procurement Integrity, Transparency, and Accountability Amend-ment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6733. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–487, ‘‘Incarceration to Incor-poration Entrepreneurship Program Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6734. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–488, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Support Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6735. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–489, ‘‘Public Space Naming Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6736. A communication from the Sec-retary, Judicial Conference of the United States, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Report of the Proceedings of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.041 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5276 September 6, 2016 
the Judicial Conference of the United States’’ for the March 2016 session; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6737. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Place-ment of Thiafentanil into Schedule II’’ (Docket No. DEA–375) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 26, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6738. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Consumer and Governmental Af-fairs Bureau, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Implementation of the Twenty-First Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act of 2010, Section 105, Relay Services for Deaf-Blind Individ-uals’’ ((CG Doc. No. 10–210) (FCC 16–101)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6739. A communication from the Dep-uty Division Chief, Wireless Telecommuni-cations Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Improvements to Benchmarks and Related Requirements Governing Hearing Aid-Compatible Mobile Handsets’’ ((FCC 16–103) (WT Docket No. 15– 285)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–198. A resolution adopted by the House of Representatives of the State of Rhode Island urging the United States Con-gress, pursuant to Article V of the United States Constitution, to call a convention of the states for purpose of proposing amend-ments to the United States Constitution rel-ative to campaign finance; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H
OUSE RESOLUTION 7670 Whereas, The 1st President of the United States George Washington stated, ‘‘The basis or our political systems is the right of the people to make and to alter their Constitu-tions of Government’’; and Whereas, It was the stated intention of the framers of the Constitution of the United States of America that the Congress of the United States of America should be ‘‘depend-ent on the people alone.’’ (James Madison Federalist 52); and Whereas, That dependency has evolved from a dependency on the people alone to a dependency on those who spend excessively in elections, through campaigns or third- party groups: and Whereas, The United States Supreme Court ruling in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission, 558 U.S. 310 (2010) re-moved restrictions on amounts of inde-pendent political spending; and Whereas, The removal or those restrictions has resulted in the unjust influence of power-ful economic forces, which have supplanted the will of the people by undermining our ability to choose our political leadership, write our own laws, and determine the fate of our state; and Whereas, Article V of the United States Constitution requires the United States Con-gress to call a convention for proposing amendments upon application of two-thirds of the legislatures of the several states for the purpose of proposing amendments to the United States Constitution; Now, therefore be it Resolved, That this House of Representa-tives of the State of Rhode Island and Provi-dence Plantations hereby sees the need for a convention to propose amendments in order to address concerns such as those raised by the decision of the United States Supreme Court in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission and related cases and events in-cluding those occurring long before or after-ward or for a substantially similar purpose, and desires that said convention should be so limited; and be it further Resolved, That this House hereby respect-fully requests that the delegates to said con-vention be comprised equally of individuals currently elected to state and local office, or be selected by election, in each Congres-sional district for the purpose of serving as delegates, though all individuals elected or appointed to federal office, now or in the past, be prohibited from serving as delegates to the Convention, and furthermore requests the ability to restrict or expand the power of its delegates within the limits expressed above; and be it further Resolved, That this House hereby intends that this be a continuing application consid-ered together with applications calling for a convention passed in the 2013–2014 Vermont legislature as R454, the 2013–2014 California legislature as Resolution Chapter 77, the 2013–2014 Illinois legislature as Senate Joint Resolution No. 42, the 2014–2015 New Jersey legislature Senate concurrent Resolution No. 132, and all other passed, pending, and future applications, the aforementioned concerns of Rhode Island notwithstanding until such time as two-thirds of the several states have applied for a Convention and said Convention is convened by Congress; and be it further Resolved, That the citizenry of the State of Rhode Island, speaking through this House of Representatives, and pursuant to Article V of the United States Constitution, hereby petitions the United States Congress to call a Convention for the purpose of proposing Amendments to the Constitution of the United States of America as soon as two- thirds of the several states have applied for a Convention; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of State be and hereby is authorized and directed to transmit duly certified copies of this resolu-tion to the President of the United States; the Vice President of the United States in his capacity as President of the United States Senate and addressed to him at the office he maintains in the United States Cap-itol; the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, the Minority Leader of the United States House of Representatives, the President Pro Tempore of the United States Senate, and the Rhode Island Con-gressional Delegation. 
POM–199. A resolution adopted by the Sen-ate of the State of Rhode Island urging the United States Congress, pursuant to Article V of the United States Constitution, to call a convention of the states for purpose of pro-posing amendments to the United States Constitution relative to campaign finance; to the Committee on the Judiciary. S
ENATE RESOLUTION 2589 Whereas, The 1st President of the United States George Washington stated. ‘‘The basis of our political systems is the right of the people to make and to alter their Constitu-tions of Government’’: and Whereas, It was the stated intention of the framers of the Constitution of the United States of America that the Congress of the United States of America should be ‘‘depend-ent on the people alone.’’ (James Madison. Federalist 52): and Whereas, That dependency has evolved from a dependency on the people alone to a dependency on those who spend excessively in elections, through campaigns or third- party groups; and Whereas, The United States Supreme Court ruling in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission. 558 U.S. 310 (2010) re-moved restrictions on amounts of inde-pendent political spending; and Whereas, The removal of those restrictions has resulted in the unjust influence of power-ful economic forces, which have supplanted the will of the people by undermining our ability to choose our political leadership, write our own laws, and determine the fate of our state; and Whereas, Article V of the United States Constitution requires the United States Con-gress to call a convention for proposing amendments upon application of two-thirds of the legislatures of the several states for the purpose of proposing amendments to the United States Constitution: Now, therefore be it Resolved, That this Senate of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations hereby sees the need for a convention to pro-pose amendments in order to address con-cerns such as those raised by the decision of the United States Supreme Court in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission and related cases and events including those oc-curring long before or afterward or for a sub-stantially similar purpose, and desires that said convention should be so limited: and be it further Resolved, That this Senate hereby respect-fully requests that the delegates to said con-vention be comprised equally of individuals currently elected to state and local office, or be selected by election, in each Congres-sional district for the purpose of serving as delegates, though all individuals elected or appointed to federal office, now or in the past, be prohibited from serving as delegates to the Convention, and furthermore requests the ability to restrict or expand the power of its delegates within the limits expressed above; and be it further Resolved, That this Senate hereby intends that this be a continuing application consid-ered together with applications calling for a convention passed in the 2013–2014 Vermont legislature is R454, the 2013–2014 California legislature is Resolution Chapter 77, the 2013–2014 Illinois legislature as Senate Joint Resolution No. 42, the 2014–2015 New Jersey legislature Senate concurrent Resolution No. 132, and all other passed, pending, and future applications, the aforementioned concerns of Rhode Island notwithstanding until such time as two-thirds of the several states have applied for a Convention and said Convention is convened by Congress; and be it further Resolved, That the citizenry of the State of Rhode Island, speaking through this Senate, and pursuant to Article V of the United States Constitution, hereby petitions the United States Congress to call a Convention for the purpose of proposing Amendments to the Constitution of the United States of America as soon as two-thirds of the several states have applied for a Convention; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of State be and hereby is authorized and directed to transmit duly certified copies of this resolu-tion to the President of the United States; the Vice President of the United States in his capacity as President of the United States Senate and addressed to him at the office he maintains in the United States Cap-itol; the Speaker of the United States House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.042 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5277 September 6, 2016 
of Representatives, the Minority Leader of the United States House of Representatives, the President Pro Tempore of the United States Senate, and the Rhode Island Con-gressional Delegation. 
POM–200. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Delaware rescinding all previous applications by the Legislature to the United States Congress to call a constitutional convention; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 60 Whereas, the General Assembly of the State of Delaware has, at various times, pre-viously made applications to the Congress of the United States of America to call a con-vention to propose amendments concerning specific subjects to the United States Con-stitution, pursuant to Article V; and Whereas, over the course of time, the will of the people of the State of Delaware may have changed with regard to the General As-sembly’s previous calls for a convention to amend the United States Constitution; and Whereas, the General Assembly of the State of Delaware does not want its previous applications for a constitutional convention, most of which were made over 3 decades ago, to be aggregated with calls for a convention from other states: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives of the 148th General Assembly of the State of Dela-ware, the Senate concurring therein, That the General Assembly rescinds all prior applica-tions to the Congress of the United States of America to call a convention pursuant to Ar-ticle V of the United States Constitution, in-cluding all of the following: 1. House Joint Resolution No. 7 (1907). 2. Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 6 of the 109th General Assembly (1943). 3. House Concurrent Resolution No. 2 of the 126th General Assembly (1971). 4. House Concurrent Resolution No. 36 of the 128th General Assembly (1976). 5. House Joint Resolution No. 43 of the 128th General Assembly (1976). 6. House Concurrent Resolution No. 9 of the 129th General Assembly (1977). 7. Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 79 of the 129th General Assembly (1978). 8. House Concurrent Resolution No. 56 of the 137th General Assembly (1994); and be it further Resolved, That copies of this resolution be sent to the President and the Secretary of the United States Senate, the Speaker and the Clerk of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, members of the Delaware con-gressional delegation, and the Administrator of the United States General Services Ad-ministration. 
POM–201. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of West Vir-ginia urging the Congress of the United States, pursuant to Article V of the United States Constitution, to call a convention of the states for the sole and exclusive purpose of proposing an amendment to the United States Constitution that would provide for a balanced budget; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION 36 Whereas, Article V of the Constitution of the United States provides authority for a Convention to be called by the Congress of the United States for the purpose of pro-posing amendments to the Constitution upon application of two thirds of the Legislatures of the several states (‘‘amendments conven-tion’’); and Whereas, This application is to be consid-ered as covering the same subject matter as the presently outstanding balanced budget applications from other states, including, but not limited to, previously adopted appli-cations from Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Indi-ana, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, Nevada, North Dakota, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Nevada, North Carolina, Ohio, Penn-sylvania, South Dakota, Texas and Utah, and this application shall be aggregated with same for the purpose of attaining the two thirds of states necessary to require the call-ing of a convention, but shall not be aggre-gated with any applications on any other subject; and Whereas, This application constitutes a continuing application in accordance with Article V of the Constitution of the United States until the Legislatures of at least two thirds of the several states have made appli-cations on the same subject and supersedes all previous applications by this Legislature on the same subject: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Legislature of West Virginia: That as provided in Article V of the Con-stitution of the United States the Legisla-ture of the State of West Virginia herewith respectfully applies for an Amendments Con-vention to Propose a Constitutional Amend-ment limited to proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States requir-ing that in the absence of a national emer-gency the total of all federal appropriations made by the Congress for any fiscal year may not exceed the total of all estimated federal revenues for that fiscal year together with any related and appropriate fiscal re-straints; and be it further Resolved, That the amendments convention contemplated by this application shall be en-tirely focused upon and exclusively limited to the subject matter of proposing for ratifi-cation an amendment to the Constitution providing that in the absence of a national emergency the total of all federal appropria-tions made by the Congress for any fiscal year may not exceed the total of all esti-mated federal revenues for that fiscal year together with any related and appropriate fiscal restraints; and be it further Resolved, That this application constitutes a continuing application in accordance with Article V of the Constitution of the United States until at least two thirds of the Legis-latures of the several states have made appli-cation for an equivalently limited amend-ments convention; and be it further Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Delegates forward certified copies of this res-olution to the President and Secretary of the United States Senate, to the Speaker and Secretary of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, the members of the West Vir-ginia Congressional Delegation, and to the presiding officers of each house of the sev-eral State Legislatures, requesting their co-operation in applying for the amendments convention limited to the subject matter contemplated by this application. POM–202. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of West Vir-ginia urging the Congress of the United States, pursuant to Article V of the United States Constitution, to call a convention of the states for the sole and exclusive purpose of proposing an amendment to the United States Constitution that would provide for a balanced budget; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION 36 Whereas, Article V of the Constitution of the United States provides authority for a Convention to be called by the Congress of the United States for the purpose of pro-posing amendments to the Constitution upon application of two thirds of the Legislatures of the several states (‘‘amendments conven-tion’’); and Whereas, This application is to be consid-ered as covering the same subject matter as the presently outstanding balanced budget applications from other states, including, but not limited to, previously adopted appli-cations from Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Indi-ana, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, Nevada, North Dakota, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Nevada, North Carolina, Ohio, Penn-sylvania, South Dakota, Texas and Utah, and this application shall be aggregated with same for the purpose of attaining the two thirds of states necessary to require the call-ing of a convention, but shall not be aggre-gated with any applications on any other subject; and Whereas, This application constitutes a continuing application in accordance with Article V of the Constitution of the United States until the Legislatures of at least two thirds of the several states have made appli-cations on the same subject and supersedes all previous applications by this Legislature on the same subject: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Legislature of West Virginia: That as provided in Article V of the Con-stitution of the United States, the Legisla-ture of the State of West Virginia herewith respectfully applies for an Amendments Con-vention to Propose a Constitutional Amend-ment limited to proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States requir-ing that in the absence of a national emer-gency the total of all federal appropriations made by the Congress for any fiscal year may not exceed the total of all estimated federal revenues for that fiscal year together with any related and appropriate fiscal re-straints; and be it further Resolved, That the amendments convention contemplated by this application shall be en-tirely focused upon and exclusively limited to the subject matter of proposing for ratifi-cation an amendment to the Constitution providing that in the absence of a national emergency the total of all federal appropria-tions made by the Congress for any fiscal year may not exceed the total of all esti-mated federal revenues for that fiscal year together with any related and appropriate fiscal restraints; and be it further Resolved, That this application constitutes a continuing application in accordance with Article V of the Constitution of the United States until at least two thirds of the Legis-latures of the several states have made appli-cation for an equivalently limited amend-ments convention; and be it further Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Delegates forward certified copies of this res-olution to the President and Secretary of the United States Senate, to the Speaker and Secretary of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, the members of the West Vir-ginia Congressional Delegation, and to the presiding officers of each house of the sev-eral State Legislatures, requesting their co-operation in applying for the amendments convention limited to the subject matter contemplated by this application. POM–203. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to criminal inves-tigations; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. POM–204. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to constitutional conventions; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES DURING ADJOURNMENT Under the authority of the order of the Senate of July 14, 2016, the fol-lowing reports of committees were sub-mitted on August 30, 2016: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.023 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5278 September 6, 2016 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Report to accompany S. 461, A bill to pro-vide for alternative financing arrangements for the provision of certain services and the construction and maintenance of infrastruc-ture at land border ports of entry, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–303). Report to accompany S. 2509, A bill to im-prove the Government-wide management of Federal property (Rept. No. 114–304). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: S. 2964. A bill to eliminate or modify cer-tain mandates of the Government Account-ability Office (Rept. No. 114–305). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with amendments and an amendment to the title: S. 2967. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to require the Office of Management and Budget to execute a na-tional biodefense strategy, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–306). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment: S. 2971. A bill to authorize the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System (Rept. No. 114–307). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with amendments: S. 718. A bill to modify the boundary of Pe-tersburg National Battlefield in the Com-monwealth of Virginia, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–308). S. 1577. A bill to amend the Wild and Sce-nic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System (Rept. No. 114–309). S. 1623. A bill to establish the Maritime Washington National Heritage Area in the State of Washington, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–310). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment: S. 2360. A bill to improve the administra-tion of certain programs in the insular areas, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–311). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: H.R. 1289. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire approximately 44 acres of land in Martinez, California, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–312). H.R. 2288. A bill to remove the use restric-tions on certain land transferred to Rocking-ham County, Virginia, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–313). H.R. 2615. A bill to establish the Virgin Is-lands of the United States Centennial Com-mission (Rept. No. 114–314). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: S. 2319. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment: S. 1167. A bill to modify the boundaries of the Pole Creek Wilderness, the Owyhee River Wilderness, and the North Fork Owyhee Wil-derness and to authorize the continued use of motorized vehicles for livestock monitoring, herding, and grazing in certain wilderness areas in the State of Idaho (Rept. No. 114– 315). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 1662. A bill to include Livingston Coun-ty, the city of Jonesboro in Union County, and the city of Freeport in Stephenson Coun-ty, Illinois, to the Lincoln National Heritage Area, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114– 316). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with amendments: S. 1690. A bill to establish the Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area in the State of Washington (Rept. No. 114–317). S. 1696. A bill to redesignate the Ocmulgee National Monument in the State of Georgia, to revise the boundary of that monument, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–318). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: S. 1777. A bill to amend the Wild and Sce-nic Rivers Act to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to maintain or replace certain facilities and structures for commercial recreation services at Smith Gulch in Idaho, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–319). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 1930. A bill to adjust the boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–320). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with amendments: S. 1943. A bill to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in the State of Tennessee and Mississippi, to es-tablish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–321). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 2018. A bill to convey, without consider-ation, the reversionary interests of the United States in and to certain non-Federal land in Glennallen, Alaska (Rept. No. 114– 322). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment: S. 2087. A bill to modify the boundary of the Fort Scott National Historic Site in the State of Kansas, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–323). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 2177. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–324). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment: S. 2223. A bill to transfer administrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–325). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 2412. A bill to establish the Tule Lake National Historic Site in the State of Cali-fornia, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114– 326). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment: S. 2524. A bill to insure adequate use and access to the existing Bolts Ditch headgate and ditch segment within the Holy Cross Wilderness in Eagle County, Colorado, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–327) . By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 2608. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to place signage on Federal land along the trail known as the ‘‘American Discovery Trail’’, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114– 328). S. 2620. A bill to facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville Na-tional Historical Park, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–329). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment: S. 2805. A bill to modify the boundary of Voyageurs National Park in the State of Minnesota, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–330). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 2839. A bill to amend the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the author-ization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Her-itage Corridor Commission (Rept. No. 114– 331). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: S. 2954. A bill to establish the Ste. Gene-vieve National Historic Site in the State of Missouri, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–332). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 3020. A bill to update the map of, and modify the acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument (Rept. No. 114–333). S. 3027. A bill to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–334). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: H.R. 959. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–335). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Report to accompany H.R. 1475, a bill to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund that Wall of Remembrance (Rept. No. 114– 336). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: H.R. 2880. A bill to redesignate the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–337). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Report to accompany H.R. 3004, a bill to amend the Gullah Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission (Rept. No. 114–338). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: H.R. 3620. A bill to amend the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Im-provement Act to provide access to certain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.043 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5279 September 6, 2016 
vehicles serving residents of municipalities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap Na-tional Recreation Area, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–339). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with amendments: H.R. 4119. A bill to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore, Jackson County, Mis-sissippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–340). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: H.R. 4539. A bill to establish the 400 Years of African-American History Commission, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–341). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1818. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to reform the rule making proc-ess of agencies (Rept. No. 114–342). S. 1820. A bill to require agencies to pub-lish an advance notice of proposed rule mak-ing for major rules (Rept. No. 114–343). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: S. 2970. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law enforcement availability pay to employees of the Air and Marine Operations of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection (Rept. No. 114–344). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CRUZ: S. 3284. A bill to oppose loans at inter-national financial institutions for the Gov-ernment of Nicaragua unless the Govern-ment of Nicaragua is taking effective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. K
IRK, Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. S COTT, Mr. B
URR, Mr. J OHNSON , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. P ERDUE , Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. S
ESSIONS , and Mr. D AINES ): S. 3285. A bill to prohibit the President from using funds appropriated under section 1304 of title 31, United States Code, to make payments to Iran, to impose sanctions with respect to Iranian persons that hold or de-tain United States citizens, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. RUBIO: S. 3286. A bill to prohibit the issuing of li-censes for the export or reexport of aircraft and related parts and services to Iran; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. D
UR-
BIN): S. 3287. A bill to establish the Bronzeville- Black Metropolis National Heritage Area in the State of Illinois, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ): S. 3288. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to exempt certain recipients of Department of Agriculture conservation as-sistance from certain reporting require-ments, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. MENENDEZ ): S. 3289. A bill to prohibit scheduled pas-senger air transportation between the United States and Cuba until a study has been com-pleted regarding security measures and equipment at Cuba’s airports and certain agreements have been established with the Government of Cuba, to amend title 49, United States Code, to clarify the role of the Secretary of Homeland Security regarding security standards at foreign airports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 17 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 17, a bill to repeal the provi-sion of law that provides automatic pay adjustments for Members of Con-gress. 
S. 31 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 31, a bill to amend part D of title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-quire the Secretary of Health and Human Services to negotiate covered part D drug prices on behalf of Medi-care beneficiaries. 
S. 134 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 134, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to exclude industrial hemp from the definition of marihuana, and for other purposes. 
S. 198 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 198, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to mod-ify the rules relating to inverted cor-porations. 
S. 271 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 271, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit certain retired members of the uniformed services who have a service-connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for their disability and either re-tired pay by reason of their years of military service or Combat-Related Special Compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 377 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 377, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to increase ac-cess to ambulance services under the Medicare program and to reform pay-ments for such services under such pro-gram, and for other purposes. S. 488 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 488, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physi-cian assistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse specialists to super-vise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pul-monary rehabilitation programs. 
S. 591 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 591, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently ex-tend the new markets tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 1082 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1082, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes. 
S. 1205 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1205, a bill to designate the same indi-vidual serving as the Chief Nurse Offi-cer of the Public Health Service as the National Nurse for Public Health. 
S. 1345 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1345, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve ac-cess to diabetes self-management training by authorizing certified diabe-tes educators to provide diabetes self- management training services, includ-ing as part of telehealth services, under part B of the Medicare program. 
S. 1688 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1688, a bill to provide for the admission of the State of New Columbia into the Union. 
S. 1865 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1865, a bill to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act with respect to eating disorders, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1982, a bill to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance. 
S. 2031 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from California 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.044 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5280 September 6, 2016 
(Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2031, a bill to reduce tem-porarily the royalty required to be paid for sodium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes. 
S. 2217 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from Wis-consin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2217, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve and clarify certain disclo-sure requirements for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring pro-ceedings under section 403A. 
S. 2373 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) and the Senator from Ar-kansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2373, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 2427 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2427, a bill to prohibit dis-crimination against individuals with disabilities who need long-term serv-ices and supports, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2484 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) and the Senator from Col-orado (Mr. B
ENNET ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2484, a bill to amend ti-tles XVIII and XI of the Social Secu-rity Act to promote cost savings and quality care under the Medicare pro-gram through the use of telehealth and remote patient monitoring services, and for other purposes. 
S. 2531 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. M
CCONNELL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2531, a bill to authorize State and local governments to divest from enti-ties that engage in commerce-related or investment-related boycott, divest-ment, or sanctions activities targeting Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2595 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2595, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 2645 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANT-WELL ), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Sen-ator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2645, a bill to impose sanctions with re-spect to foreign persons responsible for gross violations of internationally rec-ognized human rights against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender individ-uals, and for other purposes. 
S. 2659 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) were added as cosponsors of S. 2659, a bill to reaf-firm that the Environmental Protec-tion Agency cannot regulate vehicles used solely for competition, and for other purposes. 
S. 2702 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2702, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow individ-uals with disabilities to save additional amounts in their ABLE accounts above the current annual maximum contribu-tion if they work and earn income. 
S. 2711 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2711, a bill to expand oppor-tunity for Native American children through additional options in edu-cation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2763 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2763, a bill to provide the victims of Holocaust-era persecution and their heirs a fair opportunity to recover works of art confiscated or misappro-priated by the Nazis. 
S. 2782 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2782, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the participation of pediatric sub-specialists in the National Health Serv-ice Corps program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2912 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2912, a bill to authorize the use of unapproved medical products by pa-tients diagnosed with a terminal ill-ness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2921 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2921, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the account-ability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to improve health care and benefits for veterans, and for other purposes. S. 2927 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2927, a bill to prevent govern-mental discrimination against pro-viders of health services who decline involvement in abortion, and for other purposes. 
S. 2932 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2932, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act with respect to the pro-vision of emergency medical services. 
S. 2944 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2944, a bill to require ade-quate reporting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefit program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2951 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2951, a bill to amend the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 to impose pen-alties and provide for the recovery of removal costs and damages in connec-tion with certain discharges of oil from foreign offshore units, and for other purposes. 
S. 2962 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. B
OXER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2962, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-form the low-income housing credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 3031 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3031, a bill to require cer-tain standards and enforcement provi-sions to prevent child abuse and ne-glect in residential programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 3106 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3106, a bill to provide a coordi-nated regional response to effectively manage the endemic violence and hu-manitarian crisis in El Salvador, Gua-temala, and Honduras. 
S. 3124 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3124, a bill to require U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement to take into custody certain aliens who have been charged in the United States with a crime that resulted in the death or serious bodily injury of another per-son, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.046 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5281 September 6, 2016 
S. 3130 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3130, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a permanent Independence at Home med-ical practice program under the Medi-care program. 
S. 3155 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Min-nesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3155, a bill to amend chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, to clarify the exception to for-eign sovereign immunity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title. 
S. 3169 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3169, a bill to support basic energy research and eliminate the wind pro-duction tax credit. 
S. 3184 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from Ne-braska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY) were added as cosponsors of S. 3184, a bill to protect law enforcement officers, and for other purposes. 
S. 3198 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3198, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care serv-ices for veterans. 
S. 3237 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3237, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform the low-income housing credit, and for other purposes. S. 3244 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3244, a bill to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Serv-ice Act to clarify the treatment of pe-diatric dental coverage in the indi-vidual and group markets outside of Exchanges established under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 3252 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3252, a bill to require States to automatically register eligible voters to vote in elections for Federal office, and for other purposes. 
S. 3256 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3256, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to pro-vide assistance for developing coun-tries to promote quality basic edu-cation and to establish the goal of all children in school and learning as an objective of the United States foreign assistance policy, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3281 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3281, a bill to extend the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996. 
S.J. RES. 35 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), the Sen-ator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 35, a joint resolution providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Interpretation of the ‘Ad-vice’ Exemption in Section 203(c) of the Labor-Management Reporting and Dis-closure Act’’. S. RES. 426 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 426, a resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Senate that the United States should support and protect the right of women working in developing countries to safe work-places, free from gender-based violence, reprisals, and intimidation. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4978. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5293, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4978. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5293, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. Upon a determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Sec-retary may transfer working capital funds of the Department of Defense, and amounts ap-propriated or otherwise made available by this Act, to and among appropriate accounts of the Department of Defense in order to pro-vide funds for the following: (1) Operations to counter or control the Zika Virus. (2) Research, development, test, and eval-uation of medical items related to the Zika Virus. 
h 
FOREIGN TRAVEL FINANCIAL REPORTS In accordance with the appropriate provisions of law, the Secretary of the Senate herewith submits the following re-ports for standing committees of the Senate, certain joint committees of the Congress, delegations and groups, and select and special committees of the Senate, relating to expenses incurred in the performance of authorized foreign travel: CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Adam Yezerski: Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 399.21 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 399.21 Macedonia ................................................................................................. Dinar ................ ..................................... .................... 508.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 508.00 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 178.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 178.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,451.06 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,451.06 Jason Wheelock: El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 438.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 438.00 Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 695.00 .................... 272.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 967.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,297.16 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,297.16 Paul Grove: Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 152.00 .................... 3,975.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 4,127.00 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 355.41 .................... 121.83 .................... ............. ....... .................... 477.24 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 569.33 .................... 563.80 .................... ........... ......... .................... 1,133.13 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,780.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,780.36 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.047 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5282 September 6, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Heideh Shahmoradi: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,336.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,336.00 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 1,077.50 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,077.50 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 603.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 603.00 Senator Lamar Alexander: Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 407.27 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 407.27 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 1,055.60 .................... 1,306.56 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,362.16 Botswana .................................................................................................. Pula ................. ..................................... .................... 333.50 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 333.50 Cape Verde ............................................................................................... Escudo ................ .................................. .................... 160.00 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 160.00 Sarah Fairchild: Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 407.27 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 407.27 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 1,010.86 .................... 1,306.56 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,317.42 Botswana .................................................................................................. Pula ................. ..................................... .................... 314.50 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 314.50 Cape Verde ............................................................................................... Escudo ................ .................................. .................... 160.00 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 160.00 Senator Richard Durbin: Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 363.97 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 363.97 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 936.66 .................... 1,306.56 .................... ............... ..... .................... 2,243.22 Botswana .................................................................................................. Pula ................. ..................................... .................... 297.50 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 297.50 Cape Verde ............................................................................................... Escudo ................ .................................. .................... 160.00 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 160.00 Brian Potts: China ........................................................................................................ Yuan .............. ....................................... .................... 1,055.43 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,055.43 Jacqueline Russell: China ........................................................................................................ Yuan .............. ....................................... .................... 1,055.43 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,055.43 Wallace Hsueh: China ........................................................................................................ Yuan .............. ....................................... .................... 1,055.43 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,055.43 Senator Steve Daines: China ........................................................................................................ Yuan .............. ....................................... .................... 1,055.43 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,055.43 Senator Shelley Moore Capito: China ........................................................................................................ Yuan .............. ....................................... .................... 1,055.43 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,055.43 Kay Webber: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,336.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,336.00 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 555.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 555.00 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 603.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 603.00 Senator Thad Cochran: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,336.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,336.00 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 1,077.50 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,077.50 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 603.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 603.00 Linda Good: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,336.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,336.00 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 1,077.50 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,077.50 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 603.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 603.00 * Delegation Expenses: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ...............
........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 5,413.72 .................... 5,413.72 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 2,368.60 .................... 2,368.60 Australia ................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 2,736.64 .................... 2,736.64 * Delegation Expenses: Macedonia ................................................................................................. Dinar ................ ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 60.00 .................... 60.00 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 473.00 .................... 473.00 Greeece ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 852.00 .................... 852.00 * Delegation Expenses: Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 1,460.70 .................... 1,460.70 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,545.79 .................... 4, 321.62 .................... 7,867.41 Botswana .................................................................................................. Pula ................. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 448.89 .................... 448.89 Cape Verde ............................................................................................... Escudo ................ .................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 2,487.00 .................... 2,487.00 * Delegation Expenses Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 656.33 .................... 656.33 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 56.24 .................... 56.24 * Delegation Expenses: China ........................................................................................................ Yuan .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 3,298.30 .................... 3,298.30 * Delegation Expenses: El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 580.00 .................... 580.00 Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,070.33 .................... 1,070.33 
Total: .................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 25,722.73 .................... 25,926.68 .................... 26,28 3.37 .................... 77,932.78 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR THAD COCHRAN,Chairman, Committee on Appropriations, July 27, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Claire McCaskill: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 465.61 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 465.61 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 151.80 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 151.80 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 485.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 485.00 Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 112.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 112.00 Jason Rauch: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 479.61 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 479.61 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 195.80 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 195.80 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 485.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 485.00 Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 178.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 178.00 * Delegation Expenses: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 27.23 .................... 27.23 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 87.17 .................... 7 3.65 .................... 160.82 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... 232.44 .................... 641 .59 .................... 874.03 Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,301.50 ................. ... .................... .................... 1,301.50 Senator Joe Donnelly: Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 473.66 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 473.66 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 168.69 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 168.69 Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 460.99 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 460.99 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 316.43 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 316.43 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 148.29 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 148.29 Rachel Lipsey: Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 473.66 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 473.66 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 168.69 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 168.69 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.054 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5283 September 6, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 460.99 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 460.99 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 316.43 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 316.43 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 148.29 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 148.29 Carolyn Chuhta: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 4,099.96 .................... 4,099.96 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 621.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 621.00 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 338.64 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 338.64 * Delegation Expenses: Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 4,518.97 .................... 4,518.97 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 441.23 .................... 441.23 Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 269.01 .................... 269.01 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,800.00 ................ .... .................... .................... 1,800.00 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... 97.37 .................... 72.77 .................... 170.14 Senator Lindsey Graham: Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 496.64 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 496.64 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 449.85 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 449.85 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 452.32 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 452.32 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 430.20 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 430.20 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 340.85 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 340.85 Craig Abele: Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 496.38 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 496.38 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 438.45 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 438.45 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 452.32 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 452.32 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 410.20 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 410.20 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 324.85 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 324.85 Alice James: Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 496.64 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 496.64 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 448.95 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 448.95 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 452.32 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 452.32 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 430.20 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 430.20 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 340.85 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 340.85 Scott Jaillette: Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 496.64 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 496.64 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 458.45 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 458.45 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 469.32 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 469.32 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 410.20 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 410.20 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 334.85 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 334.85 Senator Thom Tillis: Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ......
..................................... .................... 605.28 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 605.28 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 567.89 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 567.89 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 690.76 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 690.76 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 421.64 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 421.64 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 465.29 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 465.29 Robert Wikie: Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 447.72 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 447.72 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 410.33 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 410.33 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 533.20 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 533.20 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 264.08 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 264.08 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 310.69 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 310.69 * Delegation Expenses: Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 3,366.65 .................... 3,366.65 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 2,263.50 .................... 2,263.50 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 4,265.60 .................... 4,265.60 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 1,582.50 .................... 1,582.50 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,781.39 .................... 1,781.39 Senator Mike Lee: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,046.76 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,046.76 Allyson Bell: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 942.16 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 942.16 * Delegation Expenses: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... .................... .................... 872.50 .................... 594. 09 .................... 1,466.59 Senator John McCain: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,519.96 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,519.96 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,245.57 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,245.57 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 327.80 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 327.80 David Eric Sayers: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,616.33 .................... . ................... .................... 17,616.33 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,460.36 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,460.36 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 368.01 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 368.01 Dustin Walker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,616.32 .................... . ................... .................... 17,616.32 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,323.95 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,323.95 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 309.02 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 309.02 Senator Lindsey Graham: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,185.76 .................... . ................... .................... 17,185.76 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,822.59 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,822.59 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 458.56 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 458.56 Reece Pelley: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,990.76 .................... .
................... .................... 18,990.76 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 2,076.10 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,076.10 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 418.38 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 418.38 Senator Tom Cotton: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,560.16 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,560.16 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,299.67 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,299.67 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 335.97 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 335.97 Thomas Brady: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,924.18 .................... . ................... .................... 19,924.18 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,425.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,425.00 * Delegation Expenses: Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 931.00 .................... 931.00 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 1,776.43 .................. .. .................... .................... 1,776.43 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 519.64 .................... 519.64 Senator Dan Sullivan: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 231.54 .................... .... ................ .................... 231.54 Republic of Korea ..................................................................................... Won ...................... ................................. .................... 830.87 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 830.87 Myanmar ................................................................................................... Kyat ................. ..................................... .................... 424.98 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 424.98 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 413.06 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 413.06 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 349.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 349.00 Jason Suslavich: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 240.66 .................... .... ................ .................... 240.66 Republic of Korea ..................................................................................... Won ...................... ................................. .................... 733.76 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 733.76 Myanmar ................................................................................................... Kyat ................. ..................................... .................... 396.20 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 396.20 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 476.05 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 476.05 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 349.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 349.00 Senator Joni Ernst: Republic of Korea ..................................................................................... Won ...................... ................................. .................... 804.61 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 804.61 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.054 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5284 September 6, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Myanmar ................................................................................................... Kyat ................. ..................................... .................... 545.83 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 545.83 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 732.12 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 732.12 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 235.32 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 235.32 David Eric Sayers: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,490.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,490.00 Republic of Korea ..................................................................................... Won ...................... ................................. .................... 933.22 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 933.22 * Delegation Expenses: Republic of Korea ..................................................................................... Won ...................... ................................. .................... .................... .................... 2,271.41 .................... ..... ............... .................... 2,271.41 Myanmar ................................................................................................... Kyat ................. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 733.33 .................... 733.33 Adam Barker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 24,390.70 .................... . ................... .................... 24,390.70 Senegal ..................................................................................................... Franc .............. ...................................... .................... 484.68 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 484.68 Mali ........................................................................................................... Franc ........... ......................................... .................... 141.80 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 141.80 * Delegation Expenses: Senegal ..................................................................................................... Franc .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 117.37 .................... 117.37 Senator Lindsey Graham: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,933.86 .................... . ................... .................... 13,933.86 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 157.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 157.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 42,863.34 .................... 161,139.05 .................... 26,2 99.48 .................... 230,301.87 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JOHN MCCAIN,Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, July 27, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Kaitlin Vogt: South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 1,866.00 .................... 879.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 2,745.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,866.00 .................... 879.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 2,745.00 
SENATOR MICHAEL ENZI,Chairman, Committee on the Budget, July 26, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE, SCIENCE, AND TRANSPORTATION FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1, TO JUNE 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Deb Fisher: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,270.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,270.00 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 1,467.20 .................... 1,467.20 Senator Deb Fisher: South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 1,077.50 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,077.50 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 693.49 .................... 1,467.20 Senator Deb Fisher: Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 1,579.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,579.00 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 912.24 .................... 912.24 Robert Fraser: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,336.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,336.00 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 1,467.18 .................... 1,467.18 Robert Fraser: South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 1,077.50 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,077.50 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 693.48 .................... 693.48 Robert Fraser: Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 603.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 603.00 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 912.22 .................... 912.22 Joseph Hack: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,336.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,336.00 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 1,467.18 .................... 1,467.18 Joseph Hack: South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 1,077.50 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,077.50 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 693.48 .................... 693.48 Joseph Hack: Austrailia .................................................................................................. Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 603.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 603.00 * Delegation Expenses ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 912.22 .................... 912.22 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 9,959.50 .................... .................... ................ .... 9,218.69 .................... 19,178.19 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JOHN THUNE, Chairman, Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, August 1, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Debbie Stabenow: Austria ...................................................................................................... Schilling ......... ...................................... .................... 421.68 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 421.68 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.054 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5285 September 6, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 241.41 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 241.41 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 457.19 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 457.19 Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 140.34 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 140.34 Emily Carwell: Austria ...................................................................................................... Schilling ......... ...................................... .................... 421.68 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 421.68 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 279.41 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 279.41 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 488.90 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 488.90 Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 197.63 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 197.63 * Delegation Expenses: Austria ...................................................................................................... Schilling ......... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 27.24 .................... 27.24 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 160.82 .................... 160.82 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 874.04 .................... 874.04 Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 523.66 .................... 523.66 Jason Thielman: China ........................................................................................................ Yuan .............. ....................................... .................... 779.43 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 779.43 * Delegation Expenses: China ........................................................................................................ Yuan .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 659.57 .................... 659.57 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 3,427.67 .................... .................... ................ .... 2,245.33 .................... 5,673.00 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR LISA MURKOWSKI,Chairman, Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, July 8, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC WORKS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator John Barrasso: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,270.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,270.00 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 1,077.50 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,077.50 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 603.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 603.00 Alexander Herrgott: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,336.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,336.00 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 1,077.50 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,077.50 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 603.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 603.00 Dustin Vaughan: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,336.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,336.00 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 1,077.50 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,077.50 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 603.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 603.00 * Delegation Expenses: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 4,401.57 .................... 4,401.57 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 2,080.42 .................... 2,080.42 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 2,736.67 .................... 2,736.67 
Totals ................................................................................................... ...................... ......................................... .................... 8,983.50 .................... .................... ................. ... 9,218.66 .................... 18,202.16 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JAMES INHOFE, Chairman, Committee on Environment & Public Works, July 26, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator John Barrasso: Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,151.38 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,151.38 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 427.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 427.82 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,264.96 .................... . ................... .................... 14,264.96 * Delegation Expenses: Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 116.37 .................... 116.37 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 177.64 .................... 177.64 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 57.73 .................... 57.73 Senator Ben Cardin: India .......................................................................................................... Rupees .......... ........................................ .................... 1,099.72 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,099.72 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ British Pounds ........... ........................... .................... 935.16 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 935.16 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,958.13 .................... . ................... .................... 10,958.13 Debbie Yamada: India .......................................................................................................... Rupees .......... ........................................ .................... 1,077.39 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,077.39 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ British Pounds ........... ........................... .................... 921.35 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 921.35 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,958.13 .................... . ................... .................... 10,958.13 Damian Murphy: India .......................................................................................................... Rupees .......... ........................................ .................... 1,026.18 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,026.18 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ British Pounds ........... ........................... .................... 816.16 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 816.16 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 14,284.23 .................... 14,284.23 * Delegation Expenses: India .......................................................................................................... Rupees .......... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 2,027.17 .................... 2,027.17 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ British Pounds ........... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,665.54 .................... 1.665.54 Senator Christopher Coons: South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 1,349.19 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,349.19 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,816.66 .................... . ................... .................... 15,816.66 Thomas Mancinelli: South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 1,349.19 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,349.19 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,163.43 .................... . ................... .................... 12,163.43 * Delegation Expenses: South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 454.80 .................... 454.80 Senator Cory Gardner: Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 776.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 776.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.054 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5286 September 6, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Burma ....................................................................................................... Kyat ............... ....................................... .................... 526.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 526.00 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 681.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 681.00 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 279.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 279.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 20,740.62 .................... . ................... .................... 20,740.62 Curtis Swager: Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 885.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 885.00 Burma ....................................................................................................... Kyat ............... ....................................... .................... 635.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 635.00 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 861.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 861.00 Burma ....................................................................................................... Kyat ............... ....................................... .................... 635.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 635.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,802.76 .................... . ................... .................... 17,802.76 * Delegation Expenses: Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 945.50 .................... 945.50 Burma ....................................................................................................... Kyat ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,116.00 .................... 1,116.00 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 640.40 .................... 640.40 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 177.64 .................... 177.64 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 57.73 .................... 57.73 Senator Christopher Murphy: Slovakia .................................................................................................... Euros .............. ...................................... .................... 768.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 768.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,187.06 .................... . ................... .................... 11,187.06 Jessica Elledge: Slovakia .................................................................................................... Euros .............. ...................................... .................... 865.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 865.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,913.16 .................... . ................... .................... 11,913.16 * Delegation Expenses: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 2,196.00 .................... 2,196.00 Senator David Perdue: Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 616.75 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 616.75 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 398.43 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 398.43 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 277.89 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 277.89 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 627.25 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 627.25 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 381.56 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 381.56 Caitlin Poling: Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 634.26 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 634.26 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 399.08 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 399.08 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 277.47 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 277.47 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 546.96 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 546.96 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 385.48 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 385.48 * Delegation Expenses: Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,122.06 .................... 1,122.06 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 754.50 .................... 754.50 
Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 446.48 .................... 446.48 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,421.86 .................... 1,421.86 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 593.79 .................... 593.79 Senator Marco Rubio: Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 339.39 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 339.39 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,548.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,548.36 Viviana Bovo: Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 371.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 371.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,548.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,548.36 * Delegation Expenses: Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 1,959.00 .................... 1,959.00 Christopher E. Barr: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 1,654.92 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,654.92 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,628.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,628.96 Charlotte Oldham Moore: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 1,654.92 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,654.92 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,628.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,628.86 * Delegation Expenses: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 421.80 .................... 421.80 Joseph Curtsinger: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 362.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 362.00 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 63.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 63.00 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,534.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,534.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,062.19 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,062.19 Stacie Oliver: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 314.41 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 314.41 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 106.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 106.00 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,370.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,370.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,062.19 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,062.19 * Delegation Expenses: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 290.98 .................... 290.98 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,800.00 ................ .... .................... .................... 6,800.00 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,028.33 .................... 1,028.33 Joe Curtsinger: Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 1,449.69 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,449.69 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,267.56 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,267.56 Stacie Oliver: Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 1,292.36 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,292.36 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,262.56 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,262.56 * Delegation Expenses: Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,022.63 .................... 1,022.63 Sarah Downs: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar .............
........................................ .................... 503.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 503.50 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euros ............. ....................................... .................... 422.79 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 422.79 Cyprus ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 258.62 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 258.62 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,510.26 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,510.26 Caleb McCarry: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 594.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 594.82 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 422.79 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 422.79 Cyprus ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 258.62 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 258.62 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,510.26 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,510.26 Sarah Ramig: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 544.64 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 544.64 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 307.16 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 307.16 Cyprus ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 319.29 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 319.29 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,452.93 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,452.93 Todd Womack: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 660.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 660.82 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 401.53 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 401.53 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,305.76 .................... . ................... .................... 18,305.76 * Delegation Expenses: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 254.51 .................... 254.51 Lebanon .................................................................................................... Lebanese Pound ...... ............................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 1,015.36 .................... 1,015.36 Brooke Eisele: Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 1,009.86 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,009.86 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,524.96 .................... . ................... .................... 11,524.96 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.054 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5287 September 6, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
* Delegation Expenses: Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 561.05 .................... 561.05 Jamie Fly: Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 357.37 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 357.37 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 19.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 19.00 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 552.74 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 552.74 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,981.37 .................... . ................... .................... 17,981.37 * Delegation Expenses: Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 50.22 .................... 50.22 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 600.00 .................. .. .................... .................... 600.00 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 19.45 .................... 19.45 Christopher Ford: Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 1,366.69 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,366.69 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,019.76 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,019.76 * Delegation Expenses: Colombia ................................................................................................... Peso ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,340.00 .................... 1,340.00 Carolyn Leddy: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 954.94 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 954.94 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 416.99 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 416.99 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,232.46 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,232.46 Igor Khrestin: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 938.46 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 938.46 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 405.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 405.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,663.06 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,663.06 Rolfe Michael Schiffer: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 996.38 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 996.38 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 352.68 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 352.68 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,198.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,198.36 Margaret Taylor: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,045.02 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,045.02 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 442.43 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 442.43 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,198.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,198.36 * Delegation Expenses: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 655.52 .................... 655.52 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 526.80 .................... 526.80 Caleb McCarry: Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 888.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 888.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 962.72 .................... .... ................ .................... 962.72 * Delegation Expenses: Cuba ......................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 100.00 .................... 100.00 Damian Murphy: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 679.22 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 679.22 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ British Pound ............
........................... .................... 983.11 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 983.11 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,717.76 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,717.76 Lowell Schwartz: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 699.22 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 699.22 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ British Pound ............ ........................... .................... 1,005.11 .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 1,005.11 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 699.22 .................... 2,717.76 .................... ............... ..... .................... 3,416.98 David Andrew Olson: Liberia ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 610.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 610.00 Cote D’Ivoire ............................................................................................. Central African Franc .......................... .................... 650.95 .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... 650.95 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,934.16 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,934.16 Morgan Vina: Liberia ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 761.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 761.00 Cote D’Ivoire ............................................................................................. Central African Franc .......................... .................... 550.58 .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... 550.58 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,934.16 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,934.16 * Delegation Expenses: Liberia ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 50.38 .................... 50.38 Cote D’Ivoire ............................................................................................. Central African Franc .......................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 6 52.00 .................... 652.00 Sarah Osborn: South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 729.45 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 729.45 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,000.56 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,000.96 * Delegation Expenses: South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... 239.11 .................... .... ................ .................... 239.11 Michael Phelan: South Sudan ............................................................................................. South Sudan Pound ...... ....................... .................... 345.00 .................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... 345.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,477.88 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,477.88 * Delegation Expenses: South Sudan ............................................................................................. South Sudan Pound ...... ....................... .................... .................... .................... 5,000.56 .................... ............... ..... .................... 5,000.56 Rolfe Michael Schiffer: Laos .......................................................................................................... Kip .............. .......................................... .................... 585.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 585.00 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,418.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,418.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,886.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,886.00 * Delegation Expenses: Laos .......................................................................................................... Kip .............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 2,803.00 .................... 2,803.00 Brandon Yoder: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,192.90 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,192.90 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,378.10 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,378.10 * Delegation Expenses: Peso ...................................................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 681.00 .................... 681.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 57,470.26 .................... 277,060.16 .................... 41,6 87.47 .................... 376,217.89 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR BOB CORKER, Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, July 27, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY & GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Brooke Ericson: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,261.26 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,261.26 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 510.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 510.82 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 612.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 612.00 Jose Bautista: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,916.06 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,916.06 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.054 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5288 September 6, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY & GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 585.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 585.82 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 558.18 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 558.18 Elizabeth McWhorter: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,047.52 .................... . ................... .................... 12,047.52 Saudi Arbia ............................................................................................... Riyal ................ ..................................... .................... 918.66 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 918.66 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 1,023.95 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,023.95 Harlan Geer: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,047.52 .................... . ................... .................... 12,047.52 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 918.66 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 918.66 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 1,231.43 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,231.43 Senator Thomas R. Carper: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 94.00 .................... ..... ............... .................... 94.00 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 132.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 132.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 6,491.52 .................... 29,366.36 .................... ...... .............. .................... 35,857.88 
SENATOR RON JOHNSON, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs, August 5, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator John Cornyn: Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 2,042.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 2,042.00 Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 892.62 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 892.62 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 598.88 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 598.88 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 812.00 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 812.00 David Hanke: Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 647.11 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 647.11 Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 733.01 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 733.01 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 495.94 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 495.94 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 734.60 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 734.60 * Delegation Expenses: Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,120.41 .................... 1,120.41 Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 454.36 .................... 454.36 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 435.46 .................... 435.46 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 1,013.70 .................... 1,013.70 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 6,956.16 .................... .................... ................ .... 3,023.93 .................... 9,980.09 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR CHUCK GRASSLEY,Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary,July 27, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Mike Enzi: Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 358.58 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 358.58 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 1,299.73 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,299.73 Botswana .................................................................................................. Pula ................. ..................................... .................... 270.39 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 270.39 Cape Verde ............................................................................................... CVE ................... .................................... .................... 151.24 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 151.24 Tara Shaw: Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 340.69 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 340.69 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 1,310.68 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,310.68 Botswana .................................................................................................. Pula ................. ..................................... .................... 266.52 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 266.52 Cape Verde ............................................................................................... CVE ................... .................................... .................... 151.24 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 151.24 David Cleary: Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 358.51 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 358.51 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 1,323.62 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,323.62 Botswana .................................................................................................. Pula ................. ..................................... .................... 288.84 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 288.84 Cape Verde ............................................................................................... CVE ................... .................................... .................... 151.24 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 151.24 * Delegation Expenses: Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 1,460.71 .................... 1,460.71 South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,545.79 .................... 4, 333.62 .................... 7,879.41 Botswana .................................................................................................. Pula ................. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 448.88 .................... 448.88 Cape Verde ............................................................................................... CVE ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 282.21 .................... 282.21 Laura Pence: South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 591.49 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 591.49 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 6,862.77 .................... 3,545.79 .................... 6,525.4 2 .................... 16,933.98 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under the authority of Sec. 502(b) of the M utual Security Act of 1954, as amended by Sec. 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179, agree to May 25, 1977. SENATOR LAMAR ALEXANDER, Chairman, Committee on, Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, Aug. 4, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.054 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5289 September 6, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), SENATE SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Chris Joyner ....................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 1,994.25 .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,161.00 .................... 3,155.25 ............................................................... .................... 355.49 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 355.49 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,1 28.96 .................... .................... .................... 10,128.96 Mike Casey ........................................................................................................ ............. .................................................. .................... 1,994.25 .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,161.00 .................... 3,155.25 ............................................................... .................... 355.49 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 355.49 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,1 28.96 .................... .................... .................... 10,128.96 Christian Cook ................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 1,994.25 .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,161.00 .................... 3,155.25 ............................................................... .................... 355.49 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 355.49 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,1 28.96 .................... .................... .................... 10,128.96 Senator Marco Rubio ......................................................................................... ................... ............................................ .................... 437.00 .................... .................... ................ .... 51.00 .................... 488.00 ............................................................... .................... 176.00 .................... 600.00 .......... .......... .................... .................... 776.00 ............................................................... .................... 667.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 667.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 21,5 02.37 .................... .................... .................... 21,502.37 Brian Walsh ....................................................................................................... ............. .................................................. .................... 437.00 .................... .................... .......... .......... 51.00 .................... 488.00 ............................................................... .................... 176.00 .................... 600.00 .......... .......... .................... .................... 776.00 ............................................................... .................... 667.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 667.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,1 91.37 .................... .................... .................... 19,191.37 John Rosenwasser ............................................................................................. .................. ............................................. .................... 714.80 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 714.80 ............................................................... .................... 441.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 441.00 ............................................................... .................... 1,080.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,080.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,7 16.20 .................... .................... .................... 17,716.20 Jim Catella ........................................................................................................ ............ ................................................... .................... 714.80 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 714.80 ............................................................... .................... 441.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 441.00 ............................................................... .................... 1,081.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,081.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,7 16.20 .................... .................... .................... 17,716.20 Hayden Milberg .................................................................................................. ............... ................................................ .................... 714.80 .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... 714.80 ............................................................... .................... 441.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 441.00 ............................................................... .................... 1,018.66 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,018.66 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,8 42.00 .................... .................... .................... 13,842.00 Nate Adler .......................................................................................................... ........... .................................................... .................... 1,009.00 .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,009.00 ............................................................... .................... 802.18 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 802.18 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,7 47.06 .................... .................... .................... 14,747.06 John Matchison .................................................................................................. ............... ................................................ .................... 1,009.00 .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... 1,009.00 ............................................................... .................... 802.18 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 802.18 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,7 47.06 .................... .................... .................... 14,747.06 Ryan Tully .......................................................................................................... ........... .................................................... .................... 1,009.00 .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,009.00 ............................................................... .................... 802.18 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 802.18 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,7 47.06 .................... .................... .................... 14,747.06 Chad Tanner ...................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 1,009.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 1,009.00 ............................................................... .................... 802.18 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 802.18 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,7 47.06 .................... .................... .................... 14,747.06 Emily Harding .................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 225.00 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... 225.00 ............................................................... .................... 191.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 191.00 ............................................................... .................... 1,287.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 866.00 .................... 2,153.00 
............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,05 3.00 .................... .................... .................... 8,053.00 Brian Miller ........................................................................................................ ........... .................................................... .................... 225.00 .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... 225.00 ............................................................... .................... 191.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 191.00 ............................................................... .................... 1,287.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 866.00 .................... 2,153.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,05 3.00 .................... .................... .................... 8,053.00 Tara McFeely ...................................................................................................... ............. .................................................. .................... 191.00 .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... 191.00 ............................................................... .................... 1,287.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 866.00 .................... 2,153.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,62 1.00 .................... .................... .................... 5,621.00 Nick Basciano .................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 225.00 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... 225.00 ............................................................... .................... 191.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 191.00 ............................................................... .................... 1,287.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 866.00 .................... 2,153.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,05 3.00 .................... .................... .................... 8,053.00 Senator Marco Rubio ......................................................................................... ................... ............................................ .................... 437.00 .................... .................... ................ .... 51.00 .................... 488.00 ............................................................... .................... 176.00 .................... 600.00 .......... .......... .................... .................... 776.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 145.00 .................... 145.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 21,5 02.37 .................... .................... .................... 21,502.37 Brian Walsh ....................................................................................................... ............. .................................................. .................... 437.00 .................... .................... .......... .......... 51.00 .................... 488.00 ............................................................... .................... 176.00 .................... 600.00 .......... .......... .................... .................... 776.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 145.00 .................... 145.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,7 91.37 .................... .................... .................... 19,791.37 Mike Geffroy ....................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,470.00 ....... ............. .................... .................... 1,470.00 Brett Freedman .................................................................................................. ............... ................................................ .................... .................... .................... 1,470.00 .......... .......... .................... .................... 1,470.00 Ryan Tully .......................................................................................................... ........... .................................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,470.00 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,470.00 Christian Cook ................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 1,218.29 .................... .................... ......... ........... 654.00 .................... 1,872.29 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,12 8.00 .................... .................... .................... 2,128.00 John Matchison .................................................................................................. ............... ................................................ .................... 1,218.29 .................... .................... .......... .......... 654.00 .................... 1,872.29 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,12 8.00 .................... .................... .................... 2,128.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 33,750.58 .................... 261,483.00 .................... 8,74 9.00 .................... 303,982.58 
SENATOR RICHARD BURR, Chairman, Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, Aug. 3, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Amb. David Killion: Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... 1,152.91 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,152.91 Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 3,231.52 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 3,231.52 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,795.06 .................... . ................... .................... 12,795.06 * Delegation Expenses: Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... 6434.16 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 643.16 Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 1,282.73 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,282.73 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 6,310.32 .................... 12,795.06 .................... ...... .............. .................... 19,105.38 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR ROGER WICKER, Chairman, Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, July 18, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.054 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5290 September 6, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), MAJORITY LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Thomas Hawkins: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,847.14 .................... . ................... .................... 13,847.14 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 634.33 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 634.33 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 359.74 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 359.74 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 973.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 973.00 Thomas Hawkins: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,569.09 .................... . ................... .................... 10,569.09 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 261.27 .................... . ................... .................... 261.27 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,040.27 .................... . ................... .................... 1,040.27 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 259.54 .................... .................... .................... 259.54 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,967.07 .................... 25,977.31 .................... ...... .............. .................... 27,944.38 
SENATOR MITCH MCCONNELL,Majority Leader, July 7, 2016. h 
APPOINTMENTS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair announces, on behalf of the President pro tempore, pursuant to Public Law 110–315, the reappointment of the following individuals to be mem-bers of the National Advisory Com-mittee on Institutional Quality and In-tegrity: Anne D. Neal of the District of Columbia and Richard F. O’Donnell of Colorado. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—H.R. 3231 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand that H.R. 3231 is at the desk and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3231) to amend title 5, United States Code, to protect unpaid interns in the Federal Government from workplace harass-ment and discrimination, and for other pur-poses. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I now ask for its second reading and ob-ject to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Wednesday, Sep-tember 7; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 2848; finally, that the Senate re-cess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meet-ings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order following the remarks of Senators R
UBIO, B ROWN , M CCAIN, F
LAKE , and S ULLIVAN . Mrs. BOXER. Reserving the right to object, I ask Senator R
UBIO if I may have 1 minute to respond to your WRDA comments before he begins. Is that all right with the Senator? Mr. RUBIO. That is all right. No ob-jection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. BOXER. Thank you. 
f 
WRDA Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I just want to say to the majority leader that I am pleased he put forward the WRDA bill. I think it is so important to Democrats and Republicans. I thank the Senator from Florida for yielding for just a few seconds because I am going to read the title of the bill. It will take me less than a minute, and you can see how important it is. We are talking about making navigation bet-ter. We are talking about flood control. We are talking about coastal storm damage reduction; environmental res-toration; relief for Flint, MI; improved notification when high levels of lead are found in drinking water anywhere in the country; restoring critical eco-systems; investing in innovative water technologies such as desalination and water recycling. We are talking about drought assistance. We are talking about improving ports, repairing dams, and allowing States to issue permits for coal ash. This is a critical bill. It is super-bipartisan. I wish to say that working with Sen-ator I
NHOFE continues to be a joy for me when it comes to infrastructure. On the environment, we are sort of from different planets, but when it comes to infrastructure, we are as one. I thank the majority leader for put-ting this bill out there. I ask Members on both sides to help us get to this bill. I again thank the Senator from Flor-ida. I yield the floor. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, might I take just 1 minute as well? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. STABENOW. I thank the leader as well and thank colleagues, Senator INHOFE and Senator B OXER , for working in good faith, as they usually do, in coming up with a bill that addresses multiple issues that are very impor-tant to Members—certainly us in Michigan but others as well. I thank the leader for bringing it forward. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, before I begin my remarks on the vote on Zika, I do want to join the chorus of those voices thanking the majority leader for bringing the water bill, which also has important priorities for the State of Florida, in particular the Central Ever-glades planning process, which will allow us to begin the process of moving forward on a series of programs that are important not just for restoring the natural flow of the Everglades but for helping coastal areas of Florida that were impacted over the last few months with algae blooms as a result of water runoff from Lake Okeechobee. There is a lot more to be done. This project alone will not solve this prob-lem, but it is the single biggest project out there that we are closest to achiev-ing and that can move us toward that goal. If the Senate can move forward, I, too, will ask my colleagues over the next few days to allow this issue to move forward. Let’s get this passed. There are many good priorities here for many States in this country, but for Florida in particular. The Central Ev-erglades Planning Project has taken so long to get to this point, and I thank Senator I
NHOFE for working with me on it to ensure that it is part of this pack-age. I am hopeful we can continue to move forward and get this done. It is important for Florida, particularly for our coastal areas, and for those who care deeply about the great natural treasures of this country—the Florida Everglades. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.054 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5291 September 6, 2016 
ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, on a sepa-rate topic, I rise today to discuss the spread of the Zika virus. As many of my colleagues know, I have been call-ing for funding to confront this crisis to be included in the continuing resolu-tion Congress is hopefully going to pass in the coming weeks. First, in light of tonight’s vote, I want to take a step back and look at how we have gotten to this point. I want us to think about how long we have known about this crisis. I want us to think about how many warning signs had to be ignored for us to still be having this debate. And I want all the American people who are concerned about and impacted by the virus to know the truth about our deliberations up to this point. The truth is that every Senator has known about the Zika virus since at least January. We all knew then that it was a threat. The World Health Organi-zation warned in January that Zika would spread throughout most of the Americas by the end of this year. In February, as the number of travel-re-lated cases in the United States grew, President Obama made an emergency spending request of $1.9 billion. I sup-ported that request. The vast majority of Congress, for political reasons, did not. So the virus continued to spread. Since then, I have come to the floor of the Senate to urge my colleagues to take action on Zika on at least eight separate occasions. I have written let-ters, I have written laws, and I have supported every single Zika proposal that has come before the Senate re-gardless of which party wrote it. To-night will mark the 12th time—the 12th time—I have voted to move forward on funding to take on Zika. But tonight, for the third time, the minority party—the Democrats in the Senate—have blocked more funding to fight this virus. And I want to be frank. At times, my own party has not taken the issue seriously enough either. In the eight times I have come to the floor to deliver speeches about this issue, I have called out both parties, and I have repeatedly warned it was only a matter of time before we had a mosquito transition in the mainland of the United States. Tragically, that time has now come and, with it, an in-crease in infections. In July, when we last voted on this issue, there were approximately 1,300 cases of Zika in the continental United States and 2,900 cases in U.S. terri-tories. Since that time in July, these numbers have more than doubled to over 2,700 cases of Zika in the conti-nental United States and over 14,000 cases in U.S. territories, particularly Puerto Rico. That includes 625 preg-nant women whose babies are now at risk of complications, including very serious ones like microcephaly. These are not statistics. These are real people. As the infection rate con-tinues to snowball, our health officials and experts desperately need addi-tional resources to combat this crisis. I continue to support supplemental leg-islation to fund the fight against Zika, but we simply cannot afford to wait any longer. That is why I have re-quested that any legislation to fund the Federal Government beyond the 30th of September include additional resources to combat and, hopefully through a vaccine, eradicate the Zika virus. For Congress, this is our moment of truth on this incredibly dangerous issue. We are going to continue to see more explosive growth in infections if people keep conspiring, for political reasons in an election year, to do noth-ing. My colleagues on both sides of the aisle and in both Chambers—in the House and the Senate—now face a choice: Are the political points you hope to gain from posturing on this funding really more valuable than sav-ing lives, protecting pregnant women, and preventing unborn children from being afflicted by this disease? And ask yourself this: How will his-tory remember this moment 20 years from now if, God forbid, there are hun-dreds or even thousands of children who are born with microcephaly while we stood here playing politics and did nothing? This has the potential to tar-nish the legacy of our generation of na-tional leaders and, far worse, to cause grave health challenges for an untold number of Americans. My colleagues, for the life of me, I cannot understand why any Senator with any chance to do something about this would stand in the way any longer. My message to both parties and both Chambers for this month is simple and straightforward: Zika is not a game. And if you think it is, then you should take your game somewhere else. This issue is about human beings, not polit-ical chess pieces, and we have a duty to solve it. It will not stop until Congress does what is necessary to respond to this public health crisis. Enough wait-ing. Enough games. Congress needs to act, and it needs to act now. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
f 
REMEMBERING DR. DONALD HEN-DERSON AND THE ERADICATION OF SMALLPOX Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, while my colleagues and I were back home in Ohio, Michigan, Arizona or Florida over the last number of weeks, this country lost one of the heroes in the fight to eradicate smallpox: Lakewood, OH, native and Oberlin College grad-uate Dr. Donald Henderson. Dr. Hen-derson passed away at age 87 on August 19. He left behind perhaps the most im-portant public health legacy of anyone in the 20th century. Along with Dr. William Foege, who is still alive and still very active, Dr. Henderson helped lead the war on humankind’s most feared diseases and achieved one of the greatest public health victories ever—very arguably maybe the most important public health victory—the eradication of smallpox. Most Americans are too young to re-member the fear that smallpox struck in the hearts of people around the globe. Because of the work of literally 150,000 workers—paid workers and vol-unteers, thousands and thousands, tens of thousands of public health workers— fewer and fewer of us bear the scars on our upper arms that serve as a re-minder of the danger this disease once posed. In the 20th Century, it is estimated that more than 300 million people died of smallpox. Think of that. More than 300 million people died of smallpox—at least. Some estimates are as high as 500 million. The numbers aren’t par-ticularly precise, putting it mildly, be-cause of where the deaths occurred and how they occurred and what people were dying of in addition to smallpox. Because of the serious investment our country and the world made in stamp-ing out this disease, we no longer live in fear. I think there are some lessons here. I just listened to the Senator from Flor-ida talk about the fact his party seems to want to load up the Zika virus fund-ing with all kinds of political state-ments or wants to take the money from some other public health fund and move it into the Zika virus, which is different from what we did as a nation to combat smallpox. What we did as a nation to combat smallpox had nothing to do with political parties; it was all about making sure that we came to-gether as a nation and around the world. It was an expensive and serious in-vestment. It was a massive inter-national effort. It mobilized epi-demiologists—well-paid epidemiolo-gists and laboratories and low-paid health care workers in India and South Asia and parts of Africa across the globe. Dr. Foege wrote an amazing ac-count of this campaign in his 2011 book called ‘‘House on Fire.’’ The smallpox vaccine had existed since the late 18th century. Dr. Edward Jenner developed the first successful vaccine in fighting cowpox. We all learned that in high school. But having the science wasn’t enough to actually get people vaccinated to allay people’s fears of what a vaccination could mean. Injecting a virus into some-body’s arm obviously was a bit counterintuitive: That is going to make me well rather than sick? But to deal with the outbreaks would take ac-tion and coordination on a scale never before seen. The title of the book ‘‘House on Fire’’ refers to the way a young Indian doctor described the approach to the vaccination campaign: You pour water on the house that is burning. When an outbreak happened, that village and the ones immediately surrounding it needed to be vaccinated. That fire 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.043 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5292 September 6, 2016 
line—or ring of vaccination is what doctors will sometimes call that— around the virus would stop an epi-demic. Mass vaccinations were highly expensive, and reaching into every vil-lage and doing what needed to be done was hard. It was hard to transport vac-cines, keeping them active, if you will, and just the scale of the whole world— at least the whole developing world— meant they needed to do something dif-ferent. That is the reason for the ring of vaccines or the fire line. Nonetheless, it still required signifi-cant investments from governments around the globe. Senators and Con-gressmen in those days hadn’t taken pledges that they would never raise taxes or never close a tax loophole. We came up with the money because we knew public health counted for more than almost anything else. We needed funding for surveillance, for global partnerships, and for developing newer and more effective techniques. It took a huge amount of manpower and health care workers, local workers in India and Africa going from village to village identifying and stamping out outbreaks. The investment paid off. The last smallpox case appeared in the United States—keep in mind, 300 mil-lion people at least died between 1900 and the late 1970s—300 million people. The last case in the United States ap-peared in 1949. A little more than 30 years later, after a 10-year campaign with Dr. Foege and Dr. Henderson and thousands and thousands of unnamed workers around the world, the last known case was found in Somalia in 1977. Smallpox is the only infectious dis-ease for humans—the only infectious disease—to be declared eradicated by the World Health Assembly. We still have polio, we still have diphtheria, and we still have cholera. We have made huge progress in polio, thanks in part to the Rotary Club, thanks in part to international efforts by govern-ments, by communities, by doctors, by researchers, by nurses, by health work-ers, and by so many other people. But smallpox is the only one that has to-tally been eradicated. That is how we should do partner-ships. We know in health care that up-front public investment is the most ef-fect way to take on the biggest, most important projects. Private charity works, surely. Look what Rotary did on polio. But you have to have the pub-lic dollars, the public investment. Peo-ple in this body think government doesn’t do anything right or govern-ment can’t be trusted to do anything, to accomplish anything or there is no role of government. Well, think about the 300 million people dying from smallpox and now that is eradicated in every place in the world because gov-ernments worked together with local communities, with local researchers, with local doctors, and with all of that. These investments aren’t just about helping individual people who are sick or at risk. Whether in our back yard or a world away, when you save one life, you help so many others. Dr. Hender-son understood that, and so did many thousands of others whose names we don’t celebrate but who risked their lives to end the scourge of smallpox. Today’s world is more connected than ever. Think of the challenge we face with the spread of the Zika virus. Think how pathetic this Congress’s re-sponse is to the Zika virus. We can’t even fund the Zika virus out of this body because people want to make it about Planned Parenthood or about taking money from the Ebola virus ef-fort instead of straightforward funding for the Zika virus. We did it with smallpox, where 300 million people died, and yet we can’t stand up to get funding for the Zika virus. We are going to have to work to-gether and commit to public invest-ment to make this a better country and a better world for our children, just like Dr. Henderson and Dr. Foege. And Dr. Henderson, whom we honor today—an Ohio native and Oberlin Col-lege graduate—ran the campaign that ended the scourge of smallpox, which was a huge victory for humankind. I yield to Senator M
CCAIN. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate in a colloquy with my colleague from Arizona. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OBAMACARE AND MILITARY FUNDING Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I am proud to join my colleague from Ari-zona on several issues that are very im-portant to our constituents. And I be-lieve by working together we have been able to make some significant progress in a number of areas, but we also are facing an enormous challenge. Our State of Arizona has the unique category of having a county without a single health care provider—not one. Our largest county, Maricopa County, is now down to one from six. So if there is ever an object lesson in the failure of ObamaCare, it is right there in our home State of Arizona, where we have a very large aging population, we have a very large young population, and we are asking young people to pay for the health care of seniors when the fact is, it was a flawed idea from the begin-ning. The fact is, I stood on this floor until Christmas Eve morning fighting against ObamaCare, when it was rammed through on a strictly partisan basis: 60 votes they had, 60 votes they used. For the first time in history, we had a major entitlement reform that was done on a totally partisan basis, and we said at the time it would fail. It is unravelling as we speak. I would ask my colleague from Ari-zona, what is entertaining is now our friends from the other sides of the aisle and in the administration are saying: Well, we would like to sit down with the Republicans and fix it, and we could make some much needed changes. The same people who didn’t even allow us a single amendment on one of the most massive entitlement reforms in history, and now our citi-zenry—our citizenry—are paying the price, as are citizens all over the coun-try. As I mentioned, we now have one county in Arizona—Pinal County— which has the unique distinction of being the only county in America with-out a single provider. Maricopa Coun-ty, where the majority of our constitu-ents live—guess what—one provider, increases of 65 percent, 100 percent, 200 percent. It is amazing. It is amazing. By the way, Maricopa County—where there is one health insurance option in the ObamaCare exchanges—about 128,000 people. And don’t ever forget the immortal words of the President of the United States: If you like your health care policy, you can keep your policy, pe-riod. Wasn’t that clever the way he said ‘‘period’’ at the end of that? Be-cause he was sure that if you liked your health care policy, you could keep your health care policy. And he also said, by the way: If you like your phy-sician, you can keep your physician. How has that turned out? How has that worked? I thank my colleague from Arizona for his work on the NDAA. We have protected the A–10, we have protected our bases, we have protected the Gold-water ranges. There has been no stronger proponent for those wonderful Apache helicopters that are made in Mesa, AZ, and the Raytheon missiles that are down in Tucson, AZ. I ask my colleague this: What do you think this impact is in our State—in our beautiful State—of 10,000 people being without a health care option and 180,000 who are going to now be pre-sented with one? Is that what this ad-ministration called choice? Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I thank my colleague for having this colloquy. First, on the NDAA, I thank him for the work he has done this year and every year to make sure we get the NDAA passed. It is one of the single pieces of authorizing legislation we routinely pass and the President signs. It is important to our military to have that guidance—to know not just that we will appropriate the money, but we authorize the money and tell them how it needs to be spent. That provides a much better opportunity for oversight. I thank my colleague for the reforms he got in this year with regard to pro-curement and to root out waste, as he always does, in the military. So I ap-preciate that. It is important to Ari-zona. As he mentioned, we have five major Active-Duty military installations in the State: Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Luke Air Force Base, Army Fort Huachuca, Army Yuma Proving 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.044 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5293 September 6, 2016 
Ground, and Marine Corps Air Station Yuma. There also are several National Guard and Air National Guard facili-ties around the State. So the NDAA is extremely important to them. Arizona is fortunate to have the chairman of the Armed Services Committee rep-resenting the State and understanding the importance of these installations and our national defense. With regard to ObamaCare, Senator M
CCAINand I both traveled around a lot of Arizona during this break. One thing I know he has heard and I have heard from constituents around the State but in particular in Pinal Coun-ty—as he mentioned, Pinal County is just south of Maricopa County and just out of the metropolitan area, some of it within the metropolitan area. These individuals now have no option. There are 13 counties in Arizona—13 of 15— that have 1 option. Those in Maricopa County last year had eight options. Now it is down to one. So 128,000 indi-viduals, as mentioned, have no com-petition. Premiums continue to go up. That insurer can do whatever they want to do, and we are hearing it wher-ever we go. After spending a day in Pinal County traveling around, hearing from the Chamber of Commerce, from Rotary Clubs, from Republican organi-zations, from townhalls—you name it— people are concerned. There is no op-tion. Yet despite there being no option and no exchange, the penalties still exist. Imagine, you have no exchange to purchase. If you buy on another ex-change, there is no Federal subsidy at-tached to it. So it is completely unaffordable for many of our constitu-ents. Yet, if they can’t buy the insur-ance and don’t buy the insurance, pen-alties still come. The penalties still come. I am pleased my colleague is intro-ducing legislation. I am glad to join him on this to make sure that in coun-ties where there is no competition, those penalties simply shouldn’t apply. That is the first thing we ought to do. I have legislation as well that will say the hardship exemptions that cur-rently exist ought to be expanded, par-ticularly for those who have no option at all. It is not getting better. It is get-ting worse. So we have to sit down and say let’s do some of these reforms now because people are hurting. I thank my colleague. Mr. M
CCAIN. Could I just say to my colleague, I think he put it very well. First of all, we are going to have people who have no option but under the present law are going to be paying a fine. How does that work? Then, of course, those with only one option are seeing projected premium increases that are as high, in one case, as 65 per-cent. Then, of course, we also have a situation where, if you only have one option and the premium increases, then obviously they have no choice. The deductibles are now, in some cases, in the thousands of dollars— deductibles. So why do you want to buy an insur-ance policy that you are going to pay a couple thousand bucks before you are part of the plan that gives you the health care you need? The fact is, and I would ask my col-league, ObamaCare is unravelling. It has now proven to be a colossal failure because it was based on the false premise that young people would will-ingly pay huge amounts of money to care for the health of older, sicker peo-ple. Of course, our great Congressional Budget Office had predicted there would be 21 million people who would have taken advantage of it, and I be-lieve the actual number is 11 million. So this is a failure. In the short term, Senator FLAKE and I want to make sure no one would ever pay a fine when there is not any option available or only one option available. Then, I say to my colleagues, we had better start in either the later session of this Congress or the beginning of next year and repeal and replace ObamaCare. It needs to be replaced. If we don’t replace it, then we are going to see these horror stories like in Pinal County, AZ, all over America. That is unfair to average American citizens who right now have seen—thanks to the massive regulations issued by the Obama administration—very little im-provement in their incomes and their lives. In fact, the actual number of the middle class has been shrinking. So I thank my colleague for all his hard work on behalf of the men and women who are serving in the military and at our wonderful bases throughout Arizona and also for his leadership in this whole effort of trying to make sure all Americans have affordable and available health care. By the way, the answer is not the Eu-ropean-type health care system. Mr. FLAKE. I thank my colleague. I would just add by saying I wish that of-ficials from the administration could travel around with Senator M
CCAIN and myself as we travel around Arizona and go to Pinal County where people have no option—not even one. No op-tion. No marketplace. Yet they are still being told you are going to pay a fine if you don’t purchase insurance. Subsidies don’t apply to you because there is no exchange here, but you are still going to get fined. Try to tell somebody that, and tell them in this system that the adminis-tration is making no effort to reform this. They are still defending it, saying it will get better somehow or maybe someone will come just before the deadline and enter the marketplace. I think it is pretty clear they are not. And in those counties that have one in-surer, they are looking and saying: Well, hey, where will we be next year? Will we be Pinal County with no op-tions at all? I wish the administration would trav-el around with us to Arizona and see what people are suffering with, see what they are trying to get, and it is not just a problem of getting coverage. It is one thing to have coverage, but when you get to the hospital and find out that you have to get care and your deductibles are through the roof, your copays are through the roof—putting aside the premiums you are paying. This competition that is supposedly there isn’t in Arizona. Premiums have skyrocketed as have copays and deductibles. I thank my colleague for what he is doing. I look forward to working with him on this legislation to give people who have no options or only one choice an option where they pay no penalties. At least let’s start there. With that, I yield the floor. Mr. MCCAIN. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I begin by commending my colleagues from Arizona. I couldn’t agree more with them and what they were just talking about with regard to ObamaCare. Similar to Arizona, Alaska is going through the same thing. We are now down to one health insurance provider in the entire State. It started with five, and we are now down to one for the en-tire State of Alaska. Similar to Ari-zona, our premiums and deductibles are going through the roof. I certainly want to work with my colleagues from Arizona on ways to address States and counties in Arizona or places like Alas-ka, where we have seen essentially no competition. So we certainly want to focus on that as well. I also commend the Senator from Ar-izona, the chairman of the Armed Serv-ices Committee, on what he has done for our military and how he has been a leader, really, in the country on na-tional security and foreign policy issues. His leadership, particularly as the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, is absolutely critical for the national security and foreign pol-icy of the entire country. We are coming back from our work session. Most of us were home for the last 6 weeks. I had an amazing trip back home in Alaska and heard the concerns, hopes, dreams of my con-stituents across the State. I also saw a lot of pride. One reason I saw a lot of pride is that we have pride in our mili-tary forces that serve in the great State of Alaska, thousands and thou-sands of Active-Duty and Reserve Forces, more veterans per capita than in any other State in the country. I had the opportunity to visit with a lot of our veterans, a lot of our military Active-Duty and Reserve Forces. I also had the opportunity to bring a number of our U.S. military and civilian lead-ers up to Alaska to show them our troops, show them the great training. This was the Commandant of the Ma-rine Corps, the Commandant of the Coast Guard, the Secretary of the Army, the head of Missile Defense, the new combatant commander in charge of NORTHCOM. So we had a number of military officers visiting Alaska, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.046 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5294 September 6, 2016 
they got to see a lot of our troops, not only Alaska but Iowa National Guard, Hawaii troops, all training in the great State of Alaska. You know that our troops are doing amazing work, not just the training in different bases throughout the country but keeping us safe throughout the world and risking their lives in combat throughout the world. I certainly don’t have to mention to this body the num-ber of troops we have deployed all over the world keeping us safe—in combat and risking their lives. I mentioned the pride that Ameri-cans have in their military because it is really important to understand what just happened on the Senate floor about 20 minutes ago. What just hap-pened? Sometimes it is hard to figure out the process. What did we just vote on? Let me put it bluntly. The minor-ity leader of the Senate once again en-couraged the Members of the other side of the aisle, of his party, to filibuster the funding for our troops. That just happened. The press will not report on it, but it is pretty remarkable given what we have going on in the world and one of the most sacred responsibilities of what we should be doing in this body. We just saw another filibuster of spending for the men and women who serve in the U.S. military. What a dis-appointment it is and what a dis-connect between what is going on in the rest of America and here in DC. I want to remind my colleagues of this. If you went back home, regardless of where you live, regardless of what party you are in, and you asked your constituents: Should we be funding our military right now, should we be fund-ing the men and women who are over-seas risking their lives, keeping this Nation safe, the answer, probably, of virtually every American in the United States of America would be yes. I want to remind my colleagues that what just happened on the Senate floor—another filibuster of spending for our troops—wasn’t the first time. Indeed, this is the bill that the minor-ity leader of the Senate decided he wants to filibuster more than any other bill that we have brought up in the last year and a half. This evening’s vote was the sixth time that the minority leader of the Senate has led a filibuster against funding for our troops. He wasn’t satis-fied to do it one time or two times or three times or four times or five times—six times. You and I and many other Members of the Senate were on the floor in July making the case that we shouldn’t be doing this. We—I mean the Senate— should be focused on funding our troops. By the way, they read about this. For those who think the members of the military don’t understand what is going on—that one party consist-ently denies them funding, that nobody understands that—that is not true. The troops know what is going on. We were down here, like many other Members of the Senate, encouraging our colleagues to support the troops, to stop the filibuster. This is what our troops want. This is what the American people want, and this is what the Sen-ate of the United States of America should be doing—supporting our troops, not denying them funding. I know my colleagues and I will con-tinue to fight for this funding and fight these misguided attempts by the mi-nority leader to undercut our troops, undercut our military, and undercut the funding that they desperately need and that should be a primary responsi-bility of this body. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. to-morrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:14 p.m., adjourned until Wednesday, September 7, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
THE JUDICIARY  
ABID RIAZ QURESHI, OF MARYLAND, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA, VICE ROSEMARY M. COLLYER, RETIRED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. CHARLES L. PLUMMER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. SAMUEL A. GREAVES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. JAMES M. HOLMES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. MARK D. KELLY 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOSEPH F. JARRARD THE FOLLOWING OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. LAUREL J. HUMMEL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. GUSTAVE F. PERNA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE VICE CHIEF OF THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU AND FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 10505 AND 601: To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. DANIEL R. HOKANSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ALFRED F. ABRAMSON III COL. PETER B. ANDRYSIAK, JR. COL. ROBERT W. BENNETT, JR. COL. JONATHAN P. BRAGA COL. JOHN W. BRENNAN, JR. COL. DAVID E. BRIGHAM COL. MIGUEL A. CORREA COL. CLEMENT S. COWARD, JR. COL. MARIO A. R. DIAZ COL. PATRICK J. DONAHOE COL. CHRISTOPHER T. DONAHUE COL. ROBERT L. EDMONSON II COL. SCOTT L. EFFLANDT COL. MICHAEL R. FENZEL COL. DAVID J. FRANCIS COL. PAUL H. FREDENBURGH COL. DAVID M. HAMILTON COL. NEIL S. HERSEY COL. LONNIE G. HIBBARD COL. JOHNNIE L. JOHNSON, JR. COL. OMAR J. JONES IV COL. MARK H. LANDES COL. DAVID A. LESPERANCE COL. STEPHEN J. MARANIAN COL. DOUGLAS M. MCBRIDE, JR. COL. MATTHEW W. MCFARLANE COL. STEPHEN L. MICHAEL COL. CHRISTOPHER O. MOHAN COL. LAURA A. POTTER COL. ANTHONY W. POTTS COL. ROBERT A. RASCH, JR. COL. KENNETH T. ROYAR COL. DOUGLAS A. SIMS II COL. STEPHEN G. SMITH COL. JOHN C. ULRICH COL. ROBERT F. WHITTLE, JR. COL. DAVID WILSON 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. WILLIAM K. LESCHER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. JAMES G. FOGGO III 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. JOHN W. RAYMOND THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
REBECCA L. POWERS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
WILLIAM L. WHITE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ANTHONY B. MULHARE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
ROBERT M. CLONTZ II REBECCA K. KEMMET 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
FREDDY L. ADAMS II PAUL E. ALESSIO RONNIE D. ANDERSON, JR. JOEL D. BABBITT DARIEN L. BAISLEY JEFFREY E. BAKER SEAN G. BARRETT STEPHANIE A. BARTON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G06SE6.047 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5295 September 6, 2016 
ANTHONY C. BAUER HEATHER O. BELLUSCI KENNETH C. BRADFORD MATTHEW S. BRESKO BOBBY W. BRYANT DONALD L. BURTON JAMES M. CALLIS II LANCE CANGELOSI HEATHER J. CARLISLE COLEEN CARR KEVIN S. CHANEY DAVID R. CHENEY II CHRISTOPHER D. CORIZZO BRENT D. CORYELL LAWRENCE M. COUSINS DEXTER C. DANIEL LESLIE E. DARLING TROY M. DENOMY DEREK J. DRAPER JASON T. EDWARDS DANIEL P. ELLINGER ANGEL M. FELICIANOCASILLAS KEVIN E. FINCH CHRISTOPHER A. FORD JOHNATHAN B. FRASIER TIMOTHY R. FULLER RODNEY M. GIBSON MARSHANNA M. GIPSON MICHAEL H. GREENBERG JOEL M. GREER KEVIN J. GROTH JOHN F. HALL MATTHEW T. HAMILTON STEVEN G. HANSON SIDNEY A. HARRIS PAUL A. HENRY NICOLE M. HEUMPHREUS JENNIFER K. HICKSMCGOWAN JUSTIN L. HIGHLEY LANNY A. HOGABOOM II CARL J. HOLLISTER STEPHEN M. HOWELL CORT J. HUNT JASON K. JEFFERIS ROGER L. KEEN, JR. MILTON G. KELLY KEVIN H. KERBY NICKOLAS T. KIOUTAS TIMOTHY W. KLENSKE JEFFREY C. KNIGHT BRIAN A. LESIAK ELISABETH S. LITVIN JARED T. LONGFIELD JON A. LUST DENNIS C. MAJOR DANIEL P. MARTIN TIMOTHY R. MCDONALD SCOTT W. MCINTOSH GARY S. MCLEOD MICHAEL B. MCNEELY BRIAN E. MEMOLI MICHAEL T. MOORE MARCUS A. MOTLEY ROBERT C. MURRAY THOMAS H. P. NGUYEN CHARLES G. NOVOTNY JASON J. NOWAK MARK E. PARSONS BRYCE D. PRINGLE BRIAN K. RICHIE PHILIP G. ROTTENBORN GARY D. ROWLEY ROBERT C. SLOSSON KEVIN Z. SMITH ROY W. SPEAKS MARC D. STAATS MEGAN B. STALLINGS SENODJA F. SUNDIATAWALKER STEPHEN THOMAS WILLIAM TRIMBLE, JR. PATRICK W. TRIPLETT JOHN K. TULIFUA JAMES L. TURNER V JOSE A. VALENTIN, JR. JENNIFER S. WALKAWICZ PAUL I. WEIZER DAVID C. WELCH CAMILLA A. W. WHITE SCOTT A. WHITE JESSE R. WIGHTMAN III XAVIERA C. WILLIAMS GARTH K. WINTERLE DAVIE L. WRIGHT, JR. GARVEY A. WRIGHT D005397 D012362 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
ALISSA R. ACKLEY ROBERT R. ANDERSON RANDALL J. ARVAY MARK W. BARLOW SUNSET R. BELINSKY MICHAEL J. BENSON MICHELLE L. BIENIAS DANIEL S. BISHOP BRIAN C. BOLIO WILLIAM E. BOSWELL ERIC L. BROWN JUSTIN W. BROWN TED M. BRYANT WILLIAM B. BURLEY RICHARD D. BUTLER MYLES B. CAGGINS III JASON C. CALDWELL CHAD E. CAMPFIELD SHAWN B. CARDEN JENNIFER CHAPMAN JAMES F. CHASTAIN, JR. CHRISTA M. CHEWAR KEITH T. CHINN CHRISTOPHER W. CIRINO ANTHONY C. COMELLO BRADLEY J. COOK ROGER K. DAVIS MATTHEW S. DENNY DEAN H. DENTER RYAN S. DILLON RICHARD F. DIMARCO LUKE R. DONOHUE THOMAS W. DORREL, JR. GREGORY L. DUTKA SEAN P. DUVALL DAVID P. ELSEN GARY E. FARLEY, JR. ANDREW T. FERGUSON RONALD L. FRANKLIN, JR. HERIBERTO GALARZAGONZALEZ MATTHEW T. GILL SCOTT D. GILMAN JOHN C. GIORDANO JAN K. C. GLEIMAN MICHAEL A. GLODE JON D. GRIESE GREGORY C. GRIFFIN JENNIFER S. M. GRIFFIN GEORGE C. HACKLER JAY W. HALEY JAMES M. HARDAWAY JUSTIN M. HAYNES KENNETH G. HAYNES BENNETT E. HAYTH RAY C. HERNANDEZ TRISTAN S. HIGGINS GREGORY L. HOLDEN JEFFREY M. HOWELL JONG H. JUN BRIAN A. KASTNING JONATHAN P. KLUG MICHAEL G. KNOWLTON CHERYL R. KORVER TIMOTHY R. KREUTTNER SHAWN E. LEONARD JASON T. LIDDELL JOSEPH M. LINDQUIST JOYCE M. LUGRAIN WENDY Y. LUPO ALEXANDER D. MACCALMAN LUCIO E. MALDONADO, JR. RYAN M. MCCABE HUGH P. MCCAULEY KIMEISHA Y. MCCULLUM LOUIS P. MELANCON RICHARD V. MELNYK DOUGLAS W. MERRITT PATRICK M. MIFSUD MELISSA C. MILES JOHN A. MOWCHAN JAMES H. NELSON JASON B. NICHOLSON COLIN P. NIKKILA QUENTIN C. NOREIGA AARON D. OSBURN DAVID J. PALAZZO MATTHEW S. PALMER DAVID W. PARKES JON F. PARVIN HECTOR E. PAZ III JAY L. PERSONS LEE I. PETERS III ROBERT M. PETERS AARON L. PETERSON DONALD PETERSON, JR. SAMUEL B. PHILLIPS JOSEPH M. PISHOCK ALAN J. QUATTRIN CHAD O. RAMBO THOMAS B. RANSOM JOHN C. RAYBURN JAMES F. RILEY JOSE R. RIVAS PETER J. ROWELL SEAN J. RYAN BILL N. SABA TODD D. SABALA JACK W. SANDER III ROBERT F. SCHLICHT CRAIG M. SCHLOZMAN ADAM D. SELLERS EDWIN S. SERRANO MICHAEL D. SPAKE PAUL S. SPARKS ERICH C. SPRAGG RYAN R. SQUIRES JEFFREY A. STARKE THOMAS M. STEVENSON MICHAEL S. TARQUINTO DAVID A. TARVIN EDWARD B. TEAGUE IV ENRIQUE P. TORRES LOREN G. TRAUGUTT STONEY A. TRENT CURTIS L. TYGART CAINAZ A. VAKHARIA ERIC J. VANDENBOSCH BRYAN D. VELARDE JOSEPH W. VONGSVARNRUNGRUANG CHRIS A. WADE BRAD W. WAMBEKE CAMERON W. WEATHERS ALEX L. WEHMEYER JAMES R. WEST CARLOS A. WILEY, SR. RONALD D. WILKES DENNIS G. WILLE SEAN P. WILSON JASON M. WINTERLE DAVID O. WISEMAN SAMUEL YBARRA G001000 D002962 G001160 D012446 G001213 D003185 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be colonel 
GEOFFREY R. ADAMS PATRICK S. ALTENBURG ROBERT R. ARNOLD, JR. DENNIS R. ATKINS III THOMAS J. BARRETT STEVEN T. BARRY LISA M. BARTEL BASSEY E. BASSEY III TAMMY L. BAUGH IAN S. BENNETT PAUL E. BERG MICHAEL R. BIANKOWSKI, JR. PHILLIP J. BORDERS KIRT R. BOSTON CLARENCE W. BOWMAN III EDWARD A. BRADY MATTHEW W. BROWN ROBERT S. BROWN JEFFREY C. BRYSON KENNETH J. BURGESS GREGORY A. CANNATA KEVIN S. CAPRA BARRY R. CARLSON, JR. CHAD C. CHALFONT DAVID C. CHIARENZA BRYAN J. CHIVERS MARK W. CHRISTENSEN KENDALL J. CLARKE MARC A. CLOUTIER MICHAEL D. COLEMAN KEVIN A. COMFORT STACEY P. CORN PATRICK M. COSTELLO JOHN R. CRISAFULLI EDWARD C. CROOT JASON A. CURL MARK R. DANNER JOHN P. DAVIS JOHNATON L. DAWBER JOSEPH S. DEGLIUOMINI CORY J. DELGER JEROME F. DENTE JAMES M. DEPOLO, JR. JAMES T. DONOVAN DARRELL A. DOREMUS WILLIAM M. DOWLING JONATHAN H. DOYLE RICHARD L. DUNTON JOHN R. DYKE III DANIEL H. EDWAN EDWARD D. ELDRIDGE WILLIAM J. EPOLITO JASON A. EVERS CHRISTOPHER T. FABER BRETT C. FORBES WILLIAM B. GARBER III RICHARD R. GAREY MARCUS A. GENGLER ISSAC G. GIPSON MICHELLE M. GOYETTE GEOFFREY D. GREENE JAMES D. GREER SHANE M. GRIES DWIGHT R. GRIFFITH, JR. PAUL B. GUNNISON ROBERT D. HALVORSON PATRICK K. HARKINS JOSHUA P. HIGGINS JOSEPH J. HODGSON CHARLES P. HOGEBOOM IV CAROLINE K. HORTON THOMAS M. HOUGH ERNEST J. IRVIN II JAMES M. JAMES CHRISTOPHER J. JESZENSZKY ERIC M. JOHNSON MARK C. JOHNSON TERRANCE L. JOHNSON SEBASTIEN P. JOLY JASON J. JONES MARK G. KAPPELMANN JOSHUA C. KENNEDY MATTHEW F. KETCHUM WILLIAM L. KIRBY SCOTT W. KIRKPATRICK PAUL J. KREMER SEAN H. KUESTER CORNELIUS W. KUGLER CHRISTOPHER T. KUHN JAMES C. LASLIE III ALLEN D. LETH, JR. FLOYD S. LIDDICK, JR. ANDREW N. LIFFRING JOHN T. LITZ JOHN W. LUBAS ROMEO R. MACALINTAL, JR. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.002 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5296 September 6, 2016 
JON P. N. MADDALONI RYAN O. MAENDER SCOTT J. MALONE II ISAAC C. MANIGAULT GERALD G. MAPP HARRY C. MARSON V RICHARD A. MARTIN JAMES A. MATTOX MATTHEW R. MAYBOUER JOHN J. MCDERMOTT III MICHAEL S. MCFADDEN DANIEL S. MCKEEGAN MICHAEL G. MCLENDON BRIAN C. MELLEN BRANDON G. MENO MICHAEL A. MINENI, JR. RANDOLPH M. MORGAN JEROME S. MORRISON JOHN C. MORROW THEDRIC J. MOSELEY VANESSA Y. MOYE MICHAEL S. MULLINS ROBERT A. MURPHY ANTHONY T. MURTHA III SCOTT C. NAUMAN ANTHONY E. NEW STEPHEN T. NEWMAN RICHARD NG LARRY NIEDRINGHAUS SHANNON E. NIELSEN BENJAMIN R. OGDEN MARK P. OTT JOSEPH E. PACE WILLIAM M. PARKER MICHAEL D. PARSONS ERIC S. PULS JASON M. RAILSBACK MARK D. RAY OWEN G. RAY BRENDAN C. RAYMOND KENNETH N. REED DANIEL L. RICE SAMUEL R. RODRIGUEZ IKE L. SALLEE STEVEN M. SATTINGER MATTHEW SCALIA MICHAEL A. SCARPULLA TIMOTHY R. SHAFFER MARK B. SHERKEY, JR. SAMUEL S. SHRADER PAUL A. SIGLER ALEXANDER V. SIMMONS KELSEY A. SMITH TONG I. SMITH TYLER B. SMITH PHILLIP D. SOUNIA JON R. SPELL WARREN E. SPONSLER, JR. STEPHEN J. STASEVICH DANA T. STOWELL DAVID A. STRAUSS PATRICK J. SULLIVAN RICHARD J. SUROWIEC NEIL TATOR JAMES L. TENPENNY ERICH R. THEN MARK L. TROMBLEE MICHAEL J. TROTTER JAMES J. TUITE IV GEOFFREY R. VANEPPS LANCE K. VANZANDT EDWARD M. VEDDER MARK D. VERTULI SAMUEL L. VOLKMAN WILLIAM D. VOORHIES ROY E. WALKER DOUGLAS R. WALTER JOHN P. WALTON CHRISTOPHER J. WARD SYLVESTER O. WEGWU MATTHEW R. WEINSHEL JOHN C. WHITE, JR. MARCUS A. WILDY KEVIN J. WILLIAMS JEREMY S. WILSON JEFFREY S. WINSTON BRIAN K. WORTINGER BRIAN J. YARBROUGH TED D. YATES ANDREW S. ZIESENISS D002598 D001162 D003921 D005579 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY DENTAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
BRIAN BICKEL PAUL E. BOQUET CHRISTOPHER G. BOWEN STEVEN M. BROOKS AILEEN R. CABANADALOGAN STEPHEN S. CHERRINGTON WOO J. A. CHI MARK R. CHURCH JAMES W. COBB, JR. TATYANA DANKULICHHURYN STEVEN V. DRYDEN DANIEL D. ESCALANTE CRAIG R. FRECCERO KIMBERLY A. S. INOUYE SUZANNE L. JONES ADAM R. LINCICUM YAT H. MA BENJAMIN J. MCGOVERN LESLIE A. OAKES BENJAMIN D. OWEN ZACHARY A. PAUKERT MATTHEW B. PHILLIPS ERIK F. REIFENSTAHL SCOTT V. SCHLOFMAN ALEXANDER SMITH CHESTINE G. TOTH MELISSA F. TUCKER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: To be lieutenant colonel 
KYLE D. AEMISEGGER JUDY J. AEUM MATTHEW L. AGIUS IVAN J. ANTOSH DAVID T. ARMSTRONG BENJAMIN L. BAKER STEVEN R. BALLARD JOHN B. BALMAN TODD P. BALOG TIMOTHY S. BATIG JEROME M. BENAVIDES LINDA C. BENAVIDES SLAVOMIR A. BILINSKI KELLY S. BLAIR JASON M. BLAYLOCK MICHAEL R. BOIVIN BRIAN M. BOLDT FRANCIS H. BOUDREAU LIONEL R. BROUNTS ALEXANDER W. BROWN JASON K. BURRIS ELIZABETH A. CALLEN VINCENT F. CAPALDI II NATHAN A. CARLSON XIAOLU W. CARTER DANIEL G. CASH MIN H. CHANG MEGAN L. CHILDS KEVIN M. CRON PETER L. CUFF LEO J. DAAB MICHAEL D. DANN PATRICK E. DAVIS KENNETH B. DEKAY HEATHER M. DELANEY KARAMARIE H. DELANEY MICHAEL S. DIRKS JEREMY P. DOMANSKI THOMAS C. DOWD JOHN W. DOWNS TOBIN T. ECKEL JASON W. EDENS CHRISTOPHER L. ELLIOTT ALEXANDER J. ERNEST JASON L. FERGUSON NATHAN L. FROST FRANKLIN W. GOLDWIRE AMY GOOLD MELISSA A. GRANT JOHN C. GRAYBILL BRIAN P. GREEN SCOTT P. GROGAN JENNIFER L. GURSKI KEVIN B. GUTHMILLER OMAR S. HAJIBRAHIM JASON S. HAWKSWORTH THERESA A. HEIFERT MATTHEW O. HEISEL JOHN S. HELLUMS BRANDI N. HICKS SUZANNA N. HOLBROOK DANIELLE HOLT JULIE A. HUNDERTMARK RICHARD K. JACOB ERIC J. JACOBSON TIMOTHY V. JARDELEZA ERIK R. JOHNSON KENNETH JOHNSON DARRELL E. JONES KELLY E. KAFKA GEORGE J. KALLINGAL TAMIE L. KERNS JENNIFER S. KICKER ANDREW S. KIM YU H. KIM TRISTAN L. KNUTSON MICHAEL J. KOZNARSKY REED B. KUEHN CHRISTOPHER J. KULHAVY LANCE M. KUNZ PAUL B. LAMB DAVID C. LARRYMORE ALAN R. LARSEN, JR. KATHERINE B. LIESEMER KIRK N. LIESEMER JEFFREY R. LIVEZEY THOMAS R. MAGRA PATRICK J. MALAFRONTE RENEE MALLORY JOHN G. MANCINI BRENDAN D. MASINI JOSEPH M. MATTHEWS CHRISTOPHER S. MCGUIRE ANASTASIA M. MCKAY JAY H. MCKENNA MEGAN H. MCKINNON ANDREW R. MEDENDORP NANCY L. MEYERS SHAUN R. MILLER LEX A. MITCHELL CLIFTON C. MO MICHAEL A. MOAK INGRID B. MULKERRIN ELISA D. OHERN HEATHER M. OMARA JENNIFER M. ORR KRISTOPHER M. PAOLINO NADIA M. PEARSON JONATHAN PEDERSON KATHERINE Q. PHILLA CHRISTOPHER A. PICKETT CLIFFORD F. PORTER STEVEN M. POTTER GREGORY E. PUNCH AARIC L. QUEEN KEVIN R. RICE AUTUMN M. RICHARDS NORBERTO RODRIGUEZ, JR. MICHAEL B. ROSE MICHAEL J. ROSSI LLOYD A. RUNSER KIRK S. RUSSELL BETH A. SALYER DAVID M. SEDORY ALISON L. SEMANOFF LIEN T. SENCHAK JOHN SHEPPARD JUSTIN M. SHIELDS TODD E. SIMON NOVAE B. SIMPER EARL J. SMITH JASON D. SMITH MARK E. SMITH RYAN M. SMITH MICHAEL E. STOUDMIRE SHANE M. SUMMERS MICHAEL J. SUPERIOR MICHELLE E. SZCZEPANIK KEVIN M. TAYLOR LELAND D. TAYLOR SARAH K. TAYLOR BRETT J. THEELER DAVID C. THOMA AMY M. THOMPSON SAIOA TORREALDAY CHRISTOPHER L. TRACY SCOTT T. TREXLER LEAH M. TRIOLO ZACHARY S. TURNER ERIC G. VERWIEBE RACHEL VILLACORTALYEW PATRICK J. VOORHEES WILLIAM WASHINGTON CHRISTOPHER A. WEISSMAN JUSTIN M. WELLS MICHAEL J. WILHELM CAMILLE M. WILLIAMS AIMEE WILSON KAREN L. WILSON NOUANSY K. WILTON JOSEPH R. YANCEY DUKE G. YIM RICHARD Y. YOON SARAH M. ZATE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
JOHN E. SHEMANSKI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
CHRISTOPHER D. BAYSA DENISE M. BEAUMONT SIMONA A. BLACK JAMES D. BURK EUGENE J. CHRISTEN III JENNIFER L. COYNER AARON R. ELLIOTT JULIE J. FREEMAN ROBERT L. KENT, JR. CHRISTOPHER G. LINDNER TAMMY K. MAYER JASON A. NELSON JANA L. NOHRENBERG UN Y. RAINEY EDITHA D. RUIZ CYNTHIA D. SANCHEZ JAY C. SCHUSTER MIKO Y. WATKINS BRIAN K. WEISGRAM JENNIFER L. WILEY SARAH A. WILLIAMS BROWN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
ADRIENNE B. ARI DAVID M. BOWEN DEIDRA E. BRIGGS ANTHONY MARC BUSTAMANTE MARK C. CARDER MARVIN A. EMERSON ARTHUR FINCH III JONATHAN L. GOODE TARA L. HALL CLAUDIA L. HENEMYRE HARRIS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.004 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5297 September 6, 2016 
SAMANTHA S. HINCHMAN PHILIP A. HOLCOMBE MARION A. JEFFERSON GREGORY A. JOHNSON NATHAN A. KELLER DENNIS MCGURK ANTHONY A. MEADOR HEIDI P. MON DANIEL J. MOORE SCOTT H. NEWKIRK CHARLES H. ONEAL SEAN S. ONEIL DAVID E. PARKER DAVID J. PHILLIPS WENDY L. SAMMONS JACKSON MICHAEL C. SAUER AATIF M. SHEIKH AUDRA L. TAYLOR JEFFREY L. THOMAS BRETT H. VENABLE CHRISTINE M. WATSON JOHN E. WHITE TRACY M. WILSON CHARLES D. ZIMMERMAN, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SPECIALIST CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
NORMAN W. GILL III DONALD L. GOSS CHAD A. KOENIG VANESSA M. MEYER JESSE K. ORTEL MICHAEL A. ROBERTSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY VETERINARY CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
DERRON A. ALVES NICOLE A. CHEVALIER JENNIFER M. KISHIMORI THOMAS KOHLER KEVIN W. NEMELKA LARRY J. SHELTON, JR. CHAD A. WEDDELL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
CHANTIL A. ALEXANDER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
CLIFFORD D. JOHNSTON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL’S CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
YEVGENY S. VINDMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
DAVID G. OTT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
REINALDO GONZALEZ II THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
GEOFFREY J. COLE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
JEFFREY D. MCCOY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY DENTAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
JOSEPH T. ALWAN AARON H. AMANO MARIAMAWET D. AMBACHEW LLOYD A. ANCMAN CAMERON D. ANDREW REVENDA B. BEBAWI GURVINDER S. BHATTI RANDOLPH E. BIRSCH OZREN T. BUNTAK RICHARD S. CARLILE CARLESHA J. CHAMBERS ALICIA Y. K. CHOI JUSTIN T. CHUNG PAMELA S. COTTON PAUL J. CRITES ARI C. CYLUS KEVIN D. DALLING LOC V. DANG KATHERINE M. DARLINGLUND STEVEN P. DELGADO JON J. DYER JACOB J. C. ENGLAND EMANUEL N. ENIME REBECCA L. FRONHEISER JOSHUA D. GAILEY JOHN H. GITTINS JENNA D. GODWIN KURT B. GOODELL CHARLES V. GRIFE III MATTHEW W. HILLIS JUN S. HONG JEFFREY B. INGALLS DAVID S. JACOBSON JAY D. JENSEN CHANGHEE JIN AKEELE A. JOHNSON CAMERON R. JOHNSON JEE Y. KIM DREW T. KRENA MICHAEL A. KROLL CHRISTY I. LEE KEANE R. LINDBLAD CHRISTOPHER J. LUEVANO CHRISTOPHER T. LUND REGINA B. MAR DAWNYETTA R. MARABLE ROBERT E. MASTERSON MIRELA MEMIC BRENT A. NICHOL JENNETTE B. OBRYHIM TRAVIS L. OCHSNER DONALD C. OGBUEHI RANDAL A. PARIS AARON S. PFAFF GARTH T. PORTER ABBY L. RAYMOND DAVID A. REZNICK DONALD G. RICE PAIGE E. RIDDLE JESSICA A. ROEBER ALEX J. ROTH MICHAEL J. SEMIDEY KRISTIANNE N. SINCLAIR JOSHUA T. SPARKS JONATHAN Y. STATESON JOSEPH R. SUTTON FAIZA TALYBOVA WILLIAM H. TEMPLE JESSE C. THOMPSON WILLIAM J. TINCHER MIGDALIA TORRES JACOB N. WEIGLE JOHN L. WIETHOLDER NICHOLAS D. WILSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: To be major 
DUSTIN M. ALBERT WILBUR L. ALLEN GADIEL R. ALVARADO SYLVIA M. ALVARADO JACQUELINE A. ANDERSON ADRIAN K. ARNETT SIFUENTES W. ARROYO HARRIS M. BALOCH JAKE B. BARNARD DEREK P. BAUDOIN JEANNIE L. BAY BETSEY K. BEAN KNOX J. BEASLEY ERIK B. BECKER ROBERTO A. BELLI NICK F. BENNETT BRIAN C. BENSON CHRISTOPHER R. BICKETT JASON R. BINGHAM ERIC S. BISHOP TERIN H. BLANCHARD ANDREW D. BLOOM LINDSEY B. BORGIA MARC A. BOUCHARD IAN A. BRECKENRIDGE CHRISTOPHER B. BROOKS CAMERON A. BROWN JEFFREY A. BROWN JENNIFER A. BROWN TONI L. BUCHHEIT BLAKE R. BUSEY CASSANDRA L. CARDARELLI DEAN P. CARDI ANDRIA M. CARUSO CHRISTINA D. CASAS JONI L. CASTANEDA DONALD M. CHAFFEE III DAVID CHANG ALICE Y. P. CHEN PATRICK M. CHESLEY JAY J. CHOI MARGARET E. CLARK ANDREW W. CLEVELAND ELAINE M. CLEVELAND SEAN P. CODIER ROBERT L. COHEN WILLIAM C. COLE JAMES C. COLEMAN STACYANN S. COMER NATHANIAL K. COPELAND JUSTIN E. COSTELLO DANIEL J. COUGHLIN JAMES E. COYLE COREY M. CRONRATH SCOTT A. CYGAN ERIKA M. CYR CHRISTOPHER M. DALY JOSEPH H. DANNENBAUM IV DANIEL C. DEROSA RAFFAELLA DEROSA SANDEEP T. DHANJAL JAMIE L. DIAZ JUAN C. DIAZ JASON A. DICKENS CARMINA A. DOMINGO CHASE M. DONALDSON MICHAEL A. DONOHUE DENNIS C. DRINKWATER NOEL A. DUNN KATELYN E. EARLS HANNIBAL S. ECCLES JACK B. ELLIS JONATHAN R. EPPERSON JUSTIN J. ERNAT JAMES J. ERNST DOUGLAS M. FARMER ANDREW T. FELDMAN STACEY L. FENNELL EMILIO FENTANES AARON D. FIELDEN ABRAHAM C. FISH ROSS D. FLAKE PETER M. FORMBY JONATHAN P. FRANCIS BENJAMIN T. FRANKLIN LORI M. FREETAGE DANIELLA D. FREMSTAD NICHOLAS L. FRIEDMAN ERIK R. FROST MEGHAN GALER KEYNA A. GALVIN OLUWASEYI A. GBADEALABI AMAYA GEORGE TANYATORN GHANJANASAK CATHERINE A. GILL SHAUN D. GILL STACEY A. GOOD SARAH M. GORDON MARISA L. GOSSWEILER JOYCELYNN R. GRAY DEANNE E. GRAYSON ROBERT F. GREENWOOD DEVON W. GREER WILLIAM P. GRIMES CALVIN GRUBBS JEFFREY B. HAINSWORTH INGRID J. HANSEN MARTIN J. HARRIS NICOLE M. HARRISON TAARA S. HASSAN BRADLEY S. HAVINS SHANE A. HAWKSWORTH SARAH M. HEATON RUSS P. HENRIET SOPHIA M. HERMANN BRADEN J. HESTERMANN STEPHANIE L. HIGHTOWER BRANDON R. HILL ALEXYS J. HILLMAN ADAM C. HINES RAHE N. HIRALDODELGADO JUSTIN M. HIRE MATTHEW B. HOCH MARK S. H. HSIAO JOSEPH C. F. HUANG NIKHIL A. HUPRIKAR CHRISTINA M. HYLDEN GRACE I. IDEMUDIA OKEZIE C. IGBOELI HEATHER O. IROBUNDA CHRISTOPHER J. IWANOFF JEREMY M. JACOBS ERIK S. JOHNSON JESSICA L. JOHNSON JOHN D. JOHNSON MICHAEL A. L. JOHNSON MARSHA L. JOHNSONWILLIAMS AJAY S. KALLAM WILLIS A. KANN AMAR S. KAPUR JONATHAN J. K. KEUNG PATRICK W. KICKER ANDREW KIM DANIEL J. T. KIM EUGENE I. KIM BRADLEY J. KINDER JACQUELINE N. KIRCHER MATTHEW P. KLICK LUKE D. F. KRAUTTER MIKHAIL J. KUPRIAN NICHOLAS R. LANGAN AARON M. LAWRENCE CLIFTON P. LAYMAN ALBERT J. LEE JANGWON LEE JIN K. LEE JAZMIN L. LESNICK CLAYTON J. LEWIS TERRENCE D. LEWIS ANDRE C. L. LIEM RANDI J. LINDSTROM DEMIS N. LIPE GEOFFREY A. LOH EVELYN M. LOMASNEY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.006 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5298 September 6, 2016 
WILLIAM A. L. LONDEREE CHRISTOPHER D. LOWE MATTHEW J. LUCAS RHIANNON N. MAIN CHRISTOPHER W. MANGIERI KEVIN F. MASKELL, JR. MICHELLE S. MAUST STACEY J. H. MCCLINTICK SARAH B. MCCULLOUGH ROBERT J. MCCULLY CARL L. MCMULLEN ERIN N. MCMULLEN JULISSA MENDOZA HEATH R. MERKLEY DAVID W. MIEDEMA JEFFREY M. MILCH NATHANIAL R. MILETTA MATTHEW C. MILLER MECHELLE A. MILLER THOMAS A. MITCHELL CHARLES H. MOORE ROBERT M. MOORE MALDONADO C. MOTA BETSY S. MURRAY JOSHUA A. NEAL MICHAEL O. NEEDHAM TRESA L. NESBITT RONALD L. NEWCOMB NATHAN S. NIELSEN GILBERTO A. NIEVES KELLY A. NIEVES MATTHEW R. NOSS ANDREW S. OH JOHNATHON C. OHAGAN DUSTIN W. OKEEFE PATRICK F. ONEIL DIONISIO ORTIZ TARA K. ORTIZ THADDEUS M. PAJAK TIMOTHY S. PARK ROSS PARKER INDURUWA N. PATHIRANA JOSEPH T. PATTERSON ASHLEIGH R. PAVEY GABRIEL J. PAVEY EMILY R. PENICK MATTHEW J. PERKINS MATTHEW R. PETERSON MATTHEW L. PIEROTTI VLATKA S. PLYMALE LAUREN E. POTTS CHRISTOPHER N. PREMO LAURA E. PURDY EAMONN M. QUINN THOMAS J. RAJ TYLER J. RAYMOND BRADLEY A. REDICK CAITLYN M. RERUCHA DAVID A. REYNOLDS GARRETT M. RIPOLL IAN W. RITER KATHARINE K. ROBERTS JACOB W. ROBINSON JESSICA E. ROSALES BENJAMIN J. ROSEN JOSEPH L. ROSWARSKI CARSON H. ROWELL MICHAEL R. ROWLAND ANDREW N. SALOMON HAROON SAMAR CHAD A. SANDER HARJESUS S. SANDHU ROBERT C. SAWYER ANDREW M. SCHAFFRINNA PAUL C. SCHUNK JOHN H. SCHWARTZ NANCY D. SEIN JAMES S. SHAHA ROBERT R. SHAWHAN JONATHAN N. SHERROD CHARLES A. SIBLEY MICHELLE C. G. SIGNS REEMA R. SIKKA DOUGLAS D. SNODGRASS MICHAL J. SOBIESZCZYK NICOLE M. SOLANA SARAH W. SPRIET MICHAEL E. STACHNIAK STEWART A. STANCIL SALLY D. STASIO LAURA E. STOCKWELL SARAH L. STRICKLAND MEENAKSHISUNDAR SUBRAMANIAN JARED A. SUTTON JACOB A. SWANN MISTY J. THOMPSON RODNEY L. THOMPSON TIMOTHY D. THOMPSON ERWIN A. TIEVA SAMUEL M. TIGLAO JASON B. TILLEY EUNICE TORRES OLLI T. TOUKOLEHTO STEVEN K. TRONCONE KWOKYAN W. TSOI ANDREW G. TURNER DANA C. UGWU COURTNEY R. USRY AARON J. VANDENBOS ABIGAIL K. VARGO LAUREN M. VASTA CESAR L. VELAZQUEZNEGRON RYAN C. VETOR TAYLOR F. VICE WILLIAM V. VOGT VINCENT N. VU CHRISTOPHER P. WAGNER MATTHEW J. WEEKS BENJAMIN O. WEGER GEORGE A. WENNERBERG, JR. KATIE L. WESTERFIELD JONATHAN WEYAND MATTHEW R. WILLIAMS REGINA E. WILLIAMS ASHLEY D. WILLOUGHBY KELVIN S. WILSON CHRISTINE A. WINTER BRANDON T. WOODS MARC F. WUERDEMAN BRADY L. YATES AMY A. M. YAU BRIAN YOON ANDREY YUSUPOV SHOSHANA ZHENG KIMBERLY C. ZIBERT JENNIFER E. ZUCCARELLI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AS CHAPLAINS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
BUSTER D. AKERS, JR. ALWYNMICHAEL S. ALBANO THOMAS E. ALLEN GEOFFREY N. BAILEY DOUGLAS H. BALL II PAUL T. BERGHAUS RICKEY W. BRUNSON DARREN J. CHESTER ROBERT J. CROWLEY BRIAN D. CURRY CHRISTOPHER E. DICKEY DOUGLAS T. DOWNS THOMAS J. FAICHNEY EDWARD H. FRANKLIN MATTHEW L. GIBSON KENNETH M. GODWIN, JR. JOHN M. GRAUER DARRICK M. GUTTING MATTHEW A. HALL SUK KIM MATTHEW S. KREIDER ANDREW F. LAWRENCE JOHN P. MANUEL JAMES R. MCCAY, JR. MICHAEL F. MCDONALD KEVIN J. NIEHOFF GLENN A. PALMER TIMOTHY R. REYNOLDS CHRISTOPHER D. RICE ROGER B. RODRIQUEZ DAMON D. SAXTON STEVE SHIN STANLEY V. SMITH KEVIN E. WAINWRIGHT KYLE L. WELCH MICHAEL T. ZELL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
RICHARD L. WEAVER 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
RICHARD M. CAMARENA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
THOMAS M. HEARTY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR TEMPORARY APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 5721: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JULIO A. ALARCON ANGELA M. BALOGH PATRICK M. BELL PETER R. BLEDAY BENJAMIN A. BROOKS TRAVIS S. BROWN MARK S. BUONOMO IAN G. BYNUM ALAN P. CABILING ANTON L. CALHOUN JOSHUA M. CASTANEDA NICHOLAS J. CICHUCKI KURTIS R. DANIELS FRANK E. FERRELL TRISTAN M. GLODECK JUAN J. HUIZAR BRIAN C. JUSKIEWICZ SARAH K. LYNCH MICHAEL Q. MATT SOHN D. MCGOUGH FRANK K. MCQUIDDY NATHAN W. MITICH NEAL N. NELSON JAKUB NOWAKOWSKI KEVIN P. OMALLEY MICHAEL J. PRICE BRETT P. ROBBLEE, JR. CHRISTOPHER P. ROCHE BRYAN D. SCOTT PEDRO A. SERRANO ELLIOTT P. SKILES SHAWN M. STELZEL JOHNNY L. STEVENSON, JR. MATTHEW M. SWEZEY ADAM R. TURPIN JEFFREY E. VANDENENGEL JEREMY C. VANGELDER BRIAN M. VIETHS JODI M. WILLIAMS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant commander 
ROLANDA A. FINDLAY CAITLIN M. MCCORD DAPHNE P. MORRISONPONCE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
RUSSELL A. MAYNARD 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR APPOINT-MENT AS A FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CONSULAR OF-FICER AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: JORGE A. ABUDEI, OF FLORIDA DANIEL C. ACKER, OF NORTH CAROLINA JAMES T. ALLMAN-GULINO, OF VIRGINIA SOREN G. ANDERSEN, OF COLORADO ALEX F. ANDREW, OF TENNESSEE ZOHRA ATMAR, OF VIRGINIA ELENA C. AUGUSTINE, OF WASHINGTON MICHAEL P. BALL, OF VIRGINIA TYLER W. BEEBOUT, OF WYOMING NANCY J. BRANT, OF RHODE ISLAND KEVIN L. BRENDLE, OF FLORIDA JASON F. BROWN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ALICE L. CARUSO, OF ARIZONA LAUREN P. CERIMELE-WELCH, OF NEW YORK TINA K. DAUOD-AKGUC, OF VIRGINIA SHARON M. DAVIES, OF ILLINOIS VANESSA ROBIN DE BRUYN, OF WASHINGTON RAFAEL DIAZ, OF NEVADA DANIEL B. DOLAN, OF PENNSYLVANIA STEPHEN E. DREIKORN, OF MICHIGAN LAUREN T. DUNHAM, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ALEXANDER J. DUNOYE, OF CALIFORNIA ERIK V. E. EISELE, OF TEXAS RAYNA K. FARNSWORTH, OF ARIZONA BROCK D. FOX, OF SOUTH DAKOTA JAMES S. GARDINER, OF TEXAS KENNETH C. GARDNER, JR., OF PENNSYLVANIA CALEB J. GODDARD, OF CALIFORNIA JOSE A. GUTIERREZ, OF TEXAS JACOB A. HALL, OF CALIFORNIA THOMAS LEON HAYES, OF TENNESSEE AMY B. HEBERT, OF COLORADO KENISE D. HILL, OF MICHIGAN JOSEPHINE G. HINMAN, OF NEW JERSEY ANDREW BLAYNE HOLTZ, OF NEW YORK KATHERINE H. HOOPS, OF MINNESOTA SARA L. HORNER, OF NEW JERSEY ANDREW W. HUDSON, OF FLORIDA HEATHER YANG HWALEK, OF MAINE BRENDAN C. JAMES, OF FLORIDA OWEN R. JOHNS, OF WASHINGTON LESLIE L. JOHNSON, OF PENNSYLVANIA TIMOTHY N. JOHNSON, OF NEW YORK DANIEL N. KANIGAN, OF UTAH ELAINE VICTORIA KELLEY, OF VIRGINIA BRANIGAN M. KNOWLTON, OF UTAH GRIFFIN P. LENOIR, OF TEXAS DALE H. LIM, OF CALIFORNIA MEGHAN H. LUECKE, OF CALIFORNIA MOHINI A. MADGAVKAR, OF TEXAS CHARLES W. MALINAK, OF NEW YORK MICHELLE L. MARTINEZ, OF IDAHO CHARLES A. MATACK, OF CALIFORNIA AMELIA S. MATHIAS, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT M. MCDONALD, OF CALIFORNIA ARIADNE C. MEDLER, OF FLORIDA ELIZABETH P. MEYER, OF VIRGINIA THERESA A. MEYER, OF TEXAS MICHELLE A. MILARDO, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE HELEN Y. NO, OF CALIFORNIA CHRISTIAN R. OLSEN, OF MARYLAND MARK S. PADGETT, JR., OF WEST VIRGINIA LEONARD T. PERRY, OF SOUTH CAROLINA NORMAN R. PFLANZ, OF NEBRASKA GREGORY J. PORTER, OF PENNSYLVANIA STEPHANIE J. PORTER, OF MINNESOTA RAFAEL ANDRADE RAVELO, OF PUERTO RICO LUIS E. REINOSO, OF VIRGINIA JACOB M. ROCCA, OF TEXAS CATHERINE A. RODEN, OF ALABAMA JAMES C. ROSS, OF COLORADO LAURA WILSON RUSS, OF CALIFORNIA MARK A. SAAVEDRA, OF CALIFORNIA EHREN SCOTT SCHIMMEL, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE ETAN J. SCHWARTZ, OF NEW JERSEY MARTIN B. SCHWARTZ, OF CALIFORNIA EILA M. SEPULVEDA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JOHN A. SIMMONS, OF MISSOURI SYDNEY S. SMITH, OF MICHIGAN LISA A. SPINK, OF VIRGINIA MARIA STAVROPOULOS, OF MASSACHUSETTS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A06SE6.008 S06SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5299 September 6, 2016 
PAUL D. STILLEY, OF NEVADA ALEXANDER L. SUDEROW, OF MASSACHUSETTS ERIC J. SULLIVAN, OF FLORIDA NATALIA T. SUSAK, OF VIRGINIA JAMIE LYNN SUTTER, OF OHIO ERIC S. SWINN, OF TEXAS JONATHAN C. TO, OF ARKANSAS CHRISTIAN E. TORRES, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MARK F. TROCINSKI, OF COLORADO VICTORIA L. VALERGA, OF TEXAS ALEXANDER T. WALD, OF CONNECTICUT PAULETTA M. WALSH, OF CALIFORNIA ADAM J. WEISE, OF FLORIDA LINDSEY K. WHITEHEAD, OF FLORIDA VANESSA TOUFAILY WHITTINGTON, OF TEXAS SUSANNAH T. WOOD, OF NORTH CAROLINA EMILY V. ZEEBERG, OF VIRGINIA CLARE NICHOLSON ZIMMERMAN, OF PENNSYLVANIA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF CAREER MINISTER, EFFECTIVE FEB-RUARY 21, 2016: DEBORAH KAY JONES, OF NEW MEXICO THE FOLLOWING-NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE TO BE A CON-SULAR OFFICER AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: JOHN ROBERT ADAMS, OF VIRGINIA SHEFALI AGRAWAL, OF CALIFORNIA ILONA ALEKSANDROVA, OF NEW YORK SHEEBA SAN ANTONIO, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL THOMAS BARNES, OF VIRGINIA CASSANDRA LOUISE BARRETT, OF TEXAS BERGEN NICHOLE BASSETT, OF VIRGINIA BRIAN MICHAEL BASSETT, OF VIRGINIA RYNE JAY BELL, OF VIRGINIA SCOTT BELL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ANDREW JAMES BENSON, OF VIRGINIA SOPHIA AZEB BERHIE, OF WEST VIRGINIA THOMAS BOYD BILLINGSLEY, OF WASHINGTON DAVID BASHIRIAN BISHOP, OF PENNSYLVANIA ARYN L. BLOODWORTH, OF COLORADO STEPHANIE M. BOHLEN, OF WASHINGTON DAVID R. BONASSO, OF VIRGINIA SANDRA ANN BOWERS, OF TENNESSEE SALLY F. BOYLE, OF ARIZONA JOHN ANTHONY BRUNETTI, OF VIRGINIA JEFFREY CANNON, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW CARROLL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ALEXIS RANATA CARTER, OF MARYLAND QUAISHIONA CARTER, OF MASSACHUSETTS ALLISON G. CARTER OLSON, OF VIRGINIA DOUGLAS CHINYUL CHOI, OF TEXAS DILLON MICHAEL CLANCY, OF FLORIDA KATHLEEN ANN COLEMAN, OF VIRGINIA DANIELA X. CORNEJO SUAREZ, OF VIRGINIA DEETTA CRAVENS, OF OKLAHOMA MELISSA JENAI-LEE CRAWFORD, OF MICHIGAN ELENA E. CREASON, OF CALIFORNIA DEBORAH R. DAVID, OF FLORIDA SONIA GORAVANCHI DE BURGOS, OF VIRGINIA ANA HILDA DE LA CRUZ, OF NEW YORK AMY CHRISTINE DELAMAIDE, OF KANSAS CHRISTOPHER JAMES DEVITO, OF NEW YORK JILL AMANN DILOSA, OF TEXAS PAUL M. DIPLACIDI, OF VIRGINIA MITCHELL DAMON DOBBS, OF ALABAMA CARL A. D’OLEO-LUNDGREN, OF VIRGINIA LARRY VAL DUMLAO, JR., OF HAWAII LISA STRAUCH EGGERS, OF WASHINGTON NURSULTAN ABDUMANAPOVICH ELDOSOV, OF OHIO JESSICA LYNN ELMSHAEUSER, OF COLORADO SARA ELSAYED, OF ILLINOIS LANCE B. ENCE, OF VIRGINIA DOUGLAS ROBERT ENZLER, OF VIRGINIA LAURA ELIZABETH SMITH ETTABBAKH, OF PENNSYL-VANIA GLENFORD A. EVERSLEY, OF FLORIDA NADINE FAROUQ, OF VIRGINIA EDMUND FERGUSON, OF VIRGINIA SCOTT W. FERRIS, OF VIRGINIA SARA ANNE FEUERSTEIN, OF NEW YORK MATTHEW WILLIAM FLANNES, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA MATTHEW B. FOX, OF VIRGINIA JONATHAN MCLAUGHLIN FRIST, OF TENNESSEE JENNIFER GAROFALINI, OF NEW YORK DEREK NICHOLAS GATES, OF TEXAS ROBERT NORRIS GILLETTE, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL J. GLASER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA LUKE ANTHONY GOOLSBY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA MICHAEL H. GRITZBAUGH, OF NEW MEXICO SANDRA CAROL GUTIERREZ, OF MARYLAND BRET M. HEIDEMANN, OF COLORADO JAMES EBER HENDERSON, OF VIRGINIA JESSICA LEE HESSE, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL HOFMANN, OF VIRGINIA MOLLY MCPHERSON HOLLOWELL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CHRISTOPHER IREDALE, OF VIRGINIA NATHAN G. JENSEN, OF VIRGINIA SVEN JENSEN, OF TEXAS LEO A. JILK, OF MINNESOTA JENNIFER LYNN JOHNSON GRANADOS, OF MINNESOTA JAMES BRICE JORDAN, OF NORTH CAROLINA CHAD DANIEL KINNEAR, OF INDIANA JOHN P. KONDOS, OF VIRGINIA XIANGTONG KONG, OF OHIO JI–HYEUN KWON-MIN, OF NEW YORK JOSHUA MURRY LAMB, OF INDIANA KHUN MIN LAPHAI, OF VIRGINIA AFFINDI LEWIS, OF VIRGINIA VICTORIA PAIGE LOCKHART, OF VIRGINIA DAVID LUNA, OF NEW JERSEY COREY MAENDER, OF VIRGINIA MADELYN ANNE MORTRUDE MAHON, OF MINNESOTA MAWUSI MALIK, OF ARIZONA RUTH TRIPLETT MCBRIDE, OF VIRGINIA KRISTEN ANN MCDONALD, OF VIRGINIA GISELA DAMARIS MEEKS, OF TEXAS LESLEY DIANE MILLER, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW SETH MOFFAT, OF CONNECTICUT MARGARET MONAHAN, OF MARYLAND APRIL LAVERNE MORGAN, OF MARYLAND ZOE K. MOULTON, OF VIRGINIA AMANDA KATE MULLINS-HALL, OF VIRGINIA JUDITH L. MURDEN, OF FLORIDA CONNOR TAISHU MYERS, OF OREGON WILLIAM DAVID NADIR, OF VIRGINIA ZEHRA NAQVI, OF NEW YORK WILLIAM NASH, OF ILLINOIS DANIELLE CHRISTINE NESMITH, OF MARYLAND NICHOLAS P. NEWTON, OF VIRGINIA ERIC CHRISTIAN NISCHAN, OF VIRGINIA KEVIN O’DRISCOLL, OF VIRGINIA ROSS LAURENCE OERMANN, OF VIRGINIA JAMES ARMSTRONG PALMER, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA JAMES L. PAPAZIS, OF VIRGINIA TANNER CLARK PARKINSON, OF VIRGINIA JENNIFER ANNETTE PARRISH, OF VIRGINIA SHAWN PEEBLES, OF FLORIDA DESDEMONA BELLE PENASCINO, OF VIRGINIA MINDY CARROL PETROVITCH, OF FLORIDA NANCY ALICE PFOST, OF VIRGINIA ELIZABETH PINEDO, OF INDIANA DANA PINOLI, OF FLORIDA PRZEMYSLAW MACIEJ PRASZCZALEK, OF TEXAS WALTER QUINTANILLA, OF CALIFORNIA JOSE F. RAMIREZ-RIVERA, OF PUERTO RICO LEVI BURKHOLDER RENNO, OF VIRGINIA KATHERINE THERESA RIEDEL, OF VIRGINIA JONATHAN ROSE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ELIZABETH ANN ROTHSTEIN, OF VIRGINIA KEOME ROWE, OF TEXAS ABDULAZIZ SAID, OF COLORADO ELISABETH MARJORIE SALVAGGIO, OF VIRGINIA LAURA ERION SANDERS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA KELLY COLLEEN SAVEL, OF OHIO GORDON SAYRE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ALICIA CRISTINA SERRIE, OF VIRGINIA NICOLE TERESE SHIRE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AMY ALLYN SIMMS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA KENTON PHILLIP SLAUGHTER, OF GEORGIA ELIZABETH JANE SONDAG, OF VIRGINIA SYLVIA I. STANKOVA-LOOMIS, OF WISCONSIN ANDREW JOSEPH STEVENSON, OF WASHINGTON DONALD J. STONE, OF COLORADO KATHRYN PAGE STRONG, OF TEXAS SUSAN DEL CARMEN TAPIA, OF FLORIDA DAVID VANCE TRUONG, OF TEXAS JEFFREY EUGENE VANOVERBEKE, OF VIRGINIA KATHLEEN LOUISE HANSON VARVEL, OF WASHINGTON JUDIT VISONTAI, OF CALIFORNIA CYNTHIA SHARON WAITE, OF GEORGIA FRANK EDWARD WALKUP, OF VIRGINIA DANIELLE RENEE WARD, OF VIRGINIA JESSICA WEST, OF MARYLAND DANIEL SHANE WHITE, OF VIRGINIA DAVID CHRISTOPHER WILCOX, OF FLORIDA TRACY JOY WILLETT, OF VIRGINIA HAMISH WILMAN, OF VIRGINIA GARETH JOHN WILTON, OF VIRGINIA JOHN ERIC WRIGHT, OF CALIFORNIA KATHERINE WRIGHT, OF FLORIDA LAURA P. WRIGHT, OF VIRGINIA ABIGAYLE ANNE YOCOM, OF VIRGINIA STEPHEN YOO, OF VIRGINIA ALAN YOUNG, OF CALIFORNIA THOMAS YURICK, OF VIRGINIA AMANDA M. ZEIDAN, OF GEORGIA DAVID M. ZWICK, OF MARYLAND 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:00 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD16\SEP2016\S06SE6.REC S06SE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1171 September 6, 2016 
THE HONORABLE MARK TAKAI 
HON. JUDY CHU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, as Chair of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, I rise today to honor our colleague and friend, the Honorable Kyle Mark Takai of Hawaii, who passed away on July 20, 2016 at the age of 49 after a hard fought bat-tle with pancreatic cancer. Mark was a true patriot, public servant, and friend who truly had the ‘‘aloha spirit.’’ From a young age, Mark’s parents instilled in him a love of service and giving back to his commu-nity. This strong commitment to improving the lives of the people of Hawaii and all Ameri-cans was integrally woven into the fabric of his distinguished military and public service ca-reer. A graduate of the University of Hawaii, Mark was elected to the Hawaii State House of Representatives in 1994 at the age of 27 to represent his home district of Pearl City, Ha-waii. He served for two decades before being elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 2014. Throughout his tenure in the Hawaii State legislature, he was a strong champion for the military and our veterans, a cause he continued to champion in the U.S. Congress as a member of the House Armed Services Committee. As a proud member of the Hawaii Army National Guard who was deployed to the Middle East in 2009 as part of Operation Iraqi Freedom, Mark understood firsthand the sac-rifice that our military men and women make every day to protect our freedoms and never stopped fighting for them. As a member of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC) in Con-gress, his vision and contributions helped to improve the lives of Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians, and Pacific Islanders all across this country. This included notable efforts to reunite Filipino World War II veterans with their loved ones, secure treatment for atomic veterans suffering from service-related radi-ation exposure, and to commemorate the pa-triotism of Japanese Americans during World War II. Mark was also a strong proponent for can-cer research. In fact, I will never forget the tears in his eyes when he first learned about Vice President J
OEBIDEN’s Cancer Moonshot initiative and the warm embrace they shared at the House Democratic Retreat. It gave Mark and millions of Americans hope that we will fi-nally find a cure for cancer. In his memory, we will continue hoping and fighting until this be-comes a reality. We in CAPAC value the privilege we had to work with Mark in Congress, and will never forget his warmth, kindness, and strong dedi-cation to bettering our community and our country. On behalf of the 50 Members of CAPAC, I thank Mark for his lifetime of leader-ship and service. I also thank his wife, Sami, their children, Matthew and Kaila, and his par-ents, Erik and Naomi, for sharing Mark with us and the people of Hawaii. The Asian American and Pacific Islander community has lost one of its great leaders, but his legacy will continue to live on through the lives he touched and the individuals he will continue to inspire for generations to come. f 
HONORING WILLIAM M. HALKE OF PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I honor my constituent, Major William M. Halke, on his re-tirement upon more than 40 years of military and civilian service with the United States Army. Major Halke was a Reserve Officers’ Train-ing Corps (ROTC) scholarship recipient and attended the University of Maine. He com-pleted his M.S. degree in Logistics Systems Management from the University of Southern California’s Viterbi School of Engineering via the GI Bill. He served more than 9 years in active military service, deployed to South Korea and Fort Lewis, Washington. Major Halke now retires after many years of civilian service with the United States Army Test and Evaluation Command. Major Halke’s tireless dedication, profes-sionalism and sacrifice touched the lives of countless people and challenged all with whom he served to be the best. His legacy of service to our Nation is admirable and sets the standard for all to follow. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, with great pride I commend and congratulate Major William M. Halke upon his retirement after 40 years of selfless service to the United States of America. 
f 
UNITED STATES FINANCIAL SYSTEM PROTECTION ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I strongly op-pose the Financial Services Protection Act of 2016 (H.R. 4992). Unfortunately, I could not be in DC to vote against the bill as I was home in Minneapolis for the funeral of Philando Castile. This bill undercuts the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), also known as the Iran nuclear deal, by disrupting permissible fi-nancial transactions between Iran and the rest of the international community that occur com-pletely outside the U.S. financial system. The Financial Services Protection Act of 2016 ac-complishes this by reapplying secondary sanc-tions barring Iranian access to U.S. dollars in all situations, even in exchanges that do not involve a U.S. bank or pass through the U.S. financial system. This provision effectively subjects non-U.S. banks to the restrictions im-posed on U.S. banks regarding dollar-denomi-nated transactions with Iran. This particular sanction barring all Iranian access to the U.S. dollar was lifted on the JCPOA’s Implementation Day in return for Iran taking significant steps to meet its nuclear-re-lated commitments, as verified by the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). If this sanction were to be re-imposed, it would make Iran’s reintegration into the global financial system incredibly difficult and likely negate much of the relief promised by the JCPOA. In the Financial Services Protection Act of 2016 becomes law, our partners and Iran would both have reason to question our com-mitment to the nuclear deal, and Iran would likely seriously question the continued benefits of compliance with the nuclear deal. There-fore, the provisions contained within this bill could open a path for Iran to restart its nuclear program. This would put the nuclear deal at risk, undermine our national security interests, and significantly damage U.S. credibility and leadership abroad. The JCPOA is a historic diplomatic achieve-ment. It has not only constrained Iran’s nu-clear program and led to the dismantlement of key components of the program, but also sub-jected the program to unprecedented verification and monitoring requirements. Simply put, the JCPOA ensures that Iran’s nuclear program is and continues to be peace-ful. As long as Iran continues to meet its com-mitments, we too must keep our commitments. Thus I oppose this bill. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. SEBASTIAN SILVEIRA 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Mr. Sebastian Silveira for his service to my office and California’s Central Valley. Mr. Silveira was born on September 23, 1990 in Hanford, California to David and Mary Lou Silveira. After attending St. Rose McCar-thy Catholic School in Hanford, California, Mr. Silveira went on to receive his Bachelor’s De-gree in Agriculture Business with a minor in Water Law and Policy from California Poly-technic State University in San Luis Obispo, California. As a young adult, Mr. Silveira first showed an interest in public service as an intern for Congressman D
EVIN NUNES where he worked diligently and earned the respect of many of his peers. After working for Congressman N
UNES , Mr. Silveira was hired in January of 2014 as a Field Representative in my Hanford, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06SE8.001 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1172 September 6, 2016 
California Congressional Office. His hard work was apparent early on and he was soon pro-moted to Senior Field Representative, a posi-tion in which he has excelled. Mr. Silveira’s strong work ethic has grown during his tenure, which is evident by his commitment to con-stituent events and his passion for water pol-icy. As one of the most important issues in the Twenty-First Congressional District, Mr. Silveira has worked to become a trusted advi-sor on water related issues. Outside of work, Mr. Silveria is a pillar in our local community. He volunteers his time at the local food bank and helps to serve meals to those in need at a local soup kitchen once a week. Mr. Silveira is an active member in both the Kings County Young Republicans and the Kings County Republican Party Central Com-mittee. In addition, Mr. Silveira enjoys spend-ing time and helping his family on their vine-yard, which has contributed immensely to his knowledge and interest in wine making. Mr. Silveira’s time with my office came to a close on July 29, 2016 when he left to attend the McGeorge School of Law in Sacramento, California. Knowing Mr. Silveira, his character, and his work ethic, I have no doubt that he will achieve many great things in his future. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Sebastian Silveira for his public service to the people of the Central Valley and wishing him well as he embarks on the next chapter of his life. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALAN SCHENCK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Alan Schenck of Clarinda, Iowa for being inducted into the 2016 Iowa Senior Olympics Hall of Fame Class. As a Clarinda native, Alan has always ex-celled in athletic competition. He got his start in 1973 at the University of Iowa where he was part of not only the swimming and diving team for three years, but also the Iowa Hawk-eyes football team for two years. During his time at the University of Iowa his love for ath-letics and competition grew and his enthu-siasm continues still, today. Alan has taken his passion for athletics and successfully made himself one of the most accomplished athletes to ever take part in the Iowa Senior Olympics. All across the Midwest Alan has won numer-ous medals in swimming, diving and track & field. He has participated in the games for 14 years and accumulated an impressive medal count, reaching almost 200 overall medals. Alan’s impressive resume doesn’t stop with his lifelong athletic achievements. He served his country during the Vietnam War as a member of the Air Force and now continues his involvement in a number of veteran organi-zations. He is a member of the American Le-gion, the Sons of American Legions and the Sons of the Confederate Veterans Organiza-tion. Earlier this year, Alan was also appointed to serve on my Service Academy and Review Board to help select four young people from Iowa’s Third Congressional District to attend each of the four United States Service Acad-emies. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Alan for his induction into the 2016 Iowa Sen-ior Olympics Hall of Fame Class. I am proud to represent Alan in the United States Con-gress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Alan Schenck and wishing him nothing but continued success. f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF JOHN ‘‘PETE’’ KIRBY 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to acknowledge my constituent, Chief John ‘‘Pete’’ Kirby, from Centreville, Virginia. Chief Kirby will be hanging up his gear for the final time after 40 years of combined service with the Vienna and Centreville Volunteer Fire De-partments. From a young age, Pete was infatuated with the heroic service demonstrated by his local volunteer fire department. Following the foot-steps of his uncle and idol, Austin Kirby, Pete began his public service 40 years ago when he joined the Vienna Volunteer Fire Depart-ment at age 16. Over the years, his hard work and positive outlook led him on a path to becoming Chief of the Centreville Volunteer Fire Department (CVFD). His time with the CVFD has been marked by efficiently leading his firefighters, as well as guiding the department’s operations in emergency situations. In 2015, Pete was elected to serve as the Third Vice President of the Virginia State Firefighter’s Association. Chief Kirby leaves office with a legacy of hands-on leadership and deep community ties. Known to help those in need, even when off duty, Pete will be missed by all those who knew him. Even though he is leaving his role as the Chief of the Centreville Volunteer Fire Department, I am certain he will continue his role as a local Good Samaritan. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing Chief Kirby’s public work. His desire to serve those in need is commend-able, and I implore each of us to imitate his dedication to duty. I wish Chief John ‘‘Pete’’ Kirby the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF STAND OUT’S DEDICATION TOWARDS MILI-TARY DIVERSITY 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Volunteers of America (VOA) Veterans Services, California Department of Veterans Affairs (CalVet), Los Rios College District, Mather VA Hospital, Women’s Vet-erans Alliance, and Spiritual Warriors as they come together at the Stand Out celebration, recognizing the diversity of those who have served in the military. Additionally, this year marks the five year anniversary of the Don’t Ask Don’t Tell Repeal Act. I ask all my col-leagues to join me in honoring these fine orga-nizations participating in this celebration. The Stand Out event reaches out to North-ern California’s military members and veterans who are underserved in a variety of areas in-cluding healthcare, housing, and employment. This year’s event honors all women and LGBT veterans in the hopes that they will obtain the resources, education, and access to services that have been challenging to pursue, but nonetheless rightfully deserved. California has the largest population of homeless women and LGBT veterans in the nation. Since the transi-tion from military to the civilian sector is chal-lenging and often met with barriers, especially for women and the LGBT community, organi-zations participating in the Stand Out event are working together to ensure that these communities have the information and support to receive their rightful benefits. In participating in the Stand Out celebration, it is important to recognize that all of this progress has not come easily, especially with the fear and hatred that exists for these popu-lations. We thank those who are dedicated to helping these underserved communities of women and LGBT veterans despite the many challenges they have faced along the way. Mr. Speaker, as the members of the Stand Out event celebrate military diversity and the five year anniversary of the Don’t Ask Don’t Tell Repeal Act, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring them for their commitment to women and LGBT veterans. f 
CELEBRATING 125 YEARS OF YORK LODGE NO. 213, BENEVOLENT AND PROTECTIVE ORDER OF ELKS 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I honor the 125th Anniversary of York Lodge No. 213, Be-nevolent and Protective Order of Elks. Since its founding on July 10, 1891, the Lodge has made immeasurable contributions to the wel-fare of our community through countless civic and charitable endeavors. Whether providing college scholarships to local students, back-to-school programs for the children of homeless Veterans and stu-dents living in impoverished areas, drug awareness efforts and many other activities, Elks Lodge No. 213 has served/continues to serve the people of York and the surrounding region. York Lodge No. 213 steadfastly em-bodies its mission to inculcate the principles of charity, justice, brotherly love and fidelity. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, I’m proud to have this orga-nization in our District and congratulate its Members on the 125th Anniversary of the York Lodge No. 213, Benevolent and Protec-tive Order of Elks. 
f 
HONORING TYLER WILLIAMS 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Tyler Williams of Hillsboro, Mis-souri. Tyler is a member of Troop 547 in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.002 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1173 September 6, 2016 
Greater St. Louis Area Boy Scout Council who is being honored in ceremonies today for earning his Eagle Scout Rank on July 21, 2016. For his Eagle Scout Project, Tyler built a ‘‘Welcome to Hillsboro’’ sign for the city. He came up with the idea, helped design the sign, gathered the supplies, raised funds to build it and supervised the construction. He worked a total of 350.2 man hours on the project. Tyler’s scouting career began in Pack 547 where he earned the highest Cub Scout Award, the Arrow of Light. In Boy Scouts, he attended National Youth Leader training and became a member of the Order of the Arrow, the Honor Society of Scouting. He earned 29 merit badges, camped for 110 nights and spent a total of 189.6 hours in community service. His leadership in his troop is un-matched. Tyler is a senior at Hillsboro High School who plans to pursue a career in the computer field. For living by the Scout Oath and Law and being a fine example of how Scouting helps develop America’s future leaders, I am proud to recognize Tyler Williams today before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
HONORING MR. THOMAS LEWIS 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Thomas Lewis, who is being honored today by the Napa County Of-fice of Education as a 2017 Napa County Teacher of the Year. Though he’s a native of Atlanta, Georgia, Mr. Lewis has spent most of his life in Cali-fornia after his family moved west when he was young. He earned his bachelor’s degree in Mathematics from the University of Cali-fornia, Davis before going on to complete his teaching credential at the University of Cali-fornia, Berkeley where he was named Student Teacher of the Year in 1989. Mr. Lewis then moved to Napa County and began teaching math at the middle and high school levels. He currently serves as an Aca-demic Specialist at Harvest Middle School, and is known for making math fun and acces-sible to all of his students. Using both his vast classroom experience and his personal knowl-edge of math, Mr. Lewis creates an engaging and productive classroom where students truly want to learn. Outside the classroom, Mr. Lewis has served as chair of the Math Department, a member of National Council of Teachers of Mathematics, and the Mathletes Coach, help-ing students engage with math in a fun man-ner. To address further needs in his commu-nity, Mr. Lewis started SurferMath, a company which provides math tutoring and other edu-cational services. Mr. Speaker, Thomas Lewis dedicates his time and knowledge to inspiring students to not only learn math, but also to enjoy learning. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor him here today. RECOGNIZING CHARLEY ROBERT TAYLOR HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the decorated football career of Texas native, Charley Robert Taylor. Charley Taylor was born in Grand Prairie, Texas, where he first found his passion for sports. Taylor began his athletic career by playing football during his eighth grade year while attending the then segregated Dalworth High School, where he excelled in track, base-ball, and football. During his time at Dalworth, Taylor realized that football came naturally. Taylor was named to the Texas All-State team during his senior year of high school and earned the opportunity to continue his passion for football at the colle-giate level. Since universities in Texas were not deseg-regated at the time, Taylor had to take his tal-ent elsewhere. Upon graduation from Dalworth High School, Taylor attended Arizona State University where he excelled in football. At Ari-zona State, Taylor was a two-time All-Amer-ican receiver and running back and was also named to the All-Western Athletic Conference team. During the 1962 season Taylor led the Devils in scoring. Taylor was drafted in the first round of the 1964 NFL draft as the third overall pick to the Washington Redskins. During his first year as a Redskins player, Taylor was named NFC Rookie of the Year and was the first Redskin’s rookie to be selected for the Pro Bowl. In 1966, Taylor switched from running back to wide receiver and in both the 1966 and 1967 seasons, he led the NFL in receiving. On December 21, 1975, Taylor became the NFL’s all-time receptions leader with his 634th catch. Following the 1977 season, Taylor retired as the NFL’s all-time leading receiver. He earned first or second-team NFL honors six times and was selected to play in eight Pro Bowls. After retirement, Mr. Taylor continued his football career off the field. He was hired as an NFL scout for the Redskins and then in 1981, he was hired as the Redskin’s receiver’s coach. He served in that role for thirteen years. Mr. Taylor has been inducted into both the Arizona State Sports Hall of Fame and the Pro Football Hall of fame. In honor of the retirement of Mr. Taylor’s jer-sey at Grand Prairie High School and his role as a pillar of the Texas athletic community, this statement is submitted. 
f 
HONORING LISA M. CHAVEZ OF PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I honor our constituent, Staff Sergeant Lisa M. Chavez, for more than 22 years of both active and reserve component service with the United States Army. Staff Sergeant Chavez served myriad duty assignments domestically and overseas. She earned numerous awards and recognitions for her duty, to include the Meritorious Service Medal. Staff Sergeant Chavez’s tireless dedication, professionalism and sacrifice touched the lives of countless people and challenged all with whom she served to be the best. Her legacy of service to our Nation is commendable and set the standard. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, with great pride I com-mend, congratulate and thank Staff Sergeant Lisa M. Chavez for her 22 years of selfless service to the United States of America. f 
REMEMBRANCE OF FATHER HENRY RODRIGUEZ 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Father Henry Rodriguez, a true leader and servant of the community of San Diego. Father Rodriguez passed away on Thursday, August 4, 2016 in his beloved city of San Diego. Father Rodriguez was born in 1955 in Na-tional City, California. Father Henry was or-dained for the diocese on July 12, 1986. He was the long-time Pastor at St. Jude Shrine of the West in San Diego’s Southcrest neighbor-hood from 1989–2006. Recently, he served as a Father of St. John the Evangelist Parish, even as his health declined. Towards the end of his life, Father Rodriguez dedicated his time to providing hospice to those in need. Father Rodriguez was well known through-out the community for his contribution to spe-cial events and celebrations, as well as com-munity groups and organizations, frequently seen alongside Bishop Robert McElroy. Father Rodriguez served as chaplain to the San Diego Police Department, San Diego Hospice, and at Scripps Mercy Hospital. He believed in community policing and working with police of-ficials to strengthen the community. As a chaplain for the SDPD, he helped comfort the family of Officer Jonathan De Guzman, who was killed in the line of duty. Father Rodriguez would later pass away the same day as Offi-cer De Guzman’s funeral Mass. Father Rodriguez was warm and welcoming. He was a father, preacher and friend to many. He was considerate, genuine and devoted to making this world a better, more just place. His leadership will leave a lasting legacy. He will be missed by his family—his mother, Jen-nie Rodriguez, his siblings, Jennie Rodriguez, Gloria Taylor, Linda Rodriguez and Jess Rodriguez, his 10 nieces and nephews, and his San Diego community. 
f 
LIFE CHANGERS FOUNDATION— OILERS PEE WEE FOOTBALL LEAGUE 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this time next month will be the first game of the sea-son for the ‘‘Life Changers Foundation’’ (LCF) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.006 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1174 September 6, 2016 
Oilers of the North Harris County, Texas Pee Wee Football League. The LCF Oilers’ head coach, Darrell Eldridge promotes discipline and commitment from his team. He continually works with his team to encourage good sportsmanship and fair play, instilling in these young boys and girls the value of athletics and achievement. The LCF Oilers dedication to ad-vocating for individual excellence in sports, fine arts and other community-initiated pro-grams helps challenge the community’s future generations to learn the value of productivity and teamwork. A mother of a pee wee Oiler from my district in Texas wrote to me and said, ‘‘it seems our children aren’t a priority until they are a prob-lem.’’. I strongly support community involve-ment in positive youth programs like the LCF. Oilers contribute to these kids’ lives more than a few trophies. The goal of the LCF Oilers is to physically and mentally promote the better-ment of these kids through physical competi-tion—and it does exactly that. The coaches, referees, and parents who offer these pee wee Oilers such an excellent opportunity in their young lives are to be com-mended for their dedication and support of the youth of our community. 
f 
HONORING CORAL SPRINGS CADET SQUADRON OF THE CIVIL AIR PATROL 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the Coral Springs Cadet Squadron of the noble Civil Air Patrol, who was recently honored by the Coral Springs City Commis-sion in commemoration of their 30th anniver-sary of invaluable service to the Coral Springs community. For decades, the Civil Air Patrol has per-formed the overwhelming majority of domestic search and rescue missions as an auxiliary of the United States Air Force. The nonprofit or-ganization is accredited for saving over sev-enty lives per year. These unpaid profes-sionals claim a proud legacy of selfless sac-rifice and service to their country and commu-nity that spans over decades. The debt we owe to these brave individuals is immeas-urable, and we must always remember their service. The Coral Springs Cadet Squadron has been serving the South Florida communities of Coral Springs, Parkland, Coconut Creek, Tamarac, and Margate for 30 years. Their ready willingness to present colors and render honors at ceremonies makes them an irre-placeable asset to these cities. Furthermore, their cadet programs inspire youth to become leaders and exemplary citizens. I am proud to honor the Coral Springs Cadet Squadron of the Civil Air Patrol in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . I join the Coral Springs Commission in congratulating them on three decades of exemplary service and lead-ership. IN HONOR OF THE HONORABLE JOSEPH A. PALAIA HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to commemorate the life of former New Jersey State Senator Joseph Palaia, who passed away on August 20, 2016 after a life filled with numerous professional and personal accom-plishments. Senator Palaia was a dedicated public serv-ant. An Ocean Township resident, Senator Palaia began his political career as a township councilman and mayor, first elected to the council in 1967. After 12 years of service to the Ocean Township community, Senator Palaia moved on to serve as a Freeholder in Monmouth County. In 1982 and 1989 he was elected to the New Jersey State Assembly and Senate, respectively, representing resi-dents of Monmouth County on the state level. An advocate for gun control and improved health and educational services for children with disabilities, Senator Palaia was a promi-nent member of the legislative body until his retirement in 2008. A graduate of Rider University (then Rider College), Senator Palaia worked as a teacher and principal of the Wanamassa Elementary School in Ocean Township for 33 years prior to his government service. His passion for education and his commitment to the commu-nity and public service have been widely rec-ognized through elections to the Rider College Hall of Fame, the Neptune High School Hall of Fame and the dedication of an Ocean Town-ship park in his name. Senator Palaia is remembered by his loving family, including his daughter, daughter-in-law, grandsons, sister and many other relatives and friends. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope that my col-leagues will join me in honoring Senator Palaia for his leadership and dedication to his community and state. 
f 
ASHLYN DARNELL 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-knowledge Ashlyn Darnell for completing Basic Combat Training for the United States Army. Ashlyn is a Goreville, Illinois native who just turned 18 early in August, and she will be returning to Goreville to finish her senior year of high school before reporting for Advanced Individual Training. Ashlyn was able to attend basic training thanks to the Split Training Option program, which allows high school students to complete basic training during the summer between their junior and senior years. After completing her Advanced Individual Training, Ashlyn plans to attend Southern Illinois University Edwardsville and will enter the ROTC program as she pursues a degree in nursing. Once she graduates, Ashlyn plans to enlist in active duty for the U.S. Army. Ashlyn’s sense of duty and service guided her to pursue a future in the U.S. Army. De-spite her successful career as a two-sport high school athlete and the opportunity to play bas-ketball for a university program, Ashlyn still seeks a career as a member of the U.S. mili-tary. She cites her desire to work for the free-doms of our country as a core factor in her decision. Ashlyn is so driven to join the mili-tary despite her youth that she even had her parents sign the consent forms that allowed her to enlist in the reserves. I offer my congratulations to Ashlyn Darnell for her completion of.Basic Combat Training, and I wish her the best of luck as she pursues a career of service with the U.S. Army. f 
HONORING SUSIE WILSON OF PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I honor my constituent, Susie Wilson, on her retirement upon more than 10 years of service with the Pennsylvania Medical Society (PAMED). During her tenure at PAMED, Ms. Wilson served as executive director to several spe-cialty and county medical societies, including the Pennsylvania Society of Anesthesiologists. Ms. Wilson also has served with the American College of Veterinary Radiology, Pennsylvania Ambulatory Surgery Association, Pennsylvania Neurosurgical Society and other medical groups. Prior to her tenure at PAMED, Ms. Wilson served with the Pennsylvania State Foster Parent Association and assisted students with learning disorders and emotional disabilities. After her retirement from PAMED, she’ll re-sume her work with children. Ms. Wilson’s tireless dedication and profes-sionalism touched the lives of countless peo-ple. She’s left a true legacy of selfless service. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, with great pride I com-mend, congratulate and thank Susie Wilson upon her retirement after more than 10 years of service to Pennsylvania and her community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL DAVID WIL-LIAM REANEY UPON HIS RE-TIREMENT 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-ute to Colonel David ‘‘Dave’’ William Reaney upon his retirement as Executive Director of Feeding the Gulf Coast. Dave was born in Iowa and grew up in Cali-fornia before enlisting in the Army as an intel-ligence analyst in 1969. After serving in Ger-many, he commissioned through the Officer Candidate program at Fort Benning in 1974. He spent the next 26 years as a Military In-telligence Officer at 12 different locations throughout the United States, Europe, and Asia. He served as Chief of the Electronic In-telligence Watch, U.S. European Command in Stuttgart, Germany supporting operations fol-lowing the bombing of the Beirut Marine Bar-racks, as well as the 1986 U.S. attack on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.010 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1175 September 6, 2016 
Libya. After being promoted to Colonel in 1996, he was assigned to the National Secu-rity Agency as Deputy Chief of the Office of Global Response. After 30 years of active service, Col. Reaney retired in February 2000. Just a few months later, in April, he was appointed Exec-utive Director of Feeding the Gulf Coast. For-merly known as the Bay Area Food Bank, Feeding the Gulf Coast is responsible for serv-ing a 24-county area including south Alabama, south Mississippi, and the Florida panhandle. The organization operates multiple nutrition programs and distributed over 20 million pounds of food in 2015. Under his leadership, Feeding the Gulf Coast reached new heights and achieved major milestones. The organization moved into a new facility, increased distribution from 4 to over 21 million pounds of food annually, ac-quired nine refrigerated delivery vehicles, de-veloped afterschool snack and summer lunch programs for children at over 215 locations, and constructed a new branch warehouse in Milton, Florida. Col. Reaney also oversaw the organization’s disaster response to Hurricane Ivan, Hurricane Katrina, and the Gulf Coast oil spill. Col. Reaney has a long list of personal achievements throughout his years of military and humanitarian service. He is a 1999 in-ductee into the Officer Candidate School Hall of Fame at Fort Benning, Georgia and a 2001 inductee into the University of South Alabama ROTC Department Hall of Fame. His fifteen military service awards include the Defense Superior Service Medal, the Legion of Merit and the Defense Meritorious Service Medal. He has also served on the board of the Mobile Area Chamber of Commerce, as well as past president of both the Alabama Food Bank As-sociation and the Florida Association of Food Banks. Additionally, he played a critical part in the establishment of Alabama Lieutenant Gov-ernor Kay Ivey’s ‘‘End Child Hunger’’ task force. So on behalf of Alabama’s First Congres-sional District, I wish Colonel Dave Reaney and his wife, Monika, all the best upon his re-tirement. And, on behalf of a grateful nation, I share our appreciation and gratitude for his years of service and sacrifice. 
f 
THE PASSING OF LUKE TATSU JOHNSON 
HON. ALAN S. LOWENTHAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, the unique middle name Tatsu proved to be a fitting mon-iker for Luke Tatsu Johnson. The tatsu, or dragon, is a centuries old mythical creature of great wonder, bravery, and strength. Through-out his extraordinary life, Luke consistently demonstrated his own special type of courage, power, and excellence. As a loving son and older brother, loyal friend, accomplished stu-dent and athlete, all-around young man of solid character, and ultimately, brave cancer patient, Luke filled his life with meaning and grace. Luke was always an active kid—he loved being outdoors doing just about anything with family and friends. Over time, the video game consoles gathered dust while Luke played or-ganized baseball, flag football, soccer, and golf, participated in Junior Lifeguards and the Stud lronman, engaged in backyard competi-tions with his brother Spencer, went skiing, boogie boarding, and bike riding, and enjoyed the big, small town atmosphere of Alamitos Heights and Long Beach. Some of Luke’s pas-sions occasionally kept him indoors—mom’s cooking, sushi, and sports TV, especially if his beloved Angels or Chargers were playing. Luke held himself to high standards and achieved success in his many endeavors. He was a straight A student since grade school, including his freshman and sophomore years in high school studies—which he completed while enduring often difficult chemotherapy regimens. During his two periods of remission, Luke worked tirelessly on his golf game. He enjoyed long hours at the driving range and on the course alongside his father and broth-er. In April of 2015, while still regaining strength after his initial treatment, Luke made a hole-in-one on a family outing in Northern California. In the greenside photo commemo-rating that moment, Luke stands ball in hand, bathed in sunlight, shining his familiar winning smile. Luke faced his illness with the same deter-mination and strength of character with which he pursued all of his challenges. Through months of hospital stays, difficult treatments, and intermittent setbacks, Luke continued to push ahead and never lost touch with his true nature and he remained the great kid—full of good cheer, quick to smile, concerned about others, close to his parents and Spencer—that he had always been. Luke’s story inspired a broad array of sup-porters—Team Luke—which included friends, teammates, and relatives as well as celebrities and PGA stars. It is in and through this team that loved him that Luke’s unique spirit will continue to soar, like a tatsu, as a source of courage and grace. f 
TRIBUTE TO ALPHA DELTA KAPPA INTERNATIONAL HONORARY OR-GANIZATION FOR WOMEN EDU-CATORS 
HON. MO BROOKS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the Alpha Delta Kappa International Honorary Organization for Women Educators on sixty-nine years of dedi-cated service, and proclaim October 2016 as Alpha Delta Kappa Month. Established in 1947, Alpha Delta Kappa’s goals are to insti-tute high standards of education, recognize outstanding educators, build a fraternal fellow-ship among educators and promote edu-cational and charitable projects, enriching the lives of individuals everywhere. With a membership of more than 33,000 educators representing all fifty U.S. states, Puerto Rico, Canada, Mexico, Jamaica, and Australia, Alpha Delta Kappa is committed to educational excellence, personal and profes-sional growth, and collectively channeling their energies toward the good of their schools, communities, the teaching profession, and the world. Women in education constitute a great por-tion of America’s workforce and are constantly striving to serve their communities and Amer-ica in educational, cultural, and charitable pro-grams leading to harmony, happiness, and peace among all people. Over the last two years alone, members of Alpha Delta Kappa have altruistically given to the communities they serve by raising nearly $12 million and volunteering more than two million service hours. Alpha Delta Kappa members biennially award more than a quarter million dollars through eleven scholarship pro-grams and have contributed more than $1 mil-lion to St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee. I congratulate Alpha Delta Kappa Inter-national Honorary Organization for Women Educators on their many years of unparalleled success and wish them well as they continue to educate our children. f 
RECOGNIZING KNOEBELS AMUSE-MENT RESORT UPON THE OCCA-SION OF THEIR 90TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize Knoebels Amusement Resort in Elysburg upon the occasion of their 90th anni-versary. Since 1926, this multigenerational, family-owned and operated business has been America’s largest free-admission park, and continues today as a world-renowned attrac-tion that has stayed true to its family-focused roots for nearly a century. Originally known as ‘‘Peggy’s Farm,’’ the land that is now Knoebels was passed down from owner to owner until 1828 when Rev-erend Henry Hartman Knoebel purchased the property for $931. Reverend Knoebel’s grand-son, Henry, who was commonly known as ‘‘Ole Hen,’’ began selling soft drinks and ice cream to the families that would come for pic-nics on the property. In 1926, Ole Hen added a restaurant, carousel, games, and a pool to officially mark the beginning of Knoebels Amusement Park. Various rides and amuse-ments were added to the park throughout the years to bring the current total to 63, including six roller coasters, two water rides, two minia-ture railways, a golf course, and several res-taurants. I’ve enjoyed family outings to the park, just like thousands of my constituents and visitors from around the world, and can attest first-hand to the welcoming atmosphere and fam-ily-friendly style that has made Knoebels one of America’s best amusement parks. With a commitment to the family’s overall vision, it is no wonder that Amusement Today and organi-zations such as American Coaster Enthusiasts and the International Association of Amuse-ment Parks and Attractions have recognized the park with various awards throughout the years. In 2014, the Travel Channel named Knoebels as one of their Top 10 Family Friendly Amusement Parks in the United States. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize Knoebels Amusement Resort in Elysburg upon the occasion of their 90th anniversary. ‘‘Make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06SE8.006 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1176 September 6, 2016 
new memories the old fashioned way’’ is their slogan that is in action every day, and I am confident that the park will be enjoyed by fami-lies visiting Pennsylvania’s 11th Congressional District for years to come. I wish the Knoebels all the best as they continue to operate a re-sort where families can go to create lasting memories and share in the spirit upon which the property was founded. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF TEEN SERVE CAMP HELPING OUT IN STER-LING PARK 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-knowledge Teen Serve Camp, namely, the 264 teenagers who recently banded together to serve the community in Sterling’s Gwen Thompson Briar Patch Park. I would like to personally commend these young volunteers who so selflessly dedicated themselves to pro-viding service and ‘‘life-giving’’ to those in the Loudoun community without asking anything in return. These notable young men and women truly embody the very best of our nation’s val-ues through their service to the community and their commitment to the betterment of oth-ers’ lives. The Teen Serve Camp has increased its services exponentially since its formation in 2011, growing from just 17 teenagers into a total of nearly 1,000 middle and high schoolers. Spending their precious time over summer vacation, students serve their neigh-bors through various tasks to help raise awareness and funds for local and national charities. The services these campers provide to others extend far beyond the call to action. Mr. Speaker, it brings me immense pride to recognize such a fine group, and I sincerely hope that we all can live up to their tremen-dous example. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Teen Serve Camp in Sterling. I wish them all the best and hope that they remain a positive example of service to the community. 
f 
HONORING MS. DENISE KELLER 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Denise Keller, who is being honored today by the Napa County Of-fice of Education as a 2017 Napa County Teacher of the Year. Ms. Keller completed her Bachelor of Art in Sociology at Sonoma State University, before going on to earn her Social Studies Education Specialist Credential at San Francisco State University. She began her career working as a Special Day Class Teacher in the West Contra Costa Unified School District, and then transitioned to working as a Resource Spe-cialist for the Elk Grove Unified School District. In 2004, Ms. Keller joined American Canyon Middle School as a Resource Specialist, and began teaching 6th Grade Social Studies in 2010. In her classroom, Ms. Keller brings history to life and encourages her students to appre-ciate the relevance of our past to their lives today. She employs her extensive knowledge of project-based learning to engage her stu-dents in the classroom and instill a passion for learning. Furthermore, Ms. Keller has taken on many new challenges to support students and her colleagues at American Canyon Middle School. She serves as the yearbook advisor, encouraging students’ creativity and leader-ship. Ms. Keller also chairs the Social Studies Department and is the 6th Grade Team Lead-er, coordinating and supporting the work of faculty. Mr. Speaker, Denise Keller is a dedicated teacher who uses her time and knowledge to inspire young students to strive for excellence, and it is therefore fitting and proper that we honor her here today. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CITY OF HANFORD, CALIFORNIA 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the City of Hanford, California and honor the one hundred and twenty fifth anni-versary of its founding. The city’s humble beginnings began in 1877 when the Southern Pacific Railway began con-struction of a rail line which passed through what is now the City of Hanford. Within a short time, and with the railway’s support, Hanford grew from a small settlement to a prominent trading center in the area. Hanford, California was officially incorporated in August of 1891. Over the course of the past century, Han-ford has seen many changes and has faced its fair share of challenges, including fires in 1887 and 1891 which destroyed most of the downtown area. However, because of the de-termination of its citizens, Hanford would go on to rebuild and thrive. Today, the city boasts over fifty thousand residents, a revitalized and prospering downtown area, and a vibrant and diverse economy. As a resident of Hanford, I have seen first-hand the sense of community and the willing-ness to help each other that makes our town a wonderful place to live and raise a family. I am proud to call Hanford my home. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the City of Hanford’s one hundred and twenty fifth Anniversary and to wish the community all the best in the fu-ture. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NORA EVERETT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and recognize Principal Financial Group, Inc. President of Retirement and Income Solutions Nora Everett for being named a 2016 Women of Influence honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. For 17 years, the Business Record has un-dertaken an exhaustive annual review to iden-tify a standout group of women who have made a significant difference in business, civic and philanthropic endeavors throughout the Greater Des Moines Area. Ms. Everett has de-voted her life to confronting challenges which many others might avoid. She has spent countless hours on various boards while blaz-ing a trail for others to follow. She was se-lected for the chosen field of expertise, the lasting impact on the community, involvement with civic or non-profit organization and being seen as a role model because of her lofty achievements and high ethical standards. Nora Everett has the determination and drive to be successful in anything she does and her exemplary work with the Principal Fi-nancial Group, Inc. She is an integral compo-nent of one of Iowa’s largest and most suc-cessful employers, building a long and illus-trious career with The Principal Financial Group, Inc., based in Des Moines, Iowa. In all aspects of her life, Nora Everett is an example of hard work and service who makes Iowans proud. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Nora Everett in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Nora Everett on receiving this esteemed designa-tion, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing Ms. Everett a long and successful career. f 
RECOGNIZING BOYER’S FOOD MAR-KETS UPON THE OCCASION OF THEIR 67TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize Boyer’s Food Markets upon the occasion of their 67th Anniversary. Boyer’s is a full service supermarket chain in North-eastern Pennsylvania that provides my con-stituents with an easy-in easy-out, no hassle experience. Customer service is the founda-tion of Boyer’s success and the employees pride themselves on personal connections, copying the days when local corner stores knew each customer by name and were as much a part of the community as the people they served. In 1949, Harold S. Boyer opened his first corner store in Orwigsburg and since then has expanded the chain to 18 stores across North-eastern Pennsylvania, including locations in Hazleton, Elysburg, Berwick, Lykens, and Mt. Carmel within my congressional district. Their famed ‘‘Red Shirt Service’’ takes its name from the red shirt and black pants uniforms that employees wear in order to be visible to shoppers. They pride themselves on providing unique and local service in each store while having the ‘‘friendliest, most helpful, and knowledgeable teammates.’’ Such outstanding service speaks not only to the commitment of the employer, but also to the strength of every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06SE8.009 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1177 September 6, 2016 
employee. Whether doing your weekly shop-ping or planning for a large event, Boyer’s has continued to be the trusted store that caters to the customers they serve in each local com-munity. Boyer’s is known for engaging with each local community to create lasting bonds. They offer non-profit organizations the opportunity to fundraise by selling hoagies, desserts, and pizzas with no upfront payment and a share of the profits once the items are sold. The Car-ing/Sharing Scrip Gift Card Program lets churches and schools purchase gift cards in bulk with a five percent discount that is do-nated back to the church or school. Boyer’s is also committed to helping families eat healthy without spending too much time or money in the process. Their exclusive B–Healthy Kids Program hosts events that are educational and fun with the goal of promoting a balanced diet. Never turning away an opportunity to do-nate to local school districts and their athletics programs has become a hallmark of Boyer’s, and Southern Columbia Area School District is one of the many recipients in my district to have received such generous donations. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize Boyer’s Food Markets upon the occasion of their 67th Anniversary. I wish Boyer’s employ-ees and customers all the best as they con-tinue to exemplify the positive relationship be-tween a business and its community. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO MR. GOULD B. HAGLER, JR. 
HON. BARRY LOUDERMILK 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to my good friend and a man, Mr. Gould B. Hagler, Jr., who has devoted his life to serving the individuals and the commu-nities of Georgia. This year, Gould will retire from the Inde-pendent Insurance Agents of Georgia, where he has spent the past thirty years working to represent the many independent insurance agencies and the thousands of Georgians em-ployed by those small businesses. Under Gould’s leadership, the Independent Insurance Agents of Georgia has been recognized for countless achievements by their national asso-ciation. Gould has spent his career advocating for Georgians through his association manage-ment and legislative affairs positions with the Georgia General Assembly, the Council of State Governments and the Medical Associa-tion of Georgia. As a native Georgian, Gould has certainly made it his life’s work to better the people and communities of our great state. On behalf of the people of Georgia’s 11th Congressional District and the United States House of Rep-resentatives, I commend Gould B. Hagler, Jr. for his years of outstanding service, and con-gratulate him as he moves on to the next chapter of his life. CELEBRATING 50 YEARS OF ROB-ERT WEED PLYWOOD’S MANU-FACTURING EXCELLENCE HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the employees and owners of Robert Weed Plywood in Bristol, Indiana, as they celebrate 50 years of creating high-qual-ity products and contributing to the growth of Northern Indiana’s vital manufacturing. Since its founding in 1966, Robert Weed Plywood has been a trailblazer in manufac-turing. In 1969, they opened their 18,000– square-foot distribution center in Bristol, where they serve 18 industries across the country ranging from vehicle production to healthcare. Robert Weed Plywood is recognized as one of the finest manufacturers in the industry. They are consistently at the forefront of fab-rication and distribution. Their continued suc-cess is due to their approach to business, their skilled workforce, their dedication to tech-nological advancement, and their adherence to the industry’s highest standards. Within the past decade, Robert Weed Ply-wood has expanded significantly. They estab-lished RWP West LLC in Weiser, Idaho, in 2007 and in Twin Falls, Idaho, in 2008. Such growth allows them to provide their exemplary services to the entire nation. Hoosiers can be proud that Robert Weed Plywood’s roots are in the Indiana’s Second District. The company also boasts a history marked by its dedication to the community. With their strong business model, they have served as an example of the importance of supporting local businesses. They have provided thou-sands of good-paying jobs for Hoosiers. They exemplify the long-standing tradition of excel-lence in Indiana. For the past half century, Robert Weed Ply-wood has demonstrated their passion for serv-ing customers, providing exceptional products, and achieving the highest level of manufac-turing excellence. On behalf of Hoosiers across Indiana, I sin-cerely congratulate Robert Weed Plywood on their 50th anniversary, and I wish them contin-ued success and growth in the years ahead. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF ANNE MOLNAR OF LORAIN, OHIO 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the life of Anne Molnar, who passed from this life on Thursday, August 11, 2016 in her adopted home town of Lorain, Ohio. Anne was a dynamo and her spirit re-mains so. I came to know Anne well in the Fall of 2012. An elected leader in Lorain, she proved an able guide in what was then a new part of Ohio’s 9th District. Together, we shared a vi-sion to make life better for the people of Lo-rain, with special attention to its senior citi-zens. In all the time I have known her, Anne was a good friend to me and to the people of Lorain. Anne Bokulic was born May 30, 1926 in McKeesport, Pennsylvania. She was a grad-uate of the Morton School of Nursing in Penn-sylvania and moved to Lorain, Ohio in 1947. She pursued her career as a staff nurse at Amherst Hospital, retiring after 44 years of service. Having practiced public service as a nurse, after retiring Anne began her new career as an elected official. She served on Lorain City Council in her later years, four terms as Ward 6 Council Member from 1998 to 2005 and again as an at large member for three terms from 2008 through 2013. Her tenure was marked by careful attention to the needs of people at both ends of life: older adults and children. She passionately and deeply cared for both, even while ably serving all of Lorain’s citizens. In addition to her nursing and political ca-reers, Anne was dedicated to a number of or-ganizations meeting the needs of the commu-nity’s most vulnerable people. She offered her services as a Guardian Ad Litem for children and Voices for Children, speaking up for chil-dren involved in the court system. She was a member of the Retired Senior Volunteer Pro-gram and the Lorain Citizens League. She served as a member of the Northeast Ohio Areawide Coordinating Agency and the Peo-ple’s Coalition for Better Housing. For a dec-ade she was a member of the Lorain Mayor’s Citizens Participation Committee. She served as Treasurer for several school levies. In 1992 Anne was honored to serve as a delegate to the Democratic National Convention. Anne was a member of St. Vincent de Paul Catholic Church in Elyria and St. Frances Xa-vier Cabrini Church in Lorain. Croatian-Amer-ican by heritage, Anne was proud of her an-cestry and continued its traditions and lan-guage through her life. Many a fine meal was shared at her hospitable table. Always gracious and grandmotherly, none-theless Anne Molnar fought the good fight for her constituents. A mentor and friend to many, she was always interested in leading new peo-ple to public service and working in collabora-tion with colleagues. Anne Molnar leaves a long legacy of service in her community. Her spirit and perseverance brought a measure of stability and hope to the people she served and she never gave up in pursuing what she knew was right. Anne Molnar was one of a kind. She was an endless dynamo for her family and community. She never stopped giving or advocating, even in the most nettlesome situations. Anne leaves to cherish her memory her children Michael, Joseph, Robert and Lisa, nine grandchildren and three great-grandchildren, her sister Mary and brother Peter, nieces, nephews and countless friends. We wish for her loved ones peace and some small measure of comfort in remembering this remarkable woman and the gift of her life. 
f 
CELEBRATING 150 YEARS OF MT. SHARON PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, GILCHRIST COMMU-NITY, ADAMSVILLE, TN 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, for gen-erations, Mt. Sharon Presbyterian Church has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06SE8.010 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1178 September 6, 2016 
served as a focal point for community life near Adamsville. Just like its congregation, it has grown over the years to better serve its mem-bership. One hundred and fifty years ago, on Sep-tember 15, 1866, Reverend Robert Young and approximately 70 people came together to or-ganize the Mt. Sharon Society, Gilchrist Com-munity of the Cumberland Presbyterian Church. Originally a log structure, the Church was located southwest of Snake Creek on land of Cornelius Gilchrist. Brother T. F. Wil-son, Brother Cornelius Gilchrist and Brother John L. Groves were chosen as ruling elders. In the 1890’s the log structure was replaced by one made of lumber that included a bell tower and in 1957, a new brick structure was completed. The following year, the Church added a porch, and in 1959, a steeple. At a dedication service in September 1959, the morning bulletin read, ‘‘Let us remember that the job was completed only through time, talents and love of over 300 people and gifts from Presbyterian churches from Tennessee, Fort Wayne, Indiana, Lansing Michigan and far beyond.’’ Forty years later, in 1989, the Church added additional dining space which still exists today and an outdoor basketball court was com-pleted. Three years later, the Church pur-chased a manse with 4.5 acres. The Church celebrates its anniversary on the third Sunday in September. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DEBI DURHAM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and recognize Iowa Eco-nomic Development Authority Director Debi Durham for being named a 2016 Women of Influence honoree by the award-winning cen-tral Iowa publication, Business Record. For 17 years, the Business Record has un-dertaken an exhaustive annual review to iden-tify a standout group of women who have made a significant difference in business, civic and philanthropic endeavors throughout the Greater Des Moines Area. Ms. Durham has devoted her life to confronting challenges many others might avoid. She has spent countless hours on various boards while blaz-ing a trail for others to follow. She was se-lected for the chosen field of expertise, the lasting impact on the community, involvement with civic or non-profit organizations and being seen as a role model because of her lofty achievements and high ethical standards. Debi Durham has the determination and drive to be successful in anything she does, and her exemplary work with the Iowa Eco-nomic Development Authority is a testament to that. Ms. Durham works with Iowa Governor Terry Branstad to maintain the Iowa Economic Development Authority as a public-private partnership to improve Iowa’s delivery of Iowa’s economic services. Prior to leading Iowa’s economic development initiatives, Debi Durham served as president of the Siouxland Chamber of Commerce, serving communities in northwest Iowa. In all aspects of her life, Debi Durham is an example of hard work and service who makes Iowans proud. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Debi Durham in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Debi Durham on receiving this esteemed designa-tion, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing Ms. Durham a long and successful career. f 
IN HONOR OF NEW MT. ZOAR BAP-TIST CHURCH’S 150TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-knowledge the New Mt. Zoar Baptist Church, which is celebrating 150 years since its found-ing, as well as its pastor, Reverend Spencer F. Isaac, who is celebrating his 20th anniver-sary of leading this great congregation. I would like to personally congratulate this insti-tution for its continued role in fostering a sense of community in Manassas, Virginia. This Church represents our nation’s values through dedicated worship, as well as willing-ness to serve the community. The New Mt. Zoar Baptist Church has grown exponentially since its foundation in 1866, .when a former slave followed the Union Army from Louisiana to Fairfax, Virginia. The once small congregation of 33 individuals has now flourished into over 300 members whom meet and worship together regularly. Pastor Isaac has been a staple to the church since 1996, guiding all those who seek a stronger spiritual purpose in life. This is a clear. testa-ment to the outstanding work and commitment to the community which is conducted by this admirable congregation and they are deserv-ing of recognition. Mr. Speaker, it brings me immense pride to recognize such a fine group, and I sincerely hope that we all can live up to their tremen-dous example. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the New Mt. Zoar Baptist Church for 150 years of existence and Rev-erend Spencer F. Isaac in his 20th year as Pastor of the church. I wish them all the best and hope that they remain devoted to their faith and Virginia’s 10th District for years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MRS. NATIVA WOOD UPON HER INDUCTION AS THE PRESIDENT OF THE NATIONAL COURT REPORTERS ASSOCIATION 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Mrs. Nativa Wood upon her in-duction as the president of the National Court Reporters Association (NCRA). Nativa spent 35 years as a court reporter in the Dauphin County Courthouse in my district, serving as the chief court reporter for the last 11 years of her service before retiring in 2015. Through her decades of public service and involvement with various associations and foundations, she has continually set an example of hard work and dedication for all professionals in my dis-trict and has helped to inspire the next gen-eration of selfless public servants. Nativa joined the Dauphin County Court-house in 1977 after graduating from Central Penn College. She has been involved with the Pennsylvania Court Reporters Association since 1983 and was the president from 1990 to 1992. She served as the chair of the Na-tional Court Reporters Foundation (NCRF), the charitable arm of the NCRA, which works to educate legal professionals with informational programs and introduce prospective court re-porters to the profession. Nativa has also served as the chair of the Council of the Acad-emy of Professional Reporters and the Com-mittee on Professional Ethics. Mrs. Wood also understands that her cur-rent endeavors can help leave a lasting legacy for future generations of court reporters. She is a proud member of the NCRF’s Legacy So-ciety, which coordinates estate planning so that the NCRF can act as a beneficiary of an individual’s will in order to continue giving back to the profession for decades to come. Nativa’s commitment to the profession and her community will always be remembered. Feb-ruary 18 has been declared ‘‘Nativa Wood Day’’ in Dauphin County in honor of her distin-guished career and exemplary profes-sionalism. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to congratu-late Mrs. Nativa Wood upon her induction as the president of the National Court Reporters Association. Her husband, Jerry, and son, Pat-rick, have played an important role in her suc-cess and continue to inspire her dedication to the profession. I wish Mrs. Wood the best in her new role and look forward to seeing her continued contributions to court reporters across my district, state, and our nation. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 70TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE BUDDHIST CHURCH OF SACRAMENTO HONGWANJI BETSUIN’S ANNUAL BAZAAR 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 70th anniversary of the Buddhist Church of Sacramento Hongwanji Betsuin’s Annual Bazaar. As our community gathers to showcase and celebrate Japanese food and culture, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in honoring this remarkable festival. The Sacramento Buddhist Church is one of the oldest Jodo Shinshu Buddhist Churches in the continental United States and, as such, is one of Sacramento’s richest cultural gems. In 1947, the church hosted its first bazaar in an effort to encourage strength and identity within the Japanese-American community. In its 70th year, the bazaar is now a treasured and high-ly-anticipated Sacramento summer festival. With attendance in the tens of thousands, the bazaar no longer attracts only the immediate community of the church’s congregation, but serves to educate and engage the larger Sac-ramento community on Japanese culture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.021 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1179 September 6, 2016 
Close to 700 volunteers come together to fa-cilitate the bazaar, which funds scholarships, Boy Scout and Girl Scout troops, and the Dharma School supported by the church. The Sacramento Buddhist Church’s Annual Bazaar has been invaluable to Sacramento in its pro-motion of cross-cultural understanding and unity in Sacramento’s diverse community. Mr. Speaker, as the community of the Bud-dhist Church of Sacramento Hongwanji Betsuin gathers to celebrate the 70th, anniver-sary of their Annual Bazaar, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in honoring their com-mitment to preserving and sharing the rich tra-ditions of Japanese culture with the wider community. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 70TH BIRTHDAY OF GARY BROGAN 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 70th birthday of Gary Brogan. A proud veteran and devoted family man, Gary is a pillar of the Round Rock, TX community. A son of the American heartland, Gary was born September 8, 1946 in Winfield, Kansas. It was there he learned the values of hard work and integrity that made him the man he is and that he has used in service to others. Gary felt the call to serve and joined the U.S. Navy in 1966. He soon volunteered for combat duty and spent a year in Vietnam, earning a Vietnam Campaign Service Medal, National Defense Service Medal, and an Hon-orable Discharge. Like many of those brave warriors who served, Gary was never given a proper welcome upon his safe return to our shores. He was even advised not to wear his uniform in public to avoid the scorn of protestors. Following his move to Round Rock in 2007, Gary has become a beloved citizen of my home town. He and wife Vicki have been sup-porters of the Heart to Heart Gala, which ben-efits the Sacred Heart Community Clinic as well as supporting local high school booster clubs and numerous charities in Round Rock. Both are proud and devoted members of St. Williams Catholic Church. Gary’s family and friends are making sure he gets a celebration befitting a hero. On Au-gust 6, the Legion Hall in Round Rock will be packed with well-wishers saluting a great man who has both served his nation and positively impacted his community. Gary Brogan’s commitments to freedom, community, and family reflect the best values of Central Texas. I join all lucky enough to know him in wishing him a happy birthday and best wishes for the years ahead. 
f 
HONORING MS. DANA SIMON 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dana Simon, who is being honored today by the Napa County Of-fice of Education as a 2017 Napa County Teacher of the Year. Ms. Simon grew up in Lafayette, California and completed her Bachelor of Arts in English at the University of Southern California. After completing her English teaching credential at San Francisco State University, Ms. Simon began teaching at Pleasanton Middle School in 1996, and has worked with middle schoolers ever since. She completed her Mas-ter of Science in Education focusing on Cur-riculum and Instruction in 2007, and has been working with students at Robert Louis Steven-son Middle School in St. Helena, California since 2010. Ms. Simon makes her classroom a creative and fun environment to inspire students to be-come engaged learners. She sets high expec-tations for her students and provides them with the support and encouragement they need to achieve great results. Outside the classroom, Ms. Simon is a member of the school’s Technology Committee and the Ad-vancement Via Individual Determination Site Team, ensuring all students have access to the resources they need to succeed. Even with her busy teaching schedule, Ms. Simon has found time to engage with impor-tant civic causes. She serves as a member of the Napa Family Law Justice Center’s Stra-tegic Planning Committee, and she previously sat on the board of Congregation Beth Sha-lom. Mr. Speaker, Dana Simon has dedicated two decades of her career to inspiring stu-dents in our community to learn and strive for excellence, both through her engaging work in the classroom and as a community leader. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor her here today. f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,481,571,141,221.67. We’ve added $8,854,694,092,308.59 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE HONORABLE JOE HOCKEY, THE AUSTRALIAN AM-BASSADOR TO THE UNITED STATES 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the Honorable Joe Hockey, the Australian Ambassador to the United States, who has become the honorary patron of Washington DC Youth Rugby. The Embassy of Australia has been a part-ner with Washington DC Youth Rugby for the past six years, reaching out to underserved youth in the District of Columbia’s inner city, promoting health and physical fitness, and teaching valuable life skills through the inter-national sport of rugby. Recognizing rugby as the fastest growing sport at the youth level, the Embassy hosted over 300 guests at a sports diplomacy recep-tion on August 25, with proceeds benefiting Washington DC Youth Rugby. That evening, Ambassador Hockey will be highlighting the participation of the Australian Wallabies and USA Eagles in the Olympics for the first time since 1924. Founded in 2004 with just seven players to field a team, Washington DC Youth Rugby has grown from a summer-only touch program in Northeast DC to sponsoring a tackle pro-gram for high school boys and girls at Bell Multicultural High School in Columbia Heights. While using rugby as a vehicle for social inclu-sion and youth development, Washington DC Youth Rugby is offering flag rugby in over 20 District elementary and middle schools in physical education classes and afterschool program. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in thanking the Embassy of Australia for showcasing sports diplomacy in DC and making a difference for the youth of our city in terms of health, self-esteem, team-work and social skills development. I would also like to thank the coaches, volunteers, do-nors, partner schools, students, parents and alumni of Washington DC Youth Rugby on their steady growth and accomplishments over the last 12 years. f 
HONORING BERKELEY MT. ZION MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Berkeley Mt. Zion Missionary Baptist Church, located in Berkeley, California upon its 70th Anniversary as a strong religious pillar in the East Bay community. Berkeley Mt. Zion Missionary Baptist Church was founded in 1946 by Reverend Neal Lee Peterson, Deacon Fred Williams, Brother Har-rison Williams, and Sisters Mattie Mae Peter-son, Lula Williams, Ethel Mae Posey, Nora Sargent, Morrell Posey, Maxine Lyons, and Thelma A.J. Upchurch, who met at the home of Sister Maxine Lyons to fulfill the vision of Reverend Peterson. During its early years, Berkeley Mt. Zion Missionary Baptist Church met in the homes of various members, and held services at the Codornices Village Recreation Center. In 1949, Berkeley Mt. Zion Missionary Bap-tist Church was able to purchase its property on Camelia Street and establish its first per-manent position. Services were held there for 12 years. As time passed, the church outgrew the small space, and in January 1961, the church moved into its newly-completed home on Eighth Street. In 1966, Reverend Doctor M.T. Thompson answered the Lord’s call to Berkeley Mt. Zion Missionary Baptist Church, where he led the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.024 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1180 September 6, 2016 
congregation for nearly 40 years. Under his leadership, the ministries of Berkeley Mt. Zion Missionary Baptist Church expanded and grew. One of the most notable newly-established ministries of Berkeley Mt. Zion Missionary Baptist Church was established in March 1993, under the direction of Pastor Thompson. The Helping Hands of Zion Outreach Min-istries seeks to reclaim and redirect the lives of families and individuals who have fallen through the cracks in our society by providing them with food, clothing, education, and em-ployment assistance. Pastor Thompson retired from Berkeley Mt. Zion Missionary Baptist Church in November 2005, after nearly 40 years of faithful service. In November 2006, Reverend Brian D. Hunter was elected Senior Pastor of Berkeley Mt. Zion Missionary Baptist Church, and he cur-rently serves as pastor. Throughout the years, Berkeley Mt. Zion Missionary Baptist Church has been steadfast and faithful in her efforts to fulfill the mission of the church: evangelism, discipleship, and mission. On behalf of the residents of California’s 13th Congressional District, I extend my sin-cerest congratulations to Berkeley Mt. Zion Missionary Baptist Church on the special oc-casion of its 70th anniversary. I wish Berkeley Mt. Zion Missionary Baptist Church many more years of faithful and compassionate service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PROCTER & GAM-BLE’S MEHOOPANY PLANT UPON THE OCCASION OF ITS 50TH AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize Procter & Gamble’s Mehoopany Plant, and the employees that work there, on the occasion of their 50th anniversary. P&G is a global producer of consumer goods that prides itself on passing down core values and principles to future generations. The Mehoopany plant is an essential part of North-eastern Pennsylvania, employing thousands of my constituents who take pride in being active members of our community. Opened in 1966, P&G’s Mehoopany plant has grown to be one of their largest in the world. Driving down Route 87 into Mehoopany, you can’t miss the plant sitting on the Susquehanna River. Its sheer size puts their impact into perspective. In stores all across the country, you’re seeing products that were made by Mehoopany employees, such as Bounty paper towels, Charmin bath-room tissues, and Pampers diapers. The plant became P&G’s first energy self-sufficient facil-ity in 2013 with the construction of two natural gas-fired cogeneration turbines which utilize gas from Marcellus Shale beneath the 1,100- acre property. In 2012, 50 percent of the plant’s electrical needs were met using Marcellus gas, and, for the previous 45 years, the Mehoopany plant was the largest elec-tricity and natural gas customer for our local utility companies. P&G’s slogan, ‘‘Touching lives, improving life,’’ is in use every day as their employees have made community involvement an essen-tial part of their daily operation. In 2015, for the seventh straight year, the plant broke its previous year’s fundraising effort by donating over $500,000 to several Northeastern Penn-sylvania United Ways. P&G has always been committed to ensuring that its employees have the resources necessary for success, both during and after their careers. That’s why it’s not surprising that over a quarter of its work-force are third generation employees. For ex-ample, P&G Mehoopany Credit Union opened in 1971 to benefit its members with affordable services they pride themselves on providing, where each member is greeted by name when they enter the building. Even after their ca-reers at P&G are over, employees find that groups such as the P&G Mehoopany Retirees Association keep them involved in the commu-nity through volunteer projects, while also pro-viding the opportunity to fulfill lifelong dreams by organizing trips around the world with their former coworkers. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize Procter & Gamble’s Mehoopany plant and their generations of employees for five dec-ades of successful operation in Northeastern Pennsylvania. Through a commitment to qual-ity products, employee appreciation, and local engagement, the Mehoopany plant has be-come a symbol of what can be accomplished when a community-first approach is taken. On behalf of my constituents, I wish the employ-ees of Procter & Gamble’s Mehoopany plant the best as they continue to bring prosperity and employment opportunities to my district, and I look forward to the facility’s success and innovation in the years to come. f 
RECOGNIZING THE DEDICATED SERVICE OF MAJOR CHARLES E. ‘‘DOC’’ MERKEL, JR., PH.D., U.S. ARMY (RET.) 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Major Charles E. ‘‘Doc’’ Merkel, Jr., Ph.D., U.S. Army (ret.) upon the occasion of his retirement from the 53d Wing, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. Dr. Merkel has dedicated more than 45 years in support of our Nation’s defense. His service began with a 20 year ca-reer in the U.S. Army, then as a member of the private sector supporting development of air armament systems, and culminating with a civil servant career with the 53d Wing. It is my privilege to pay tribute to his lifetime of honor-able service to Northwest Florida and our great Nation. His active duty military career saw a variety of assignments. As an Army aviator, Dr. Merkel flew UH–1H helicopters as a member of Casper Platoon of the 173d Airborne Bri-gade (Sep) in the Republic of Vietnam, where he also helped collect and distribute school supplies and clothing to a Christian and Bud-dhist orphanage in the village of Bong Son. He was assigned to the United States Army Signal Center and School and then com-manded the Fort Monmouth Ceremonial Unit for a year prior to being selected as a test pilot for the U.S. Army Electronics Command. During his final two years at the Signal Center and School, Dr. Merkel served as the Com-manding Officer of the 800-man Headquarters and Headquarters Company. Upon completion of the Infantry Officer Ad-vanced Course and Airborne School at Fort Benning, Georgia, Dr. Merkel was assigned to the 2nd ‘‘All Infantry’’ Brigade, 2nd Division, Camp Hovey, Republic of Korea as an S–2 in-telligence officer and S–5 civil affairs officer. For his humanitarian work while in Korea, he was elected as [Honorary] Mayor in Kwang Am-Ri (Tokko-ri) and was recognized by Peo-ple to People International. When he returned to the U.S., Dr. Merkel served on the United States Army Aviation Board as a test project officer and later as di-vision chief of the Electronics Systems Test Division. While on the board, he performed operational testing to enhance pilot and air-craft survivability. He then served as Senior Assistant Pro-fessor of Military Science and Professor of Military Science at Valley Forge Military Acad-emy and Junior College in Wayne, Pennsyl-vania, before completing his military active duty career in the Army as a United States Army Tank-Automotive Command test engi-neer and Assistant Program Manager. Dr. Merkel retired from the Army as a Mas-ter Army Aviator with over 3000 hours of total flying time, and decorations that include the Legion of Merit, Bronze Star with one oak leaf cluster, Purple Heart, Meritorious Service Medal, Air Medal with eleven oak leaf clusters, Army Commendation Medal with four oak leaf clusters, and an Army Achievement Medal. Upon his transition to civilian life, Dr. Merkel continued his service by working as a con-tractor with the Advanced Medium Range Air- to-Air Missile Program, during which he was recognized with the Outstanding Achievement through Value Engineering Award for 1993 for his efforts managing special test vehicles and evaluating value engineering change pro-posals. Most recently, Dr. Merkel served as a histo-rian, responsible for covering military actions and civil disasters around the world, including in support of the Global War on Terrorism and Operation Enduring Freedom. While attached to the 451st Air Expeditionary Wing in Kandahar, Afghanistan, in addition to his re-sponsibilities as wing historian, Dr. Merkel es-tablished a campaign to provide the children in the province with school supplies. For his ef-forts, he was awarded the Exemplary Civilian Service Medal, a Global War on Terrorism Medal, and a special award from the North At-lantic Treaty Organization. Additionally, Dr. Merkel received the Exemplary Civilian Serv-ice Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Expe-ditionary Medal, and the Air Force Expedi-tionary Service Ribbon while in support of Op-eration Enduring Freedom and attached to the 386th Air Expeditionary Wing. His education includes a Master of Science from Troy University and Master of Arts from Temple University. He also completed the United States Army Command and General Course at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, and re-ceived his Ph.D. in history from Florida State University. He is an adjunct professor of his-tory at Troy University, Northwest Florida State College, and Central Texas College. His additional awards and accolades in-clude: the John L. Geoghegan Alumni Citizen-ship Award in 2009 from the Widener-PMC 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.029 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1181 September 6, 2016 
Alumni Association and the 2011 Distin-guished Alumnus for Military Service by Co-lumbus State University in Columbus, Georgia. In 2010, he was also inducted into the Henry H. ‘‘Hap’’ Arnold Society by the Association of Graduates at the United States Military Acad-emy. An active member of the Northwest Florida community, Dr. Merkel supports numerous nonprofit organizations, including the Fisher House at Eglin Air Force Base, the Emerald Coast Wildlife Refuge, and the Walton County Heritage Museum; he is the president of the West Point Society of Northwest Florida; and he is the First Congressional District Coordi-nator and Admissions Representative for the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York. I can personally attest to his hard work and efforts in this capacity, and I appre-ciate his personal initiative to follow the progress of all Northwest Florida cadet ap-pointees to West Point and to help ensure they get all the external advocacy/encourage-ment they may need for successful gradua-tion. Mr. Speaker, without question, Major Charles E. ‘‘Doc’’ Merkel, Jr., Ph.D., is retiring with an honorable career on which he can proudly hang his cap. He has touched count-less lives throughout his time both in and out of the military and has given selflessly back to the country he loves so dearly. It is my pleas-ure to join a grateful Northwest Florida com-munity and Nation in saluting his lifetime of service. Vicki and I thank Dr. Merkel; his wife, the former Diane Davis of Annandale, Virginia; daughter, Leigh Anne; son, Charles Robert and his wife, the former Julie Jordan of Graceville, Florida, and his three-year-old son, Charles Edward and wish them all the best for continued success. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF MR. JIM MORRIS 
HON. THOMAS J. ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Jim Morris, a beloved musician from Punta Gorda, who passed away on July 13, 2016. Jim was a passionate singer and songwriter with a devotion to telling stories with his music. Born and raised in Georgia, he was a gifted athlete. Jim attended Augusta College, where he majored in English Literature, on a full baseball scholarship. After an injury forced Jim to give up his pursuit of a baseball career, he began what would be a fifteen year career with Hercules Chemical Company in Dela-ware. Following a trip to Florida, Jim decided to leave his job as a corporate executive with Hercules Chemical and attempt to begin a ca-reer as a singer and songwriter in Punta Gorda, Florida. Jim quickly found success writ-ing songs about his own life, including one about his outlook on life ‘‘Livin’ Till the Day I Die.’’ Friends have said that there is not a bet-ter phrase to describe the way in which Jim approached life. Jim cared deeply about Punta Gorda and continuously worked to improve the small community. He served as an ambassador for the Charlotte County Bureau of Tourism, trav-eling all over the country to tell others of the wonders of the community he fell in love with. Jim was also a dedicated philanthropist, using his music to benefit those in need. He donated thousands of dollars to his favorite charity, Shoes for Kids, and performed dozens of benefit concerts all over the country throughout his career. Following the destruc-tion of Hurricane Charlie in 2004, Jim assisted in organizing a benefit concert, to help his friends and neighbors get back on their feet, that raised over $30,000. According to those who knew him best, Jim was the type of man that never met a strang-er. When not writing music, he loved to fish in Charlotte Harbor and travel around the world with his wife, Sharon. Mr. Speaker, I speak for the entire Punta Gorda community in saying that our thoughts and prayers are with Jim’s family as they mourn his passing. He will be greatly missed. f 
HONORING THE 100 YEAR ANNI-VERSARY OF THE TOWING IN-DUSTRY 
HON. CHARLES J. ‘‘CHUCK’’ FLEISCHMANN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the invaluable contributions of the towing and recovery industry in the United States, the Towing and Recovery As-sociation of America, the International Towing & Recovery Hall of Fame & Museum, towing associations around the world, and the mem-bers of those towing associations, and to cele-brate them. In 1916, Ernest Holmes built the first twin boom wrecker in Chattanooga, Tennessee, for use in his own garage and later agreed to build and sell the units to others; The first production wreckers were known as ‘‘680’s’’ because they cost $680; In service to the United States, the Ernest Holmes Company supplied the W–45 military wrecker for use during World War II; In 1959, the Ernest Holmes Company pat-ented its first tow sling and car dolly; In the early 1970’s, Gerald Holmes built the first hydraulic towing equipment, an advance-ment in the industry; In 1995, the International Towing & Recov-ery Hall of Fame & Museum was established in Chattanooga, Tennessee, the birthplace of the tow truck; In 2003, the Museum, having outgrown its original home, moved to 3315 Broad Street in Chattanooga; In 2006, the Museum officially dedicated the Wall of the Fallen, the first monument in the industry to honor towing operators killed in the line of service; In the United States, there are more than 35,000 tow companies and hundreds of thou-sands of individuals employed in the towing in-dustry, including tow truck operators, dis-patchers, safety advisors, and owners; More than 1 tow truck operator is killed every 6 days assisting motorists on the road-ways of the United States; Tow truck operators respond to nearly 15,000,000 accidents per year across the United States; Tow truck operators are an indispensable part of keeping the United States moving by keeping the highways of the United States clear and open for travel; Most highway crashes require assistance from tow truck operators; The people of the United States have a duty to drive safely and be courteous toward fellow motorists on the roadways as the people of the United States work together toward the common goal of reducing fatal accidents; The week of September 9 through Sep-tember 16, 2016, would be an appropriate week to designate as ‘‘National Towing Indus-try Awareness Week’’ and recognize the 100th anniversary of the tow truck, and support the designation of ‘‘National Towing Industry Awareness Week’’, to be held in conjunction with the International Towing & Recovery Hall of Fame & Museum Induction Ceremony and the Wall of the Fallen Ceremony, each of which is held annually at the International Towing & Recovery Hall of Fame & Museum in Chattanooga, Tennessee, and encourage the people of the United States to observe the move over and slow down laws in the United States. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE LOS FELIZ IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIA-TION’S 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Los Feliz Improvement Association (LFIA) upon its one-hundredth anniversary. In 1916, the Vermont Canyon Improvement Club was founded by William Mead, a promi-nent Los Angeles businessman and one of the original landowners in the Los Feliz area of Los Angeles. His initial order of business at the first meeting was to define the club’s land boundaries. In 1922, the club’s name changed to the Los Feliz Improvement Association, and beautification of the Los Feliz area was named as one of the association’s foremost goals. Over the past century, LFIA advocacy has taken many forms. Between the years of 1922 and 1930, the association was instrumental in realizing many precedent setting goals, includ-ing its support for the City of Los Angeles to accept a substantial bequest from Colonel Griffith J. Griffith for the construction of the Greek Theatre and Griffith Observatory. LFIA also was instrumental in the relocation of busi-nesses on Los Feliz Boulevard to other areas throughout the city thus turning the boulevard into a residential street. Persistent in its advo-cacy for new schools, the association’s efforts were reflected with the opening of two new schools, Franklin Avenue Elementary School and Thomas Starr King Junior High School, both of which serve Los Feliz residents to this day. The Los Feliz Improvement Association is heavily involved in cultural preservation, and many local historic landmarks were preserved and designated thanks to the successful advo-cacy of the LFIA, including the restoration of the Mulholland Memorial Fountain, Hollyhock House, and the Shakespeare Bridge. Today, the LFIA continues to support his-toric preservation efforts in Los Feliz by main-taining a historic photo archive and property 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06SE8.013 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1182 September 6, 2016 
survey of every residence in the area, includ-ing over 3,000 documented architecturally sig-nificant homes. The association is deeply committed to community beautification, and coordinates local clean-up efforts and cares for the celebrated Deodar Cedars that were originally planted in 1922 lining Los Feliz Bou-levard. In addition, the LFIA steadfastly advo-cates for strict enforcement of zoning and community development ordinances that limit noise pollution and traffic congestion in the Los Feliz Area. With the straightforward goal of making the Los Feliz area in the City of Los Angeles a better place to live, this remarkable organiza-tion has made extraordinary contributions to the Los Angeles community for over 100 years. I ask all members to join me in commending the Los Feliz Improvement Association for their unparalleled dedication to service. 
f 
HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF STE. GENEVIEVE 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the 50th anniversary of Ste. Gene-vieve, Missouri’s Jour de Fete. Held each Au-gust since 1966, this outdoor arts and crafts fair celebrates the city’s rich heritage and hon-ors its French and German roots. The Jour de Fete is held in the National His-toric Landmark District of Ste. Genevieve and features almost 200 arts and crafts booths, historic home tours, 25 local shops and art galleries, skill demonstrations, food, live music, beer and wine. Hundreds of visitors flock to the 2-day event each year. As the first European settlement in Missouri, Ste. Genevieve has long been home to tal-ented artisans and craftsmen. Its French Colo-nial atmosphere provides a perfect setting for the Jour de Fete, which was twice named a ‘Midwest Travel Treasure’ by AAA Magazine and selected as the People’s Choice for ‘Best Festival’ by the readers of Rural Missouri Magazine. For the innovative way they honor their her-itage and enhance tourism through Jour de Fete, it gives me great pleasure to recognize the Jour de Fete Planning Committee and the City of Ste. Genevieve before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. WILLIAM LYNCH 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. William Lynch for his service to the Kings County Fire Department and to con-gratulate him on his retirement after thirty one years of dedicated service. Mr. Lynch was born on August 26, 1959 in Hanford, California. After attending local schools, Mr. Lynch would go on to graduate from Hanford High School and later the Col-lege of the Sequoias with an Associates of Arts Degree. His commitment to higher edu-cation did not stop there, as Mr. Lynch is cur-rently attending Columbia Southern University. Mr. Lynch’s career in emergency services began in 1984 when he served as a Volunteer Firefighter for the Kings County Fire Depart-ment. In 1987, he was hired as a full-time Firefighter by the Hanford Fire Department where his hard work and dedication to emer-gency services would soon pay off. Due to his strong work ethic and strength of character, Mr. Lynch was promoted to Captain in 1995, Fire Marshal in 2004, and Deputy Chief in 2008. In 2011, Mr. Lynch’s career culminated when he was named the Kings County Fire Chief. During his tenure as Fire Chief, Mr. Lynch has oversaw a reorganization of the depart-ment management staff, successfully imple-mented an automatic aid agreement with the Hanford Fire Department, and renewed the mutual aid agreement with the Lemoore Fire Department. These accomplishments will allow the Kings County Fire Department to continue efficiently serving our community for years to come. In his personal time, Mr. Lynch enjoys spending time with his wife, Kathleen, and their children and grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Mr. William Lynch for his dedicated service to the Kings County Fire Department and to wish him well as he begins his retirement. f 
HONORING STATE REPRESENTATIVE KEVIN PARKER 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a good friend and public serv-ant, State Representative Kevin Parker, who is retiring as the representative for Washington State’s 6th District in the state legislature. Kevin has represented parts of Spokane, Cheney, Medical Lake and Airway Heights in my congressional district for four terms in the state legislature. Kevin also is an entrepreneur who manages 80 employees at his six coffee shops and teaches in the Whitworth University and Gonzaga University MBA programs. During his time in the legislature, Kevin be-came known as a compassionate conservative who focused on solutions to help the less for-tunate in his district and around the state. He said his most memorable achievements were legislation providing temporary IDs to the homeless to enable them to find work and this year’s Cancer Can’t bill allowing certain can-cer drugs to be included in the state’s chari-table pharmacy program. Kevin also was chosen by his peers to serve as Assistant Ranking Member on the House Appropriations Committee where he was intricately involved in budget negotiations. His experiences in the private sector and in the higher education classroom as an instruc-tor helped lead to one of the most successful and widely accepted state budgets in recent legislative history. In May, Kevin announced that he will not seek reelection to a fifth term. He has said that ‘‘serving the citizens of Spokane and the 6th District has truly been one of the highest honors of my life. Engaging with people and finding solutions to their problems is an abun-dantly rewarding occupation.’’ He emphasized, however, that ‘‘what I do as an elected official needs to take a back seat to my role as a fa-ther and husband.’’ I certainly understand the challenges associated with raising children as a public official, and commend Kevin for bal-ancing his public and private responsibilities extraordinarily well. Mr. Speaker, Kevin has said that he hopes he’s remembered as a hard worker whose door was always open to anyone and any ideas. That’s a model all public officials should emulate. I can say without hesitation that he has served his constituents and his community diligently and effectively. Although the legisla-ture will miss his insight and expertise on mat-ters important to our state, I know Kevin will carry on his service to Eastern Washington in many other ways. I wish him and his wife, Kerry, and their three children the best in the next chapter in their lives. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SETH LEVENTHAL OF THE UNITED STATES NAVY 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to recognize the tremendous work of my constituent Mr. Seth Leventhal of Sterling, Vir-ginia. Mr. Leventhal has served his nation proudly at the Department of the Navy for over 35 years, and for this I wish to acknowledge his service. Following the completion of his Master’s De-gree in Public Administration from Syracuse University, Mr. Leventhal began his civilian service to the Department of the Navy in Au-gust 1982. For the next 22 years, Mr. Leventhal worked with the Naval Seas Sys-tems Command (NAVSEA) before taking the position of Budget Policy Officer at the Com-mander, Naval Installations Command (CNIC) in 2004. He was furthermore an educator who taught numerous classes for the Navy on financial management and policy. His expertise and willingness to mentor others without a doubt positively impacted the lives of countless co-workers. More notably still, Mr. Leventhal is a recognized expert in the financial policy arena, speaking at numerous forums and publishing a weekly naval newsletter on this issue. Mr. Leventhal has been an integral member of the Department of the Navy throughout his career, eventually being recognized in 2007 with the Assistant Secretary of the Navy award for Individual Achievement in Human Capital for his role in establishing a command- wide leadership training program at CNIC. This is a man who deserves all our thanks and gratitude for all that he has done for this great nation. Mr. Speaker, I now ask that my colleagues join me in thanking Mr. Seth Leventhal for the outstanding services he provided to the United States throughout his 35 year long career at the Department of the Navy. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06SE8.016 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1183 September 6, 2016 
HONORING MS. JENNIFER ELLISON 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jennifer Ellison, who is being honored today by the Napa County Of-fice of Education as a 2017 Napa County Teacher of the Year. Ms. Ellison, a Napa native, completed both her Bachelor of Arts and teaching credential at the California State University, Chico. Ms. Elli-son then moved back to Napa, where she has taught students from the 2nd grade through the 9th grade at Vacaville Christian High School, Fairfield Christian School, and Phillips Elementary School over the past twenty years. Ms. Ellison brings an enthusiasm for teach-ing and a dedication to her students to her classroom. Ms. Ellison often works with dual language learners and students from low in-come families, but she takes the time to en-sure each student has access to the re-sources and instruction they need to succeed. In her classroom, students have the ability to explore, learn, and grow. Ms. Ellison works hard to ensure that each student is empow-ered to achieve their dreams. Outside the classroom, Ms. Ellison coaches Junior Varsity Volleyball and high school Speech and Debate. Even with her busy teaching schedule, Ms. Ellison has found time to serve as a Sunday school teacher and youth group leader. Mr. Speaker, Jennifer Ellison has dedicated her time and talents to inspiring students in our community to learn and strive for excel-lence for 20 years. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor her here today. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CATHY LACY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and recognize philan-thropist and community volunteer Cathy Lacy for being named a 2016 Women of Influence honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. For 17 years, the Business Record has un-dertaken an exhaustive annual review to iden-tify a standout group of women who have made a significant difference in business, civic and philanthropic endeavors throughout the Greater Des Moines Area. Ms. Lacy has de-voted her life to confronting challenges which many others might avoid. She has spent countless hours on various boards while blaz-ing a trail for others to follow. She was se-lected for the chosen field of expertise, the lasting impact on the community, involvement with civic or non-profit organization and being seen as a role model because of her lofty achievements and high ethical standards. Cathy Lacy has the determination and drive to be successful in anything she does, and her exemplary work with countless national, state and local projects for philanthropic causes throughout Des Moines and all of Iowa is widespread. In all aspects of her life, Cathy Lacy is an example of hard work and service who makes Iowans proud. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Cathy Lacy in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Cathy Lacy on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing Ms. Lacy a long and successful career. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DENICE SEALS 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the retirement of Denice Seals as CEO of the West Sacramento Chamber of Commerce. As her family, friends, and col-leagues gather to celebrate her long list of ac-complishments, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring this unique individual who has served and contributed so much to the city of West Sacramento. After 10 years as a member of the board of the West Sacramento Chamber of Commerce, Denice was named Board President/CEO in 2008. As Chamber of Commerce CEO, she boosted Chamber membership and helped re-cruit several businesses to West Sacramento, including Shimei and Nippon Shokken U.S.A. Denice also sought to fulfill social needs in the community, striving to align goals of economic development with cultivation of West Sac-ramento as a vibrant cultural hub. She spear-headed efforts to promote West Sacramento as one of the United States’ premier Farm-to- Fork cities. Denice helped launch the superbly popular West Sacramento Farmers Markets, showcasing locally grown produce from around the Sacramento Valley. She followed up on that success by hosting monthly Dig In dinners at the farmers market where farmers, chefs, local leaders, and residents come to-gether to share a delicious meal and con-versation. Denice has also promoted art within West Sacramento, including one of the city’s newest and most unique structures, known as The Barn, which is a social space as well as work of art. The Barn helps bookend West Sac-ramento’s River Walk Promenade, and once fully open, it will be a tremendous asset to our community. The dedication Denice has dem-onstrated to making West Sacramento a won-derful place to live, work, and play has been nothing short of exemplary. As Denice likes to say about West Sac-ramento, ‘‘we don’t do boring.’’ Neither does she. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to exceptional community member Denice Seals as her community celebrates her service to the City of West Sacramento. I ask all my col-leagues to join me in honoring her outstanding work and wishing her the best in retirement. CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF JEFFERSON HIGH SCHOOL HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate South Los Angeles’ Thomas Jefferson High School on 100 years of edu-cating and enriching the bright young minds of our community. Jefferson High opened in 1916, making it the fourth oldest public high school in the Los Angeles Unified School District. Many of America’s most brilliant and accomplished art-ists, athletes, and public officials have passed through its doors as students, including: Diplomat Ralph Bunche, a winner of the Nobel Peace Prize. Dorothy Dandridge, the first African-Amer-ican to receive an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress. Famed choreographer Alvin Ailey. Iconic singers such as Etta James and Barry White. Innumerable jazz musicians, including the great saxophonist Dexter Gordon. Emmett Ashford, Major League Baseball’s first African-American umpire. Olympic gold medalists like runner Mal Whitfield and high jumper Charles Dumas. And a distinguished member of this very chamber, the late Congressman Augustus F. Hawkins. As is evident by the alumni just mentioned, Jefferson High School’s tradition of excellence is reflected in its many distinguished grad-uates—men and women whose years at Jef-ferson influenced their special interest in con-tributing to the improvement of our global community. Guided by these alumni’s foot-steps, each new class of Jefferson students pursues greatness in the classroom, in the community, and on the field. Jefferson High is also notable as an archi-tectural landmark. After the Long Beach earth-quake of 1933, the architect Stiles O. Clements rebuilt the campus in a beautiful Streamline Moderne style. The resulting school has become a local artistic treasure. Mr. Speaker, I commend Thomas Jefferson High School on its 100th anniversary, and sa-lute the generations of students, teachers, and staff who have sustained it through the dec-ades. Jefferson High has become an es-teemed South L.A. institution, and I am con-fident that its future graduates will only add to the school’s magnificent legacy. 
f 
HOUSE APPROVES OPIOID CONFERENCE COMMITTEE REPORT 
HON. GUS M. BILIRAKIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, the House voted to pass our Conference Committee’s work on S. 524, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. I was extremely pleased to have the oppor-tunity to be on this Committee and serve as a voice for so many grieving parents, loved 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.034 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1184 September 6, 2016 
ones, and close friends who have tragically lost someone from prescription or substance abuse. The product of our work gives a voice to those that unfortunately are not here to share their own stories. Opioid abuse and addiction is a top con-cern. It is especially prominent in our Veteran population. Our Veterans often return with both physical and mental wounds. The invisible wounds they sustain serving our country are just as serious as the physical ones, and we must find the best ways to care for each and every hero. Recent statistics show that 20–22 Veterans commit suicide each day. This is deeply trou-bling. We must do all we can to prevent Vet-eran suicide and ensure they receive the qual-ity care they have earned and deserve. I am grateful to my colleagues for accepting some of my priorities that I have been dili-gently advocating for this Congress. Specifi-cally, my initiatives, the Creating Options for Veterans Expedited Recovery or COVER Act (H.R. 271) and the Jason Simcakoski Pro-moting Responsible Opioid Management and Incorporating Scientific Expertise or the PROMISE Act (H.R. 4063), were incorporated into this bill along with other measures I have authored in the House Energy and Commerce Committee. The COVER Act is a bipartisan provision which provides a pathway forward that will eventually allow Veterans to have a range of options for mental health treatments such as outdoor sports therapy, hyperbaric oxygen therapy, accelerated resolution therapy, and service dog therapy. The PROMISE Act will increase safety for opioid therapy and pain management by re-quiring the VA and DOD to update their Clin-ical Practice Guidelines for Management of Opioid Therapy for Chronic Pain. It also re-quires VA opioid prescribers to have en-hanced pain management and safe opioid pre-scribing education and training and further re-quires the VA to increase information sharing with state licensing boards. My bill encourages transparency and will further efforts to hold the VA accountable by requiring GAO to report on recommendations for improvement and assess the level of care Veterans are receiving. Additionally, the PROMISE Act will authorize a program on integration of complementary and integrative health within the VA and en-courage more outreach and awareness of the Patient Advocacy Program to educate Vet-erans on their care options. Mr. Speaker, our Veterans have sacrificed so much for our country, and we have a re-sponsibility to ensure they are receiving the quality of care they have earned and deserve. We must hold the VA accountable and en-courage optimal care for all Veterans who have fought for the freedoms we enjoy on a daily basis. Enactment of both these bills sends a clear message that enough is enough. Even one life lost is one too many. Those that have been bestowed the sacred duty of caring for our true heroes must have the training, resources and passion to do right. This victory would not have been possible without the commitment and tireless work of so many. I sincerely thank everyone for their support and advocacy in our efforts to combat the opioid epidemic in our country. Through the collaboration with families back home, stakeholders, and many others, we were able to come together to make necessary reforms and investments to really take a stand and save lives. First and foremost, I want to extend my ap-preciation to the Simcakoski family. Like so many others who have been affected by simi-lar tragedies, hearing firsthand from families such as the Simcakoskis highlighted the need that we can and must do more for those who have proudly served to defend our great na-tion. I greatly appreciate the support from my col-leagues in the House and Senate, especially Senator T
AMMY BALDWIN for spearheading this effort in the Senate, Representatives R
ON K
INDand K ATHLEEN RICEfor taking the lead with me in the House, and those who cospon-sored the PROMISE Act and COVER Act. I want to thank the following groups for their efforts and letters of support as well including: the American Legion, AMVETS, Iraq & Af-ghanistan Veterans of America, the Disabled Veterans of America, Vietnam Veterans of America, Blinded American Veterans Founda-tion, Wounded Warrior Project, Veterans of Foreign Wars, VetsFirst, the Fleet Reserve Association, the United States Conference of Mayors, American Dance Therapy Associa-tion, American Music Therapy Association, American Art Therapy Association, Brain Treatment Center, Mental Health America, Boston Scientific, U.S. Pain Foundation, Per-forming Arts Alliance, the Certification Board for Music Therapists, Mid-America Arts Alli-ance, Pasco County Alliance for Substance Abuse, the Sixth Judicial Circuit’s Veterans’ Treatment Court, National Alliance for Mental Illness Pasco/Pinellas, BayCare Behavioral Health, Veterans’ Alternative Center, my Vet-erans’ Advisory Committee, the Pinellas Coun-ty Veteran Service Office, the Pasco County Veteran Service Office, the Hillsborough County Veteran Service Office, and the orga-nizations that signed onto the letter led by the Coalition to Stop Opioid Overdose. I also want to thank Dr. Kevin Kip, who oversees the Accelerated Resolution Therapy program at the University of South Florida, Dr. Edi Dopking, Director of Quantum Leap Farms, Inc., Judge Shawn Crane of the Sixth Judicial Circuit’s Veterans’ Treatment Court, Sheriff Bob Gualtieri of the Pinellas County Sheriff’s Office, Sheriff Chris Nocco of the Pasco County Sheriff’s Office, and Doug Leonardo, Executive Director for BayCare Be-havioral Health, for their input and hard work to help our heroes. To everyone else who was involved, advo-cated for the COVER and PROMISE Acts, and those who spread the word on the impor-tance of these bills through social media, thank you so very much from the bottom of my heart. Our Veterans deserve it all, and get-ting this done on their behalf symbolizes our commitment to uphold our promises as a grateful nation. 
f 
HONORING FLORIDA ATLANTIC UNIVERSITY 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Florida Atlantic University for the success of their MBA in Sports Man-agement program. The program recently ranked third out of over 600 graduate-level sports programs internationally. FAU started offering a MBA in Sports Man-agement in 2000, and has been ranked in the top 10 programs in the world for four years now. Alumni of the program have gone on to work for Florida teams like the Miami Dol-phins, Miami Heat, and Florida Panthers, as well as professional sports teams and univer-sity athletic departments across the country. It is my great privilege to recognize FAU for this accomplishment and for all they have done for their students, the South Florida com-munity, and professional sports. f 
IN HONOR OF JEEP’S 75TH ANNI-VERSARY & CELEBRATING THE NEXT 75 YEARS OF JEEP CITY IN TOLEDO 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as we return from celebrating Labor Day in com-munities across our nation to pay special trib-ute to the iconic American automobile known as Jeep. Let us applaud the men and women who have dedicated the best years of their lives to building this enduring industrious vehi-cle over generations. Toledo invited the world to celebrate Jeep’s 75th anniversary on Au-gust 13, 2016. Jeeps of every year and model, some quite rare, prototypes and one-of-a- kinds, rolled into Toledo to parade through the streets and show off the Jeep’s history. Jeep’s story began as a durable and reliable vehicle intended for the theatre of military bat-tle and forged in wartime for the troops fight-ing in World War II. The do-anything, go-any-where Jeep long ago evolved from its trade-mark olive-toned, rugged utilitarian vehicle into a classic and enviable symbol of America’s fortitude, determination and resolve. The Jeep has survived and thrived for the past seventy- five years, emerging in our nation’s conscious-ness from ubiquity on the battlefield to a rug-ged symbol found in millions of driveways around the globe. Though Toledo cannot lay sole claim to its actual origin, the engine powering the 645,000 wartime Jeeps was designed in Toledo and Willys Corporation trademarked the brand name. The history explains that, ‘‘After winning a government contract, Willys-Overland’s To-ledo factory built approximately 368,000 vehi-cles for the U.S. Army during World War II. They were shipped all over the world. Where the Army went, the Jeep went.’’ Willys-Overland went on to build the ‘‘Jeep station wagon, the first all-steel wagon ever built in America. Toledo also introduced the world to the Grand Wagoneer, the world’s first luxury SUV. The next generation of the brand’s flagship Wrangler’’ will be built in To-ledo, too. ‘‘Last year, Jeep sold 1.2 million ve-hicles worldwide. The company’s Toledo As-sembly Complex built 538,993, or 45 percent of them. All the while, as Toledoans built Jeeps, Jeep helped to build the City’s middle class.’’ Much like America itself, Jeep’s core char-acteristics are strength, durability and reli-ability. This has been made possible by a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:51 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.038 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1185 September 6, 2016 
dedicated hardworking workforce of the men and women of the Toledo region, Jeep’s home for all of these years. Our national celebration of the Jeep is as much a celebration of Jeep’s workforce as it is this enduring vehicle. The hardworking and dedicated men and women of the United Auto Workers Local 12 have car-ried Jeep forward over the decades. It is the blood, sweat and toil of thousands of auto workers over three quarters of a century that delivered Jeep to its 75th anniversary. The road has not always been easy: there have been times when the workforce and To-ledo were faced with real challenges to ‘‘Keep Jeep’’ in Toledo. The aging Willys Overland factory was replaced with a gleaming state of the art modern complex that now produces the legendary vehicles. The City of Toledo and Jeep’s workforce have responded time and again to re-making Toledo’s signature vehicle. Their efforts have been rewarded as the com-pany continues its investment in its workforce and in Toledo where work is underway on a $700 million retooling and the addition of 700 new jobs. There are Jeep enthusiasts all across our country. They love their Jeeps and the quali-ties of the vehicle as much as the symbolism. Yet, as its anniversary celebration proved, To-ledo loves its Jeep. Its legacy is an important part of our identity as a community. ‘‘I build Jeeps’’ a United Auto Worker says with pride. The sentiment was eloquently cap-tured in the Toledo Blade’s excellent com-memorative insert on the 75th anniversary of the Jeep. The story told through the com-memorative insert underscores the signifi-cance of the phrase ‘‘Toledo Built Jeep’’ to To-ledo and northern Ohio. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘It is true that the American people know Detroit as Motor City,’’ but I rise today to declare that my hometown, ‘‘Toledo, Ohio is Jeep Country.’’ Congratulations to Chrysler Fiat Corporation and the United Auto Workers Local 12 on their building the signa-ture Jeep in Toledo, Ohio. We look forward to the next 75 years in Jeep City. 
f 
TUESDAY’S IN TEXAS: MANUEL T. GONZAULLAS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the year was 1906 when a young, fifteen year old was staying in Texas with his family. He was a forced to watch as both of his brothers were murdered by bandits, and his parents barely escaped with their lives. It was then and there that this young man decided to use his life to fight crime. And that man is Manuel T. Gonzaullas, the ‘‘Lone Wolf.’’ Within the next fourteen years, he trained in law enforcement and joined the Texas Rang-ers. One look at him and you wouldn’t think of him as an intimidating man. He only stood about five foot, nine inches. ‘‘He was soft-spo-ken man,’’ one of his friends said of him. He was known as quite the dresser, always im-peccably groomed and styled, loved fancy cars and guns and always carried his pocket Testament. But don’t let his appearance fool you. He viewed all lawbreakers, criminals and felons with an instinctual hatred, granting those who dared to cause trouble no mercy. The legend states that Gonzaullas worked alone. He recalls ‘‘I went into a lot of fights by myself, and I came out by myself, too.’’ The dastardly Mexican bandits began to call him ‘‘El Lobo Solo’’ or the ‘‘Lone Wolf.’’ The name stuck. In another famous lore occurring in 1930, Gonzaullas rushed into the town of Sherman, Texas when a field hand brutally raped his employer’s wife. When a mass riot broke out and the courthouse was set on fire, Gonzaullas took his position in front of the county jail. Texas Ranger historian Robert Utley writes ‘‘With a pistol holstered on each hip, a Thompson submachine gun con-spicuous by his hide, and a sawed off shot- gun in hand, he confronted the crowds ad-vancing on the jail.’’ His aggressive style and larger than life attitude protected the people of Texas from the lawbreakers of society. Not to be left out, Texas legend holds that, at the time, the oil-boom town of Kilgore was ‘‘the most lawless town in Texas.’’ But when Gonzaullas rode into town on his black stal-lion, everyone knew he meant business. There were several gangs and bandits running about the town and its new booming oil economy, but within the first few weeks Gonzaullas had already shot three men and was on the road to cleaning up the town. ‘‘He’d give you a warning,’’ one Kilgore resident said. ‘‘And if you didn’t heed it, he’d shoot you.’’ It was said that at one point he had arrested three hun-dred men suspected of various crimes. He pa-raded them down town, and had them all handcuffed. He then told them they could all go free . . . if they left town within the next four hours. They were all gone within ten min-utes. These, and many of his other bold brave deeds earned him the reputation in the Texas country side of riding into town on his black stallion Tony. Then he would singlehanded rid the town of outlaws, bandits and trouble-makers. Although he was usually out-numbered by the bad guys, he fearlessly fought hard to keep the Texas land safe for law abiding citizens. In a time when the oil boom was bringing all types of people to the Texas frontier, Texas Ranger Manuel Gonzaullas—The Lone Wolf—was making sure they followed the Law, or face unpleasant consequences. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MARTY HELFERS ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Marty Helfers as he retires from a long and fulfilling union career. Marty Helfers began his distinguished ca-reer in the building and construction trades as a gas serviceman in 1979. Later working as a steamfitter and project manager, his leader-ship ability earned the respect and admiration of his colleagues. In 2007, he was selected to be the Executive Director of the West Central Illinois Building and Construction Trades Council. Representing the interests of 17,000 workers across 13 counties, he skillfully im-proved the relationships between labor, own-ers, developers, and contractors. He recog-nized the fact that strong and healthy labor or-ganizations are fundamental to a thriving mid-dle class. In addition to his work for the Trades Coun-cil, Marty has made career opportunities in the building and construction trades more acces-sible for young workers as a certified instructor of apprentice plumbers, steamfitters, welders, and service technicians and also as a chair of the Peoria Construction Career Expo. He is an active member of Steamfitters Local 353 and sits on the Heart of Illinois United Way Board of Directors, the Tri-County Construction Labor-Management Council, the Peoria Area Management Council, the West Central Illinois Labor Council, and the Illinois Prevailing Wage Council. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Mr. Helfers once again for his commitment to or-ganized labor and the community alike. I wish him the best in his well-earned retirement. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PASTOR DONNELL RIGGINS AND THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF DEL PASO UNION BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 70th anniversary of Del Paso Union Baptist Church and Pastor Donnell Riggins. I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring their important roles in Del Paso Heights and in the larger Sacramento community. As lead pastor of the Del Paso Union Bap-tist Church, Pastor Donnell Riggins has dem-onstrated outstanding dedication to his com-munity. Through his work with the Shoulder to Shoulder organization, he has empowered at- risk local youth and fostered their development into excellent citizens. Following the inspira-tional example set by Pastor Donnell Riggins, the congregation of the Del Paso Union Bap-tist Church Sacramento Community makes community service a priority, regularly volun-teering with the Sacramento Food Bank and St. John’s Program for Real Change to pro-vide necessary goods and services for Sac-ramento’s less fortunate. The commitment of Pastor Donnell Riggins and the Del Paso Union Baptist to the people of Del Paso Heights has been nothing short of exemplary. Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor to pay trib-ute to Pastor Donnell Riggins and the Del Paso Union Baptist Church. As the congrega-tion of Del Paso Union Baptist Church gathers to celebrate their 70th anniversary and the service of Pastor Donnell Riggins, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring Pastor Donnell Riggins and the Del Paso Union Bap-tist Church for their invaluable contributions to Del Paso Heights and the Greater Sacramento community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.040 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1186 September 6, 2016 
IN HONOR OF THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF GREAT FALLS PARK 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor the 50th anniversary of Great Falls Park. Established in 1966, this pristine natural reserve is situated on 800 acres along the banks of the Potomac River in northern Fair-fax County. Great Falls Park has been home to many relaxing hikes, peaceful picnics, and family getaways throughout the years, and it will continue to be a destination for visitors from all over. The hard work done by the men and women of the Great Falls Park Service has helped en-sure an amazing outdoor space for many of my constituents to escape the pace of metro-politan living and reconnect with nature. The hiking paths allow countless people access to an enjoyable and healthy activity. Our coexist-ence with nature is a vital component to a sustainable ecosystem, and I am proud to have such a remarkable park in my District. The close collaboration of the constituents of Virginia’s 10th Congressional District is crucial to preserving the diverse wildlife population lo-cated in Great Falls Park. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join in recognizing the 50th anniversary of Great Falls Park and thanking the many men and women who keep the park clean and enjoy-able for the countless tourists who visit on a yearly basis. I know the park will continue to provide a natural escape to all who seek one. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RUTH RANDLEMAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and recognize Ruth Randleman, community leader and Mayor of Carlisle, Iowa for being named a 2016 Women of Influence honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. For 17 years, the Business Record has un-dertaken an exhaustive annual review to iden-tify a standout group of women who have made a significant difference in business, civic and philanthropic endeavors throughout the Greater Des Moines Area. Ms. Randleman has devoted her life to confronting challenges which many others might avoid. She has spent countless hours on various boards while blazing a trail for others to follow. She was se-lected for the chosen field of expertise, the lasting impact on the community, involvement with civic or non-profit organization and being seen as a role model because of her lofty achievements and high ethical standards. Ruth Randleman has the determination and drive to be successful in anything she does and her exemplary work with her leadership for the city of Carlisle where she has been ac-tive on the City Council for 16 years. She serves on many area boards and commissions including past service as president of the Iowa League of Cities and the Warren County (Iowa) Economic Development Corporation. In all aspects of her life, Ruth Randleman is an example of hard work and service who makes Iowans proud. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Ruth Randleman in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for uti-lizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my col-leagues in the House to join me in congratu-lating Ruth Randleman on receiving this es-teemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing Ms. Randleman a long and successful career. f 
TRIBUTE TO HONOR THE LIFE OF BLAKE G. KRIKORIAN 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life of Blake G. Krikorian, a Silicon Valley icon who was taken suddenly from his family at the young age of 48, after an afternoon of surfing in the majes-tic Pacific Ocean south of San Francisco. Blake and his brothers Adam and Jason grew up in the Bay area, and Blake attended UCLA where he played water polo. He was well known as the CEO of Sling Media, which he founded with his brother Jason, and he worked with many other companies. Blake’s brother, Adam Krikorian, is the coach of the United States Women’s Water Polo Team. Blake Krikorian can be described in super-latives . . . savvy, ebullient, and friend to countless people. He was a mentor, a tinkerer, a supporter, an entrepreneur and an angel in-vestor. He’s been described as a man with a near artistic capability to make unobvious connec-tions among widely diverse things and ideas. He had a wonderful laugh, he was an amazing friend, a terrific man with child-like curiosity, brilliant, wise, creative, warm, personable, and always helpful. Blake Krikorian adored his family and wor-shiped his wife Cathy and their two daughters. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Rep-resentatives to join me in extending our most sincere condolences to the entire family of Blake Krikorian and in honoring his extraor-dinarily productive, generous, and all too brief life. We are a better people and a better coun-try because he walked with us. 
f 
HONORING THE MARTINEZ BEAVER FESTIVAL 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Martinez Beaver Fes-tival, which for the past nine years has com-memorated the broad public support and civic action that saved our local beaver population from trapping. This annual festival not only emphasizes the importance that beavers hold for our creeks and wildlife, but also is a cele-bration of our community and local govern-ment working together for this worthy cause. The Martinez Beaver Festival is hosted by Worth a Dam, a local nonprofit dedicated to maintaining the beaver population in Martinez. Their many contributions to our community in-volve education, advocacy, and local events. The organization also aims to teach other cit-ies about the importance of coexisting with this important species. Furthermore, Worth a Dam has increased public awareness on the importance of beavers to the ecological health of urban streams by providing exploration tours, promoting ecotourism in Martinez through various events, and awarding Beaver Scholarships to other cities learning to deal with their own beaver-related issues. During its history, Worth a Dam and the Martinez Beaver Festival have provided exhib-its and presentations to wildlife groups across our state, as well as in Utah and Oregon. Thanks to Worth a Dam’s website dedicated to beaver information, people across our na-tion have access to data and resources need-ed to solve wild beaver issues and to develop a stronger appreciation for the importance of beavers to their local ecosystems. Worth a Dam has recently worked internationally with beaver advocates in Canada and Scotland to educate stakeholders and their communities to help resolve various beaver-related issues. Mr. Speaker, the Martinez Beaver Festival is of tremendous value to our community, and its success has brought awareness to our com-munity’s wildlife conservation efforts. There-fore, it is fitting and proper that we honor the Martinez Beaver Festival here today. f 
THE TOWN OF GRANITE FALLS NORTH CAROLINA JOINING THE NATIONAL MOMENT OF REMEM-BRANCE OF THE 15TH ANNIVER-SARY OF SEPTEMBER 11TH 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak on behalf of the Town and Town Coun-cil of Granite Falls, North Carolina, to express their support of observance of the 15th Anni-versary of September 11th. The Town Council of the Town of Granite Falls passed a resolution that affirms that, to-gether as a Nation, ceasing all work or other activity for a moment of remembrance begin-ning at 1:00 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on September 11, 2016, in honor of the 15th an-niversary of the terrorist attacks committed against the United States on September 11, 2001. Nearly 3,000 innocent civilians were killed in the heinous attacks of September 11, 2001. Tens of thousands of individuals narrowly es-caped the attacks at the Pentagon and World Trade Center and, as witnesses to this trag-edy, are forever changed. Countless fire de-partments, police departments, first respond-ers, governmental officials, workers, emer-gency medical personnel, and volunteers re-sponded immediately and heroically to those horrific events. Fifteen years later, the people of the United States and people around the world continue to mourn the tremendous loss of innocent life on that fateful day; and, thousands of men and women in the United States Armed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.044 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1187 September 6, 2016 
Forces remain in harm’s way defending the United States against those who seek to threaten the United States. On the 15th anni-versary of this tragic day, the thoughts of the people of the United States are with all of the victims of the events of September 11, 2001, and their families. September 11 will never, and should never, be just another day in the hearts and minds of all people of the United States. Therefore, the Town of Granite Falls would like to recognize the observance of this impor-tant anniversary and encourages the observ-ance of the moment of remembrance marking the moment in an appropriate manner. I would like to submit a resolution passed by the Town of Granite Falls remembering the Anniversary of September 11th. 
RESOLUTION  
RECOGNIZING PATRIOT DAY , THE NATIONAL DAY  
OF SERVICE AND REMEMBRANCE , AND THE NA -
TIONAL MOMENT OF REMEMBRANCE OF THE  
15TH ANNIVERSARY OF SEPTEMBER 11TH  Whereas, the Town Council of the Town of Granite Falls expresses their support of the citizens of the United States coming to-gether as a Nation and ceasing all work or other activity for a moment of remembrance beginning at 8:46 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time on September 11, 2016, in honor of the 15th anniversary of the terrorist attacks com-mitted against the United States on Sep-tember 11, 2001; and Whereas, at 8:46 a.m., on September 11, 2001, hijacked American Airlines Flight 11 crashed into the upper portion of the North Tower of the World Trade Center in New York City, New York; and Whereas, 17 minutes later, at 9:03 a.m., hi-jacked United Airlines Flight 175 crashed into the South Tower of the World Trade Center; and Whereas, at 9:37 a.m., the west wall of the Pentagon was hit by hijacked American Air-lines Flight 77, the impact of which caused immediate and catastrophic damage to the headquarters of the Department of Defense; and Whereas, at approximately 10:03 a.m., the passengers and crew of hijacked United Air-lines Flight 93 acted heroically to retake control of the airplane and thwart the tak-ing of additional American lives by crashing the airliner in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, and, in doing so, gave their lives to save countless others; and Whereas, nearly 3,000 innocent civilians were killed in the heinous attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001; and Whereas, tens of thousands of individuals narrowly escaped the attacks at the Pen-tagon and World Trade Center and, as wit-nesses to this tragedy, are forever changed; and Whereas, countless fire departments, po-lice departments, first responders, govern-mental officials, workers, emergency med-ical personnel, and volunteers responded im-mediately and heroically to those horrific events; and Whereas, the Fire Department of New York suffered 343 fatalities on September 11, 2001, the largest loss of life of any emergency re-sponse agency in United States history; and Whereas, the Port Authority Police De-partment suffered 37 fatalities in the at-tacks, the largest loss of life of any police force in United States history in a single day; and Whereas, the New York Police Department suffered 23 fatalities as a result of the ter-rorist attacks; and Whereas, the impact of that day on public health continues through 2016, as nearly 90,000 people are at risk of or suffering from negative health effects as a result of the events of September 11, 2001, including 14,000 workers and 2,400 community residents who are sick, and tens of thousands of others whose health is being monitored; and Whereas, 15 years later, the people of the United States and people around the world continue to mourn the tremendous loss of in-nocent life on that fateful day; and Whereas, 15 years later, thousands of men and women in the United States Armed Forces remain in harm’s way defending the United States against those who seek to threaten the United States; and Whereas, on the 15th anniversary of this tragic day, the thoughts of the people of the Town of Granite Falls are with all of the vic-tims of the events of September 11, 2001 and their families; and Whereas, the lives of Americans were changed forever on September 11, 2001, when events threatened the American way of life; and Whereas, September 11 will never, and should never, be just another day in the hearts and minds of all people of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved that the Town Council of the Town of Granite Falls: (1) recognizes September 11, 2016, as a day of solemn commemoration of the events of September 11, 2001, and a day to come to-gether as a Nation; and (2) offers its deepest and most sincere con-dolences to the families, friends, and loved ones of the innocent victims of the Sep-tember 11, 2001, terrorist attacks; and (3) honors the heroic service, actions, and sacrifices of first responders, law enforce-ment personnel, State and local officials, volunteers, and countless others who aided the innocent victims of those attacks and, in doing so, bravely risked and often gave their own lives; and (4) recognizes the valiant service, actions, and sacrifices of United States personnel, in-cluding members of the United States Armed Forces, the United States intelligence agen-cies, the United States diplomatic service, homeland security and law enforcement per-sonnel, and their families, who have given so much, including their lives and well-being, to support the cause of freedom and defend the security of the United States; and (5) reaffirms that the people of the Town of Granite Falls will never forget the chal-lenges our country endured on and since Sep-tember 11, 2001, and will work tirelessly to defeat those who attacked the United States; and be it further Resolved that on the 15th anniversary of this tragic day in United States history the Town Council of the Town of Granite Falls requests that citizens observe a moment of remembrance on September 11, 2016, and be it further Resolved that the Town Council of the Town of Granite Falls requests the observ-ance of the moment of remembrance to last for 1 minute beginning at 8:46 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time by, to the maximum extent practicable ceasing all work or other activ-ity; and marking the moment in an appro-priate manner, including by ringing bells, blowing whistles, or sounding sirens. f 
THE CENTENNIAL OF THE CRE-ATION OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL TRADE COMMIS-SION 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the centennial of the creation of the United States International Trade Commission and to congratulate the Commission and its exceptional staff on their distinguished service. One hundred years ago, Congress directed the President to establish what was then known as the United States Tariff Commis-sion. Congress authorized the Commission to gather expert and impartial information on the ‘‘administrative, fiscal, and industrial effects of U.S. customs laws’’ for the President and Congress. In 1974, Congress renamed the Commission as the U.S. International Trade Commission, through the Trade Act of 1974, and expanded its investigatory and quasi-judi-cial role. Today, the nonpartisan independent Com-mission continues its invaluable work as man-dated by Congress to administer U.S. trade remedy laws in a fair and objective manner and to provide Congress and the President with independent analysis and information concerning international trade, tariffs, and U.S. competitiveness. We have depended on the Commission’s commitment to excellence in performing these important functions and serving a vital role for Congress, the Executive Branch, and the American public. Therefore I ask my col-leagues to join me in offering my sincerest thanks to the U.S. International Trade Com-mission and its staff for their commendable work over the last one hundred years. We look forward to continuing to rely on the pro-fessionalism, objectivity, and neutrality of this vitally important agency in providing us with independent and sound advice, which allows us to effectively carry out our Constitutional duties in establishing U.S. trade policy. f 
TRIBUTE TO BARB KNIFF- M
CCULLA 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and recognize Barb Kniff-McCulla, owner and CEO of KLK Con-struction, Inc. for being named a 2016 Women of Influence honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. For 17 years, the Business Record has un-dertaken an exhaustive annual review to iden-tify a standout group of women who have made a significant difference in business, civic and philanthropic endeavors throughout the Greater Des Moines Area. Ms. Kniff-McCulla has devoted her life to confronting challenges which many others might avoid. She has spent countless hours on various boards while blazing a trail for others to follow. She was se-lected for the chosen field of expertise, the lasting impact on the community, involvement with civic or non-profit organization and being seen as a role model because of her lofty achievements and high ethical standards. Barb Kniff-McCulla has the determination and drive to be successful in anything she does, and her exemplary work with KLK Con-struction, a leader in cable placement within the utility construction market which serves a seven-state region. In all aspects of her life, Barb Kniff-McCulla is an example of hard work and service who makes Iowans proud. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.048 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1188 September 6, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Barb Kniff-McCulla in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for uti-lizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my col-leagues in the House to join me in congratu-lating Barb Kniff-McCulla on receiving this es-teemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing Ms. Kniff-McCulla a long and successful ca-reer. 
f 
‘‘LIVING TO 100’’ ADVICE BY ARCHIE SCHIFF 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I recently had the honor of meeting Archie Schiff, a World War II veteran, in celebration of his 105th birthday this year. Archie attributes his health and longevity to a careful diet he only strays from once a year—on his birthday. I am pleased to be able to share the following ad-vice from Archie on how to stay healthy and active as you live past 100 years old: 
BYARCHIE SCHIFF , BORNJULY22, 1911 This is what I do and what I recommend. You are what you eat. You are what you think. I added that because your emotional health is also important. If you show anxiety, depression, worry or hate someone or something, your body im-mediately manufactures poison into your system. The big word here is ‘adjust’. You must adjust your life to whatever life throws at you. Many persons ask me what is the secret of your long life. First, cultivate a happy dis-position. This is my diet. Eat anything that grows on a tree, a vine or a plant or anything from the earth. Nature is the healer. Everything you eat or drink has a chemical in it, except fruit, vegetables, fish or nuts. Read your la-bels and the ingredients. I actually saw some food items containing red number three, yel-low number five, and blue number 40. Put them back on the shelf, as it is my belief that they cause cancer. For breakfast, take your pick: a peach, plum, pear, apple or orange. I eat apples, an egg or two, however you want to cook it, 11 or 12 grapes, prunes, and a banana. Drink two or more liquids. I use a green tea bag three times a day. Coffee and hot chocolate aren’t too bad, if drunk moderately. Include oatmeal once or twice daily. Also include blueberries and strawberries three times daily, and 11 or 12 grapes three times daily, and use garlic and onions in what you cook or in a salad. For lunch broccoli, cauliflower and/or cab-bage may help prevent cancer. Add to that spinach, red beets, beans, coleslaw, cucum-bers, watermelon, olives, chicken salad or strips, turkey squares, onions, garlic, sweet potatoes, celery, carrots, radishes, walnuts, pecans, almonds and pineapple. For dinner: salmon or sardines; add a little lemon juice on that. Also, you can have pea-nut butter on a slice of rye bread. Plus all the fruit you like. No cookies, no cakes, no pies, no ice cream. No sweets or sugary items at all, only on your birthday. Do not consume breads or meats, including pork, sausage, bologna or other delicatessen meats. Store-bought bread made without ad-ditives or homemade bread is allowable though. Do some type of physical activity daily, even if it is only standing or walking. f IRAN ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I strongly op-pose the Iran Accountability Act of 2016 (H.R. 5631). Unfortunately, I could not be in DC to vote against the bill as I was home in Min-neapolis for the funeral of Philando Castile. The Iran Accountability Act of 2016 under-mines the ability of the United States to com-ply with the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion (JCPOA), also known as the Iran nuclear deal. The bill uses non-nuclear reasons to re- impose certain secondary economic and finan-cial sanctions lifted on the JCPOA’s imple-mentation day and could require the President to impose new nuclear-related sanctions on Iran. Thus, if implemented, the bill would pre-vent the Administration from implementing a number of its commitments outlined in the JCPOA. If the Iran Accountability Act of 2016 were to become law, both our partners and Iran would question our commitment to the nuclear deal. The provisions contained within this bill could even open a path for Iran to restart its nuclear program. This would not only put the nuclear deal at risk, but also undermine our national security interests and significantly damage U.S. credibility and leadership abroad. The JCPOA is a historic diplomatic achieve-ment worth protecting. So far, Iran has com-plied with the deal. Without resorting to vio-lence, it has constrained Iran’s nuclear pro-gram, led to the dismantlement of key compo-nents of the program, and subjected Iran’s program to unprecedented verification and monitoring requirements. Simply put, the JCPOA ensures that Iran’s nuclear program is and continues to be peace-ful. We must not jeopardize this achievement by backtracking on our commitments. There-fore, I oppose this bill. 
f 
HONORING THE LAKE COUNTY CHILDREN’S ADVOCACY CENTER AND THE OPENING OF THEIR HEALING GARDEN 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Lake County Children’s Advocacy Center and the groundbreaking ceremony of their new Healing Garden. Since its opening in 1987, the Lake County Children’s Advocacy Center’s mission has been to provide a pro-tective environment for child victims of abuse. In addition to sensitively approaching these victims in a respectful, thoughtful manner and helping them to recover from their traumas, the Center investigates and prosecutes their abusers in partnership with the Lake County State’s Attorney’s Office and local Lake Coun-ty police departments. One of the most effective services the Chil-dren’s Advocacy Center offers is the oppor-tunity for the victims to interact with their vet-eran comfort dog, Mitchell, who gives them compassion and solace throughout their entire recovery process. The Healing Garden is an-other creative initiative by the Children’s Advo-cacy Center that will aid children and their families throughout the healing process by creating a safe place to interact and reflect, as well as gain strength and hope for the future. The Garden is assured to be a cornerstone of healing at a Center that facilitates that pre-cious help for so many of the hurting children in our community. f 
IN MEMORY OF THE LATE CONGRESSMAN MARK TAKAI 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Con-gresswoman T
ULSI GABBARD and CAPAC Chairwoman J
UDY CHUfor their leadership in organizing today’s tribute to the late Congress-man Mark Takai. I rise with my colleagues to honor the mem-ory of a great man and a wonderful colleague. I also want to express my deepest condo-lences to his wife and two children—thank you for sharing Mark with all of us. Mark was everything a public servant should be. He was a steward of our planet, and a fierce advocate for service members, as well as the people of Hawaii. He served his country in the Hawaii Army National Guard, where he obtained the rank of lieutenant colonel. Mark also served 20 years in the Hawaii House of Representatives before his election to the U.S. House of Representa-tives. While we didn’t serve together long enough, it was truly an honor to work with him. I saw how much Mark loved his community by how tirelessly he worked every day—particularly as he advocated for the Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander communities. Thank you, Mark, for your service. You will be missed. Mahalo. 
f 
10TH ANNUAL LEIMERT PARK VILLAGE BOOK FAIR 
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to con-gratulate an important institution in Los Ange-les, which this year celebrates its tenth anni-versary: the Leimert Park Village Book Fair. Now making its home at the Baldwin Hills Crenshaw Plaza in the heart of my district, the fair expects to bring together thousands of book lovers, families, and fans with both well- known and emerging authors to celebrate the written word. I congratulate Cynthia Exum, founder and executive producer, who conceived of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.050 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1189 September 6, 2016 
event to honor her grandmother, who she credits with nurturing her own love of reading. I also congratulate the sponsors who make this event possible, including my long-time col-league, L.A. County Supervisor Mark Ridley- Thomas; the City of Los Angeles and its De-partment of Cultural Affairs; and Capri Capital Partners of the Baldwin Hills Crenshaw Plaza. Event board members and honorary chair-persons Dr. Bernard and Mrs. Shirley Kinsey have worked to take the book fair to new heights with their leadership and resources. I would also like to honor all of the volun-teers who spend hours preparing the panels, booths, presentations, awards, and more, and who keep everything running smoothly. With-out them it would not be possible to sustain this event for ten years and beyond. I would further like to thank the authors, playwrights, screenwriters, journalists, performers and oth-ers who provide the substance of the event and make it a thrill to attend each year. For a decade now, the Leimert Park Village Book Fair has brought attendees together from all over the city to enjoy one of the his-toric cultural cores of the African American community in L.A., and to find inspiration to read, write, listen, and learn. I wish them many more decades of success. 
f 
HONORING JOHN DAHL 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the former Mayor of Eagle Nest, New Mexico and my dear friend, John Dahl. John represented the best of our great State of New Mexico: he was a loving father, grandfather and great- grandfather, a loyal friend to many, a brilliant, hard-working and talented United States Army officer, businessman, and public servant. John was born in Okmulgee, Oklahoma on July 30, 1933, to John and Ellen Dahl. While at Okmulgee High School, he won the Ama-teur Athletic Union Junior Olympic Track Title and earned a five-year athletic scholarship to the University of Oklahoma. As an under-graduate, he helped the track team become one of the elite teams in the country. In his freshman year John enrolled in the Reserve Officers Training Corps program, and in 1957 he graduated as the most distinguished mili-tary graduate out of a ROTC class of 200. After college, John served for 22 years in the military and received over a dozen med-als. In 1972, while a lieutenant colonel, the pentagon handpicked John to oversee a noto-rious Vietnamese prisoner of war camp lo-cated on the island of Phu Quoc. The camp held 33,000 POW’s and was infamous for human rights abuses. John was tasked to end these inhumane practices and ensure the proper treatment of the POW’s. His improve-ment of the camp’s conditions and practices was instrumental in the passage of the Paris Peace Treaty and saved countless human lives. For his accomplishment he was awarded the prestigious Legion of Merits decoration. John married his wife Kay in 1978, and after retiring from the army he moved to Eagle Nest, New Mexico. There, he built multiple local businesses and garnered a reputation as one of the best sole proprietors in the region. In 1990, the Governor of Oklahoma asked John to serve as the state’s Director of Civil Emergency Management. Just as in Vietnam, John demonstrated a deep respect for human life by improving and distributing new disaster plans to all 77 Oklahoma counties. By ensur-ing the implementation of the disaster plan and visiting each county personally, John and his team managed to avoid tornado fatalities that year. After returning to Eagle Nest, John lost his eyesight after years of exposure to Agent Or-ange while serving in Vietnam. However, his determination never faltered and he was elect-ed twice as the town’s mayor. I met John dur-ing his tenure as mayor, and I had the privi-lege to work with him when I was Secretary of Aging and Long Term Services. John was a determined advocate for improving health care access and quality of care in his community and across our state. On May 14, 2016 John Dahl passed away at the age of 83. Surviving him is his wife Kay, two sons, daughter, six grandchildren, and five great-grandchildren. John was a true friend and inspiring col-league who contributed to the betterment of our community, country, and world. His mem-ory and legacy is a blessing to us all. f 
TRIBUTE TO DAWN MARTINEZ OROPEZA 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and recognize al Exito Executive Director Dawn Martinez Oropeza for being named a 2016 Women of Influence hon-oree by the award-winning central Iowa publi-cation, Business Record. For 17 years, the Business Record has un-dertaken an exhaustive annual review to iden-tify a standout group of women who have made a significant difference in business, civic and philanthropic endeavors throughout the Greater Des Moines Area. Ms. Martinez Oropeza has devoted her life to confronting challenges which many others might avoid. She has spent countless hours on various boards while blazing a trail for others to follow. She was selected for the chosen field of ex-pertise, the lasting impact on the community, involvement with civic or non-profit organiza-tions and being seen as a role model because of her lofty achievements and high ethical standards. Dawn Martinez Oropeza has the determina-tion and drive to be successful in anything she does, and her exemplary work with her leader-ship for Latinas/Latinos al Exito, a non-profit organization which recruits students who need supportive relationships and programming to motivate them to succeed in high school and college. In all aspects of her life, Dawn Mar-tinez Oropeza is an example of hard work and service who makes Iowans proud. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Dawn Martinez Oropeza in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for uti-lizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my col-leagues in the House to join me in congratu-lating Dawn Martinez Oropeza on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing Ms. Martinez Oropeza a long and suc-cessful career. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PATRICK HENRY COLLEGE’S WORLD HUMAN RIGHTS MOOT COURT TITLE 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-knowledge two students of Purcellville’s Pat-rick Henry College for their incredible deter-mination in winning the Nelson Mandela World Human Rights Moot Court Competition. Al-ready owning nine of the past twelve Amer-ican Moot Court Association National Cham-pionships, the students of Patrick Henry Col-lege were pitted against some of the world’s best debaters this year in Geneva, Switzer-land. William Bock and Helaina Hirsch, both rising juniors at Patrick Henry College, competed against some of the best law students in the world to capture this prestigious title. Coached by Patrick Henry College Chancellor Michael Farris, William and Helaina beat a team of law students from Moi University in Kenya in the final round to be crowned world champions. To top off their incredible journey, William and Helaina were awarded the first and second place Oralist Honors at the Nelson Mandela World Human Rights Moot Court Competition. Education is the cornerstone of American in-novation and these students are championing their generation towards greater success. It is my hope that additional students will follow the standard of academic excellence set by Wil-liam and Helaina. I encourage other students throughout our great Commonwealth to follow their example and strive to make a difference both at home and abroad. Mr. Speaker, I would ask my colleagues to join me in applauding William Bock and Helaina Hirsch at Patrick Henry College for their incredible journey. I commend them on their accomplishments, and wish them all con-tinued success in the future. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL K. WOO UPON THE TWENTY–FIFTH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE HOLLYWOOD FARMERS’ MARKET 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Michael K. Woo and to recognize his co-founding of the Hollywood Farmers’ Market in Los Angeles, California, which is celebrating its twenty-fifth anniversary. Born in 1951, Michael grew up with his four siblings in Monterey Park, California. His par-ents, Wilbur and Beth Woo, and his grand-father, David Kitman Woo, ran a produce busi-ness in Los Angeles until the 1960’s, when his father joined Cathay Bank, the first Chinese- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.055 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1190 September 6, 2016 
American bank in the Southern California area. While in high school, Michael attended a program for gifted students at California State University, Los Angeles, and then went on to receive his BA in Politics and Urban Studies from the University of California, Santa Cruz, and his Master of City Planning degree from the University of California, Berkeley. A leader in the Los Angeles area, Michael was a Los Angeles City Planning Commis-sioner and served on the Los Angeles City Council for eight years, becoming the first Asian American elected to the council. During his tenure on the city council, where he rep-resented the Hollywood area, he was in the forefront of the Hollywood Redevelopment Plan, made decisions on numerous develop-ment proposals and neighborhood debates, and was a leader in the movement for a lead-ership change in the Los Angeles Police De-partment in the early 1990’s. Since his parents and grandfather ran a produce business for many years, it is not sur-prising that one of Mr. Woo’s major accom-plishments while he served on the council was the co-founding of the Hollywood Farmers’ Market twenty-five years ago. Various con-stituencies had worked together to improve the quality of neighborhood life for Hollywood residents and business owners, and out of those efforts, then-City Councilmember Woo proposed the idea of a farmers’ market. The objectives were to create a secure, weekly community event, a sales venue for small local farmers, artisans, and food purveyors, and to benefit local neighborhood businesses; and in May of 1991, the Hollywood Farmers’ Market opened and was an immediate suc-cess. Now in its twenty-fifth year, the market offers not only food products, but also live music, activities for children, and renowned authors’ book-signings, and is a lively, fun community meeting place. The Hollywood Farmers’ Market is under the umbrella of the Sustainable Economic Enterprises of Los An-geles, better known as SEE–LA, which also produces other Certified Farmers’ Markets, fo-cusing on supplying fresh food to low-income neighborhoods. Along with chairing the Board of SEE–LA, Mr. Woo is Dean of Environmental Design at California State Polytechnic University, Po-mona. I ask all Members to join me in recognizing Michael K. Woo, an invaluable asset to the greater Los Angeles community, and add our congratulations to the Hollywood Farmers’ Market upon its twenty-fifth anniversary. 
f 
HONORING MS. SUZANNE MORGAN 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Suzanne Morgan, who is being honored today by the Napa County Of-fice of Education as a 2017 Napa County Teacher of the Year. A native of Napa, California, Ms. Morgan al-ways knew she wanted to be a teacher. She completed her Bachelor of Arts in Liberal Studies at Chico State University before be-ginning her career in teaching, throughout which she has always looked for opportunities to work with children living in poverty. Ms. Morgan has spent three decades teach-ing elementary school students, and currently teaches 4th grade at Shearer Elementary School in Napa, California. Her teaching style encourages students to build relationships and creates a sense of community in her class-room. Ms. Morgan spends time with each of her students, listening to their concerns and making sure they know that someone believes in their potential. In addition to her work in the classroom, Ms. Morgan is the President of Days for Girls, a relief organization that supports education for girls in developing countries. She brings her passion for supporting learning abroad to her own classroom by organizing fundraisers with her students for school uniforms for students abroad. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Morgan has dedicated three decades of her teaching career to edu-cating and empowering young children, and her kindness and enthusiasm have had a tre-mendous impact in many students’ lives. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor her here today. f 
THE INTRODUCTION OF THE DIS-PLAYING THE FLAG IN HONOR OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MAY-ORS ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the Displaying the Flag in Honor of Dis-trict of Columbia Mayors Act, a bill that would make a small—but significant to the nearly 700,000 residents of D.C.—change to federal law by adding the Mayor of the District of Co-lumbia to the list of principals for whom the president can order the flags be flown at half- staff. Current law states that the president shall make this order ‘‘upon the death of prin-cipal figures of the United States Government and the Governor of a State, territory, or pos-session, as a mark of respect to their mem-ory.’’ Surely the death of a current or former D.C. mayor should qualify as a principal. My bill would add D.C. mayors, who have many of the same responsibilities as state and territory governors, to the current list of officials. Congress already understands that the Dis-trict of Columbia deserves a place among the states for certain honors, and this minor addi-tion is not as great as others Congress has al-ready recognized. We have already won con-gressional recognition of the District of Colum-bia in situations where the city was overlooked while honoring the states. For example, our legislation ensured that the District of Colum-bia War Memorial honored only District resi-dents who served in World War I and that D.C.’s Frederick Douglass statue sits in the Capitol alongside statues from the 50 states. I also successfully worked with the U.S. Postal Service to create a D.C. stamp, like the stamps for the 50 states, and worked with the National Park Service to add the D.C. flag alongside the state flags across from Union Station. Legislation was also enacted to give D.C. a coin after it was omitted from legislation cre-ating coins for the 50 states. Additionally, the flag of the District is displayed among the flags of the fifty states in the tunnel connecting the House office buildings to the Capitol, and legislation was needed to require the armed services to display the District flag whenever the flags of the states are displayed. My bill to add the mayor to the list of principals is a con-tinuation of my efforts to ensure that the Dis-trict of Columbia receives fair treatment, even when we have no vote on the House floor and no representation in the Senate. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF VICENTE D. ‘‘BEN’’ ADA 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of the late Guam Senator and businessman, Vicente D. ‘‘Ben’’ Ada. Ben Ada was a proud son of Guam, faithful public servant and successful busi-nessman. Ben was born on January 24, 1932 and passed away on Sunday, August 28, 2016 at the age of 84. Ben was the son of the late Vicente Cepeda Ada and Dolores de LeonGuerrero Diaz Ada and married to the late Teresita Gutierrez Borja Ada for 57 years. He was a member of our island’s greatest generation and served in the U.S. Air Force as a B52 Bomber mechanic 1957 until 1964. Ben was also a Veteran of the Korean War Era. After serving in the Air Force, Ben became the General Manager of the Pioneer Shop and was an Insurance Un-derwriter from 1964 until 1967. In 1966, Ben and his wife Teresita opened Ada’s Insurance and also became the distributor of Daihatsu vehicles in Guam. In 1971, Ben was elected as a senator to the Guam Legislature. He served the people for Guam faithfully for four terms in the 11th, 12th, 13th and 14th Guam Legislatures. Ben was dedicated to improving our island commu-nity for all by expanding infrastructure cov-erage and providing funding for resources throughout Guam’s villages. In 1972, Ben opened a family business, Pa-cific Funeral Home which became Ada’s Fu-neral Home in 1992. The family business has served the people of Guam for 45 years. Ben and Ada’s Funeral Home was awarded the 2011 U.S. Small Business Administration’s Jeffrey Butland Family-Owned Small Business Award. In addition to his life in business and public service, Ben also found time to volunteer in the community. He served as the Scout Mas-ter for Boy Scouts of America Troop 17 during which he composed the official Troop 17 song, ‘‘We are the Boys of 17.’’ He was a member of the Knights of Columbus, Pale San Vitores Council 05666. Ben was also a generous ben-efactor of many religious orders, such as the Carmelite Monastery of Guam and the St. Fideles Capuchin Friary. Ben gave his time and talents freely to many causes. He played an instrumental role in preparing for the his-toric visit of Pope Jon Paul the II to Guam in 1981. I will always remember Ben for helping countless families on Guam as a public serv-ant in the Guam Legislature and as the owner of Ada’s Funeral Home. His work ethic was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06SE8.017 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1191 September 6, 2016 
unparalleled and evident in the day-to-day op-eration of the family business. Throughout the years Ben’s compassion and generosity has assisted countless families during their most difficult times. In particular, I knew Ben to be a man deeply devoted to his faith and to the care of his family. I extend my sincere condo-lences to the entire Ada family on their loss. I am deeply saddened by the passing of Vicente D. ‘‘Ben’’ Ada, and I join the people of Guam in celebrating his life, and recognizing and remembering his dedicated service to Guam. My thoughts and prayers are with his family, loved ones and friends. I extend my condolences to his children Vincent Ada, Anita and Frank Okazaki, Bennett Ada, Pete Ada, Rick and Meren Ada, Tony and Annette Ada, Therese and Danny Ybarra, Carmen Gaskins and Lourdes Ada, his 36 grandchildren and 59 great-grandchildren. He will be missed, and his memory will live on in the hearts of the people of Guam. 
f 
HONORING NORMAN BRODY, CANTOR OF TEMPLE BETH EL 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Norman Brody, who is the cantor of Temple Beth El in West Palm Beach, Florida. He has served this congregation since 1986 and is one of Palm Beach County’s most fa-mous and popular cantors. Cantor Brody was educated at the B’Nai Zion and College of Jewish Studies in Chicago, Illinois. He later at-tended the University of Michigan, where he received both his Bachelor’s and Master’s de-grees. Cantor Brody sang with the Chicago Lyric Opera and the New York Opera Company, ap-pearing with another famous tenor, Placido Domingo. He was also the featured soloist and musical arranger for the Winged Victory Singers and, from 1965 to 1980, he appeared in top hotels and on concert stages, as well as on radio and television. Before coming to Temple Beth El, he was the cantor at Temple Emanuel in Andover, Massachusetts, Temple Emeth in Brookline, Massachusetts and at Beth Israel Mikra Kodesh in Baltimore, Maryland. Besides hav-ing an award winning voice, Norman Brody has received the City of Peace Award and the Community Achievement Award from Amer-ican ORT. His annual concert is a highlight of every year, regularly drawing huge crowds to hear ‘‘the man with the golden voice’’ perform reli-gious music, show tunes and popular stand-ards. An accomplished pianist, he accom-panies himself at Sabbath services to the de-light of congregants, who have remarked that it’s always a special occasion when they hear him sing. Cantor Brody also devotes time to con-ducting Temple Beth El’s Youth and Adult Choirs and is a dedicated and committed member of our community. He is active in many organizations, including B’Nai B’rith, the Palm Beach County Clergy Cantor’s Associa-tion and Ambassadors Society of Trustees of Israel Bonds. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to honor this fine man, who is not only a tremendous treasure for Temple Beth El, but an enormous credit to his community and our nation. f 
CONGRATULATING THE GREATER HELOTES LITTLE LEAGUE SOFT-BALL TEAM 
HON. JOAQUIN CASTRO 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Greater Helotes Lit-tle League softball team for their outstanding accomplishment of winning the 2016 Little League Softball World Series. With grit and skill, these fourteen young women became champions and made our city, San Antonio, proud. This is a special group—all of the teammates have been playing together since they were seven or eight years old. They un-derstand how to help one another shine and rally for victory. Those strong bonds were in-strumental in their streak of decisive wins to seize the world title: 19–4, 10–0, 4–1, 11–1, 10–0, 6–0, and 5–1. I applaud the Greater Helotes Little League team for their exciting achievement and for the example they’ve set for girls who love sports everywhere. I hope the lessons of teamwork, leadership, and sportsmanship that they’ve learned during this experience serve them well throughout their lives. 
f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF THE LIFE OF ROSLYN GROSSMAN MORRIS 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of my friend, my constituent and an extraordinary woman, Roslyn (Roz) Gross-man Morris, who died in Palo Alto, California, at the age of eighty-nine. Roz was born on April 15, 1927, in Oakland, California, and was one of two children of Bertha and Harry Grossman. She and her brother grew up in Napa where she attended high school, and then attended U.C. Berkeley. After meeting on a blind date, Roz and Merv Morris married in 1950. They welcomed three sons and a daughter into their family and Roz supported Merv as he built his successful re-tail business. She was active with the Penin-sula Volunteers and a great supporter of the arts. She was a baseball fan, a Cal fan, and an elegant entertainer. She loved to travel, kept up with current events and attended the opera and the symphony. Most of all, she adored her family. Roz leaves her loving hus-band of sixty-six years, Mervin, and her four sons and daughters-in-law, as well as her fourteen beloved grandchildren, five great grandchildren and her brother, Arnold Gross-man. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Rep-resentatives to join me in extending our most sincere condolences to the entire Morris fam-ily. Roz Morris left an indelible mark on our community and she left our community and our country stronger and better. I think she was a national treasure. RECOGNIZING MAJOR GENERAL KEVIN O’CONNELL HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Major General Kevin O’Connell as he retires in August after 34 years in service to the United States Army. A native of Clinton, Maryland, Major General O’Connell first joined the ROTC as a Quarter-master Corps Officer in 1982. Since then, he has risen through the ranks, proving himself a dedicated, honorable, and capable leader. As Commanding General of the United States Army Sustainment Command (ASC), he has helped to sustain Army and Joint Forces in support of Combatant Commands across the world. As the Senior Commander of the United States Army Garrison in Rock Island, he leads not only one of our nation’s greatest military installations, but also one our region’s largest employers. Major General O’Connell’s commitment to the armed services is evident not only through his daily work, but also demonstrated by his numerous decorations throughout the years, including the Army Distinguished Service Medal, Defense Superior Service Medal, Le-gion of Merit with two Oak Leaf Clusters, Bronze Star Medal, Defense Meritorious Serv-ice Medal, Meritorious Service Medal with three Oak Leaf Clusters, Army Commendation Medal with four Oak Leaf Clusters, Army Achievement Medal, as well as numerous unit awards, campaign medals, and service med-als. He has also been presented with the Noble Patron of Armor, Order of Saint Mi-chael, Somervell Award, Order of Saint Martin, and the Order of Samuel Sharpe for his con-tributions to the Armored and Cavalry forces, Army Aviation, Logistics Corps, Quartermaster Corps, and the Ordnance Corps respectively. I am proud to recognize Major General O’Connell not only as a hero, but as a friend. I wish him the best in his well-earned retire-ment, and thank him for his service. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE GREATER M
CLEAN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-knowledge the Greater McLean Chamber of Commerce which celebrated its 55th anniver-sary on August 30th. The Chamber had been incorporated in 1961 as the McLean Business & Professional Association. Besides promoting camaraderie among area business owners, principal community achievements of its first thirty years included working with the McLean Citizens Association and others to found the McLean Community Center; financing the planting of trees in the business district and along Virginia Route 123 from Arlington to Tyson’s Corner; and playing a major role in the development of the first land-use plan for central McLean’s business district. Reincorporated in 1994 as a chamber of commerce, the Greater McLean Chamber has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.061 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1192 September 6, 2016 
since that time broadened its services to its membership and its assistance to the Greater McLean community. In 1997, the Chamber worked with Fairfax County and local non-prof-its to found the McLean Visitor Center, which is still in operation providing information about area attractions and the work of community or-ganizations. In 1999, it installed gateway sign-age around the McLean area and in the busi-ness district to promote a sense of place and community. More recently, the Chamber pro-vided input into the development of the new Tysons comprehensive plan, while maintaining a voice for responsible development in the McLean Community Business Center via the McLean Planning Committee and the McLean Revitalization Corporation. Over the past decade, the Chamber has been perennially ranked as a Top 20 Chamber of Commerce in metropolitan Washington by the Washington Business Journal, and is the second-largest community-based chamber in Northern Virginia. In 2011, it received the Fair-fax County Office of Public Private Partner-ships’ Chamber of Commerce Community Connector Award, in recognition of its level of service and leadership in promoting its com-munity. The Chamber has successfully nurtured a community of business and civic leaders in the Greater McLean community, including the McLean, Tysons, Great Falls and Chesterbrook business areas. Through net-working events, education series, conferences and community awards programs, the Cham-ber promotes the economic and civic well- being of this important part of Fairfax County, Virginia while standing for high ethical stand-ards in the conduct of business. Mr. Speaker, this is an organization which helps the citizens and businesses of Greater McLean to thrive. I would ask my fellow Con-gressmen and women to join me in congratu-lating the Greater McLean Chamber of Com-merce and wishing it a happy 55th anniver-sary. I wish this institution continued success in the future. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DIANE GLASS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and recognize Diane Glass, author and founder of Pine Spirit, LLC for being named a 2016 Women of Influence honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. For 17 years, the Business Record has un-dertaken an exhaustive annual review to iden-tify a standout group of women who have made a significant difference in business, civic and philanthropic endeavors throughout the Greater Des Moines Area. Ms. Glass has de-voted her life to doing confronting challenges which many others might avoid. She has spent countless hours on various boards while blazing a trail for others to follow. She was se-lected for the chosen field of expertise, the lasting impact on the community, involvement with civic or non-profit organization and being seen as a role model because of her lofty achievements and high ethical standards. Diane Glass has the determination and drive to be successful in anything she does, and her exemplary work with a diverse career which spans teaching, politics, corporate America, radio talk show hosting, writing and retreat facilitation. Ms. Glass’ most recent pub-lication, This Need to Dance: A Life of Rhythm and Resilience, is her courageous story in the face of her struggle with spina bifida. In all as-pects of her life Diane Glass is an example of hard work and service who makes Iowans proud. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Diane Glass in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Diane Glass on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing Ms. Glass a long and successful career. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF WOODY TRAUTMAN OF TOLEDO, OHIO 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Mr. DeForest L. ‘‘Woody’’ Trautman, of Toledo, Ohio. Woody passed from this life on Thursday, August 19, 2016 at the age of 96. He was an amazing sage and a very com-munity minded man. He was a man of peace. Woody Trautman was born to Charlotte and DeForest L. Trautman in Panama on June 14, 1920 while his father was stationed there in the U.S. Navy. Later the family moved to Drexel Hill in Pennsylvania. Woody went on to receive his undergraduate and graduate de-grees in engineering from Carnegie Institute of Technology, now Carnegie Mellon University, in Pittsburgh and his PhD from Stanford Uni-versity. He married his first wife Retta and to-gether they raised 3 children until her passing in 1998. Woody’s engineering talents were sought by many both in the United States and worldwide. He taught at Carnegie, UCLA and the Univer-sity of New York at Stony Brook. Through the Ford Foundation he developed graduate schools of engineering in the U.S. He worked for Hughes Aircraft. He worked at the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development in Paris, France. Later the family moved to Chile for five years while Woody helped organize a graduate school of engi-neering at the University of Concepcion through UNESCO. Settling in at the University of Toledo, Woody was a former president of the Technical Society of Toledo and was named Engineer of the Year in 1978. Once retired, Woody pursued his passions with vigor. He was a grief counselor for Hos-pice of Northwest Ohio for many years. He was part of the Interracial Religious Coalition and helped organize workshops on world reli-gion. Together with his wife Judy, who he married in 2003, he co-founded the MultiFaith Council of NW Ohio ‘‘to facilitate educational and fellowship activities to promote shared community service across many faith perspec-tives.’’ According to the history, ‘‘When the council began, he said ‘all faiths and none.’ ’’ With more than 500 members representing many faiths, the Multi-Faith Council is among the jewels in the crown that is Woody Tautman’s legacy. In December 2014, Tole-do’s charter as a ‘‘Community of Compas-sion,’’ was signed after a four year effort by Woody and Judy Trautman and part of an international movement. He once noted, ‘‘I’m honored and humbled at this opportunity to be able to represent the effort to get together all kinds of people in the same room and to share and to find out first-hand we are all the same human race.’’ Woody, ‘‘with his chest-length white beard, was a familiar figure in the audience of events that promoted understanding, even if orga-nized by another group.’’ His wife Judy ex-plained, ‘‘It became his trademark. People would not recognize him anymore without his beard.’’ Judy Trautman commented that Woody ‘‘was persistent and intensely gregarious. Peo-ple used to say of him that he would just keep asking until they stopped saying no. It was hard to say no to Woody.’’ Pastor Ed Heilman of Park Congregational United Church of Christ summed up Woody best when he said, ‘‘He was looking to do good in a practical, pragmatic way. His own questioning mind and his engineering mind was, ‘Something is going on in the world that needs to be fixed, let’s do something about it,’ ’’ To Judy and the Trautman children Patricia, Edwin and Craig, grandchildren and great- grandchildren, we extend our deepest sym-pathy to each of you on the passing of this ex-traordinary man. Called home, he most cer-tainly was met with the embrace ‘‘Well done, my good and faithful servant.’’ 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTH-DAY OF GUADALUPE DUARTE GONZA´LEZ 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to salute Guadalupe Duarte Gonza´lez, a be-loved Angelena who turns 100 years old on September 15th. Lupe, as she is known, has lived in the Boyle Heights neighborhood of Los Angeles since 1958. She is blessed with a sharp mind and good health, and I speak for her family and friends in expressing the hope that she will continue to grace Boyle Heights with her wisdom, energy, and cheer for many years to come. Lupe was born Guadalupe Duarte on Sep-tember 15, 1916, in the coal mining town of Morenci, Arizona. When she was five, she moved with her parents, Marı´a Esparza Duarte and Ausencio Duarte, to their hometown of Villa Hidalgo, Mexico. At age nine, she moved again, this time to Aguascalientes, Mexico, with her mother, Aunt Fe´liz, and younger sib-lings Panchito and Isabel, while her father worked in the United States. As Lupe grew up, she helped raise her siblings, and supported her family through sewing and factory work. Lupe married Juan Salazar Gonza´lez when she was 21, and gave birth to Jose Luis, Re-becca, Juan Jr., and Imelda. Juan had his own business as a carpenter and cabinet maker. When he had every tool stolen from his shop in a robbery, the Gonza´lez family 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.066 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1193 September 6, 2016 
moved to the United States, the land of Lupe’s birth. After Lupe and Juan both worked at var-ious jobs for a few years, Juan finally secured a permanent position as a cabinet maker. By 1954, their family had grown to eight, with the births of Alicia Marı´a and Ricardo. Through struggles and sacrifices, Lupe and Juan saw to it that their children could attend private Catholic school. After her children grew up, Lupe served the Boyle Heights community as president of the Saint Isabel Church Senior Citizens Club. In 2004, she lost her beloved 95-year-old hus-band, Juan, after more than 66 years of mar-riage. Today, Lupe is the proud mother of six, grandmother of eight, great-grandmother of eleven, and great-great-grandmother of six. When not tending to her family, she is also a voracious reader of history, art books, and novels. Lupe’s indomitable spirit, quick wit, and love of life are an inspiration to all who know her. I hope my colleagues will join me in congratu-lating Guadalupe Duarte Gonza´lez on her first 100 years of a life well lived. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EDITH SCHEIDEMANTEL PICKERING 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the remarkable 100th birthday of Edith Scheidemantel Pickering. Edith was born to Charles and Agnes Scheidemantel on August 15, 1916 in Lennox, MO. Edith attended and graduated Black Oak School in Lennox and was baptized on Octo-ber 17, 1947 at the First Baptist Church in Salem. She was married to Raymond Pick-ering with whom she shares three beloved children, Barbara, Martha and Sam. She also has five grandchildren, Anita, David, Melissa, Dan and Mark. Edith has achieved a great milestone in her life by celebrating her 100th birthday. She is a woman of character and is greatly beloved to all who know her. She has displayed great love for her church and her family throughout her long life. She has been an extremely ben-eficial member to our society and with that it is my pleasure to recognize Edith before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MR. TIM RAY 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Tim Ray on his graduation from the National Fire Academy’s Executive Fire Officer Program and to thank him for his many years of service to the City of Kingsburg, California. Mr. Ray was born in Madera, California and at the age of three his family relocated to Kingsburg, California where his father worked at what was then the Kingsburg Volunteer Fire Department. After his graduation from Kingsburg High School, Mr. Ray went on to receive his Bachelors of Science in Building Construction from John Brown University in Siloam Springs, Arizona. In 1986, Mr. Ray moved back to Kingsburg and, like his father, joined the Kingsburg Fire Department as a Volunteer Firefighter. During this time, Mr. Ray also served the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (CDF) through the Tulare County Fire Depart-ment. Mr. Ray’s dedication to emergency serv-ices did not stop there as he also served as a paramedic for the Sequoia Safety Council and the Mobile Life Support Ambulance in Visalia, California. As further testament to his work ethic and strength of character, in 2011, Mr. Ray was promoted to Fire Chief of the City of Kingsburg, making him one of only two out of the eighteen fire chiefs in the history of Kingsburg to have gone from a Volunteer Fire-fighter to Fire Chief. Mr. Tim Ray will have served the Kingsburg Fire Department and the community with dedication for thirty years on August 1, 2016. Coinciding with his thirty year work anniver-sary, Mr. Ray also celebrated another incred-ible achievement of his career. On August 5, 2016, Mr. Ray graduated from the National Fire Academy’s Executive Fire Officer Pro-gram, proving that the Fire Chief of a small town like Kingsburg is equal to those of the largest metropolitan areas in the United States. Today, Mr. Ray resides in Kings County, California with his wife of twenty-seven years, Penny. Together they have two children, Kyle and Kaiti. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join with me in recognizing Mr. Tim Ray for his many accom-plishments and to thank him for his thirty years of faithful service to the City of Kingsburg. The Central Valley is better off as a result of his dedication, strength of will, and commitment to emergency services. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 150TH AN-NIVERSARY OF SACRAMENTO CHILDREN’S HOME 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 150th anniversary of the Sac-ramento Children’s Home. As the staff, volun-teers, and community supporters gather to cel-ebrate this momentous occasion and the beautiful renovations on their historic home, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing this outstanding organization. I know firsthand the incredible impact the Children’s Home has on our community. I have long been a supporter of the Sacramento Children’s Home and I formerly served as a member of their board. I will continue to offer my support in any way that I can because I believe in their mission to serve our commu-nity’s most vulnerable families. By supporting both children and parents, to create happier, more stable families, the Sacramento Chil-dren’s Home is making an invaluable invest-ment in our community. Founded on February 14, 1867, the Sac-ramento Children’s Home began as an or-phanage for abandoned children during the time of the Gold Rush. Since then, the Sac-ramento Children’s Home has continued to serve the most urgent needs of children with unwavering dedication. Today, the Sac-ramento Children’s Home provides a variety of services to children and families, including counseling, emergency childcare, and pro-grams promoting healthy parenting. These wraparound programs and resources, many of which are provided at no cost to the family, fight and protect against child abuse and ne-glect in our community. Mr. Speaker, as the Sacramento Children’s Home gathers to celebrate their renovated home on their 150th anniversary, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring 150 years of service to Sacramento’s children and families. f 
TRIBUTE TO STUART & ASSOCIATES 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Stuart & Associates, of Council Bluffs, Iowa, for being recognized with the 2016 Council Bluffs Chamber of Commerce Entrepreneur of the Year award at this year’s Chamber of Com-merce centennial celebration. Stuart & Associates, based out of Council Bluffs and Omaha, is a real estate brokerage firm that serves customers in Iowa and Ne-braska. Their innovative approach to selling property is what led them to receiving this prestigious award. The team at Stuart & Asso-ciates has worked tirelessly to build a reputa-tion of hard work, honesty, and integrity, mak-ing this award well-deserved. They have dis-played a dedication to their community that is second to none, helping them become one of the top real estate firms in the Council Bluffs area. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Stu-art & Associates in the United States Con-gress and it is with great pride that I recognize them today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them all on receiving this award and wishing each of them nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE OLD STONE CHURCH FOUNDATION AND ITS UNITED METHODIST CHURCH AFFILATES 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-knowledge the Old Stone Church Foundation and its United Methodist Church Affiliates which will soon be celebrating the 250th anni-versary of the first Methodist land acquisition in the Western Hemisphere. Upon this land the original Old Stone Church was constructed on the 11th of May 1766 when Nicholas Minor, the founder of Leesburg, deeded half an acre of land to Methodist Robert Hamilton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.069 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1194 September 6, 2016 
‘‘for no other use but for a church or meeting house, graveyard’’. By 1786, the Leesburg Methodist Society had been founded and began to host annual conferences whereby its members would meet from across the states. When the Methodists separated from the Anglican Church in 1784, they began the construction of the Old Stone Church as the first new house of worship, and the only church within Leesburg. This site then later served as the host of the very first Vir-ginia Annual Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, which was the precursor to the modem United Methodist Church. Though the Old Church was demolished in 1901, the Virginia Conference of the United Methodist Church purchased the land back in 1965 and preserved it as a historic site. Since then, this land has been recognized by the Virginia Landmarks register and the national register of Historic places. Mr. Speaker, this land and all that stands upon it marks an important part of U.S. History as the founding location of one of our nation’s largest religious institutions, and is therefore of great significance not only to Methodists and the people of Leesburg, but to our entire coun-try. I would ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the United Methodist Church Affili-ates for passing this impressive milestone. I hope they continue to preserve our nation’s history with the same passion for years to come. 
f 
SEPTEMBER AS INTERGENERATION MONTH 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize September as Intergeneration Month. This month reminds us that bringing various generations together creates two key elements to a successful society: under-standing and cooperation. Beginning with Grandparents Day, Inter-generation month reminds us to work together across generations and recognize the unique challenges and perspectives each individual generation brings. Some of these proceedings include opportunities to give gifts, send cards, or even scrapbook. Each event aims to stimu-late engaging conversations between our gen-erations in an effort to bridge generational di-vides. Interaction amongst generations makes us all better people and ultimately makes us a better society. I encourage all Americans to set aside time this month to embrace the rich diversity that Intergeneration Month can offer us. I would also like to extend my sincere con-gratulations to the Intergeneration Month orga-nization for its commitment to connecting peo-ple across generations, and look forward to celebrating Intergeneration Month this Sep-tember. IN HONOR OF ANDREA SKOREPA HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Andrea Skorepa for her leadership and her steadfast 45 years of service to the San Ysidro Community and the greater San Diego region. A San Ysidro native, Andrea Skorepa has dedicated her life to improving and empow-ering her hometown. Since 1980, she has been the CEO and President of the Board for Casa Familiar, a non-profit organization that offers social services, affordable housing, edu-cational programming, and cultural program-ming to the community of San Ysidro. Prior to this position, Ms. Skorepa worked as an edu-cator in the San Ysidro School District, where she organized the school district’s first teach-ers union. Ms. Skorepa has served as part of the lead-ership on the City of San Diego Mayor’s Latino Advisory Committee, the American Civil Liberties Union, the Chicano Executives Com-mittee, the American Institute of Architects Re-gional and Urban Design Assistance Team, the San Diego Repertory Theater and numer-ous other groups. She is the first person from San Ysidro to receive the prestigious Ohtli prize on behalf of the Mexican government, in recognition of her efforts to improve the US- Mexico border region. After 45 years of service, Ms. Skorepa will be retiring this fall. Her legacy is one of excep-tional leadership, tremendous vision, and un-wavering devotion to the San Ysidro commu-nity and the greater San Diego region. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE SOCIETY OF MOTION PICTURE & TELE-VISION ENGINEERS CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Society of Motion Picture & Tele-vision Engineers upon its 100th Anniversary. The Society of Motion Picture & Television En-gineers (SMPTE) is an association of profes-sionals who are dedicated to enhancing mov-ing-imagery engineering and education across the technology, communications, media, and entertainment industries. Today, SMPTE proudly represents more than 6,000 members worldwide, a number that has continued to grow since C. Francis Jenkins founded the so-ciety in 1916. By developing the first film pro-jector capable of showing a motion picture, Mr. Jenkins became one of the most out-standing innovators in the film industry, which led him to establish the Society of Motion Pic-ture & Television Engineers. SMPTE strives to serve its members through its Three Pillars: Membership, Stand-ards, and Education. Through Section meet-ings of smaller, local groups of its members, the society provides access and networking opportunities for media executives and stu-dents working within the same communities and across 64 different countries. Through the association’s collaboration with the Hollywood Professional Association, its membership is supplemented by the professional community of individuals and businesses who supply the support, infrastructure, knowledge, and tools for the creation and completion of television programs, digital media, motion pictures, com-mercials, and other media content. SMPTE engineers have devised more than 800 standards, practices, and technological tools that positively affect nearly every part of motion-imaging content by improving the craft, science, and art of both sound and image, ulti-mately producing the highest possible quality on display screens worldwide. As a result, SMPTE is recognized internationally, serving as the Secretariat for the International Stand-ards Organization’s (TSO) Technical Com-mittee on Cinematography, TC–36, and has been honored with both Oscar and Emmy awards and nominations. The society is also dedicated to passing on knowledge to a new generation of profes-sionals in the industry, and to this end, SMPTE has created webcasts, seminars, and virtual classrooms through which industry pro-fessionals give presentations and answer questions about emerging technologies. The association has also created a digital library and published a Motion Imaging Journal to in-form members about new innovations and breakthroughs. Most notably, SMPTE has brought visibility to the outstanding work of engineers who work behind the scenes and whose work too often goes unnoticed. By offering members a com-munity of like-minded professionals, the soci-ety has established an infrastructure and sup-port system for the dynamic industry that I am proud to represent in my Congressional Dis-trict. I hereby ask all Members of Congress to join me in congratulating the Society of Motion Picture & Television Engineers upon its Cen-tennial Anniversary. f 
THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ‘‘SHIPPING ACT OF 1916’’ 
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, this week marks the 100th anniversary of the ‘‘Shipping Act of 1916’’ becoming law, a measure that estab-lished the entity that has evolved into what ex-ists today as the Federal Maritime Commis-sion. The impetus for this legislation was a con-cern among policymakers about the state of the American maritime industry and more spe-cifically, how to deal with two key challenges: the paucity of shipping capacity and potential anti-competitive business practices by steam-ship lines. That latter point was of particular interest to Representative Joshua W. Alex-ander (D–MO), who was Chairman of the Committee on Merchant Marine and Fisheries from 1911 to 1919. In the Sixty-Third Con-gress, Mr. Alexander’s Committee published a Report on Steamship Agreements and Affili-ations in the American Foreign and Domestic Trade that found shipping companies did in-deed cooperate formally or informally, but con-cluded it was more beneficial to the shipping 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.074 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1195 September 6, 2016 
public for these lines and their cooperative agreements to be regulated than for the gov-ernment to attempt to end these business practices. In the following Congress, Mr. Alex-ander introduced the Shipping Act of 1916, which became law on September 7, 1916, when it was signed by President Woodrow Wilson. Congress achieved two key goals through this act: first, it created a merchant fleet capa-ble of meeting the defense and trade require-ments of the United States; and second, it regulated the industry to ensure competitive-ness and protect the interests of shippers and consumers. Both of these objectives were to be achieved through the work of the five-mem-ber United States Shipping Board created via the bill. This legislation was passed as armies in Europe battled each other from trenches and across no-man’s-land. It became the law at a time before the United States was a combat-ant in the First World War, and the intent of the act was not to prepare for conflict. Never-theless, this measure had the fortunate effect of taking the first steps toward remedying the serious issue of the lack of sufficient transport ships available to our military. Today, international trade is an integral and critical part of the American economy. More than one-third of our Nation’s Gross Domestic Product is tied to global commerce, and this figure is only predicted to become more sig-nificant in the coming years. Ocean transpor-tation of goods and commodities is the back-bone of our trading system, and the Federal Maritime Commission ensures that export and import shippers enjoy access to international maritime carriage services that are fair, reli-able, and efficient. Each of us, as consumers, benefits from the competitive marketplace the Commission works to maintain. Mr. Speaker, much like our predecessors who served in this very body 100 years ago, I want to guarantee the men and women of our armed services possess the resources they require to achieve their mission. As the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, it is frus-trating that, while history has repeatedly dem-onstrated the need for the United States to maintain a vibrant merchant fleet and to have the vessels required for the transportation of troops and materials, we do not always heed the lessons of the past. While we should fol-low the example of what Congress did in 1916 and find ways to reinvigorate the U.S. Mer-chant Fleet in the international trades, it is re-assuring to know that the Federal Maritime Commission monitors the global shipping mar-ket for predatory and anticompetitive practices. The work of the Commission is little known, but critical. 
f 
IN COMMEMORATING PRESIDENT JAMES MADISON’S CONN’S FERRY CROSSING 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the anniversary of President James Madison’s river crossing at Conn’s Ferry dur-ing the War of 1812. I would like to also thank the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, the Fairfax History Commission and the Fairfax County Park Authority Board on commemo-rating this historically significant event. This important milestone in American history was marked by the turmoil of British troops burning down many public buildings in Wash-ington D.C. including the White House and the Library of Congress. After American forces suffered a military loss at Bladensburg, Mary-land on August 24, 1814, a number of British soldiers occupied and set fire to our nation’s capital. Fortunately, President James Madison, his wife Dolley and Secretary of State James Monroe escaped through the Virginia country-side and found refuge in the small town of Brookeville, Maryland. Although the British oc-cupation of Washington D.C. only lasted 26 hours, the destruction inflicted left a strong im-pression upon Americans of that time and re-mains a moment of great historical impor-tance. I believe that we must seek to preserve American history and to remember the strug-gles of our once young fledgling nation. By preserving the area where our President es-caped from harm, we have built a strong re-minder for future generations demonstrating the cost of freedom and the sacrifices that were made to strengthen America’s founda-tion. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commemorating the anniversary of President James Madison’s river crossing at Conn’s Ferry, and thanking the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, the Fairfax History Commission and the Fairfax County Park Au-thority Board on their work to memorialize this day. f 
IN HONOR OF THE 128TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE SANCTUARY MIS-SIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize the 128th Anniversary of The Sanctuary Missionary Baptist Church in Montgomery, Alabama, ‘‘Historically Canaan Hill Missionary Baptist Church.’’ The church was founded in 1888 under the direction of Rev. R.D. Bibb. In 1988, Rev. Ossie T. Brown, Jr. became the church’s lead-er and still is today. This year’s church anni-versary theme is: ‘‘To Seek and to Save: 128 Years of Living the Great Commission.’’ The church will celebrate its anniversary at a program on Sunday, November 20, 2016. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the 128th Anniversary of The Sanctuary Mis-sionary Baptist Church. 
f 
COMMEMORATING OLYMPIC MEDALIST RYAN HELD 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Ryan Held on his gold medal finish in the 4x100 meter Freestyle Relay at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. As a student of Sacred Heart Griffin High School in Springfield, IL, Ryan spent his time after school in the pool where he quickly im-pressed his teammates and competitors alike. As a sophomore, Ryan placed second in the 50-yard Freestyle and first in the 100-yard Freestyle at the Illinois High School Associa-tion Swimming Championships in 2012. The following year, he won both of these events at the State level, and earned the title of Illinois State Swimmer of the Year in 2014. Ryan cur-rently attends North Carolina State University where he continues his collegiate swimming career. From a young age, Ryan has proudly rep-resented Springfield, devoting himself to both swimming and the community. Becoming an Eagle Scout at the age of 15, Ryan committed himself to being a tone of positive change in our community. For his Eagle Scout project, Ryan built a memorial in honor of a student who had passed away. Ryan embodies what it truly means to be an Eagle Scout, displaying exceptional leadership qualities, and putting others before himself. After improving tremendously each year in the pool, Ryan became the NCAA Champion in the 4x100-yard Freestyle Relay in 2016; however, he had a larger goal in mind—the Olympics. This year, Ryan became a member of the 4x100 meter Freestyle Relay Team that won the Gold medal at the 2016 Rio Olympic Games, swimming the third leg of the event along with teammates Caleb Dressel, Nathan Adrian, and Michael Phelps. His lifelong dedi-cation to swimming has paid off as he is now considered one of the best swimmers in the world. Ryan serves as a reminder to the people of our community that when we believe in our-selves and dedicate our time and effort to the goals that we set, we can achieve even the most daring outcomes. Ryan exemplifies what it means to be an Olympian and an American. Central Illinois, the State of Illinois, and our Country could not be any prouder. Again, con-gratulations, Ryan, on your successful career. f 
VOTING IS A RIGHT FOR AMERICANS, NOT A PRIVILEGE 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on Restoration Tuesday to acknowl-edge the recent Supreme Court decision on August 31, 2016 denying North Carolina’s re-quest to reinstate controversial voting laws which were implemented following the 2013 Shelby v. Holder case. The rejected North Carolina voting laws in-cluded strict voter ID laws and cutbacks to early voting from 17 days to 10 days as well as elimination of the preregistration option for 16-year-olds. The Supreme Court’s order upheld the North Carolina Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals decision which characterized the laws as targeting ‘‘African Americans with al-most surgical precision.’’ It is a somber celebration in this democratic society when voter disenfranchisement is de-nied. This is a battle that America should not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06SE8.019 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1196 September 6, 2016 
have to continue to fight. From the streets to the court rooms, the right to a voice—the right to a vote has been fought for. For this upcom-ing election, North Carolina will not have to be subject to new voting laws that would make voting harder, not easier for eligible voters. This is a great victory for voting rights—for de-mocracy and for the principles this country was built on. Many states however are not as fortunate as North Carolina. Since the 2013 Shelby v. Holder decision, over 22 states including my home state of Alabama, implemented new op-pressive voting laws affecting thousands of eli-gible Americans across the country. In 2013, the Supreme Court charged Congress with the responsibility of creating a modern formula for states and local governments to obtain federal preclearance before implementing changes to voting laws or practices. Last year, I introduced a bill, the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015, which ad-dresses the residual problems left behind by the Shelby v. Holder ruling. It has been 3 years since this Supreme Court ruling and over a full year since I introduced the Voting Rights Advancement Act. We, the Members of Congress cannot and should not continue to overburden the courts because we refuse to act. Political gridlock has no place in the vot-ing rights of our people, and especially in an election year. Former President Lyndon B. Johnson re-minded us all when he said ‘‘voting is the first duty of democracy.’’ I implore my colleagues to remember why we are here. We have a great work to do. We work for the American people and we are guided by the Constitution of the United States of America. I urge my col-leagues to support any and all advancements in voting rights—this is not an act of ‘‘good heart’’—this is our duty. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE RETIREMENT OF OXFORD MAYOR LEON SMITH 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize Mayor Leon Smith, who has served as Mayor of the City of Oxford Alabama since 1984. Leon Smith was born in Selmer, Tennessee on March 11, 1940. He was married to Delone Banks of Jasper, Alabama (deceased) and was blessed with four sons: Gary, John (de-ceased), Terry (deceased) and Danny (de-ceased). Mayor Smith was also a self-em-ployed businessman over the past 30 years. Mayor Smith was elected as Mayor of the City of Oxford in 1984. He is a member of the First Baptist Church of Oxford. He has served as Commissioner of Oxford Baseball for Youth, Past League President and Coach of Oxford Football for Youth, Past Exalted Ruler of Elks (four consecutive terms), a member of the Jacksonville State University Board of Di-rectors, a Board Member of the American As-sociation of Retirement Communities and a Member of the Masons and Shriners. Mayor Smith has served on the Alabama League of Municipalities, the National League of Cities, the East Alabama Regional Planning and Development Commission, the Cerebral Palsy Board of Directors, the Jacksonville State University Citizens Advisory Committee, the Juvenile Justice Coordinating Council, the Calhoun County Chamber of Commerce Mili-tary Affairs Committee and the Technical Re-view Committee for Anniston Army Depot. Mayor Smith has dedicated his life to being a public servant to the people of Oxford and Alabama. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Mayor Smith and wishing him well in his retire-ment. f 
TRIBUTE TO IZARD COUNTY AND THE CITY OF HORSESHOE BEND 
HON. ERIC A. ‘‘RICK’’ CRAWFORD 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to rise today to commemorate Izard County and the City of Horseshoe Bend as a Purple Heart County and a Purple Heart City. I am honored and humbled to represent so many veterans throughout the First Con-gressional District of Arkansas. Izard County is home to over 1,400 veterans and Horseshoe Bend is home to nine (9) Purple Heart recipi-ents. As a veteran of the United States Army, I have a great admiration and the utmost grati-tude for all the men and women who have selflessly served our Nation. The Purple Heart is our Nation’s oldest and one of the most recognized military medals. It was originally established by General George Washington on August 7, 1782, as the ‘‘Badge of Military Merit.’’ On February 22, 1932, the 200th anniversary of General Washington’s birthday, it was renamed the Purple Heart Medal by the Army War Department. The Pur-ple Heart may be awarded to members of the Armed Forces or to any civilian national of the United States who has been wounded, killed, or who has died or may die of wounds re-ceived while in combat against an enemy, while a member of a peacekeeping force, while a Prisoner of War, as a result of a ter-rorist attack, or as a result of a friendly fire in-cident in hostile territory. Since its inception, the Purple Heart has been awarded over an estimated 1.9 million times to those wounded or killed while serving our Nation. On September 12, 2016, a special duel ceremony will be held to establish Izard Coun-ty and the City of Horseshoe Bend as a Pur-ple Heart Community. The contributions and sacrifices of the men and women from the State of Arkansas, Izard County, and Horse-shoe Bend who served in the Armed Forces have been vital in protecting the freedoms every American enjoys today. Mr. Speaker, please join me once again in recognition of Izard County and the City of Horseshoe Bend as a Purple Heart County and a Purple Heart City. HONORING DALLAS POLICE CHIEF DAVID BROWN AND HIS RETIRE-MENT FROM THE DALLAS PO-LICE DEPARTMENT HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Dallas Police Chief David O’Neal Brown. Chief Brown has proudly served in the Dallas Police De-partment since 1983 and was appointed police chief in April 2010. After more than 33 years of service to the people and City of Dallas, Chief Brown has announced his plans to re-tire. Under Chief Brown’s leadership, the Dallas Police Department has become a shining ex-ample for our nation of what it means to be an effective, community-oriented police force. At a time when community relations between po-lice and the communities they serve remains tense, Chief Brown demonstrated that con-necting with the community and maintaining professionalism in the field can go a long way to keeping our communities safe without un-necessarily inflaming tensions. Chief Brown’s bravery and commitment to the great State of Texas was especially appar-ent during the tragic attack in Dallas this year, which has amounted to the deadliest incident for law enforcement in the United States since the September 11th attacks. The shooting claimed the lives of four Dallas Police officers and one DART officer, while injuring nine oth-ers. Instead of responding with violence or an impulsive reaction to the brutality that we wit-nessed that fateful night, Chief Brown dem-onstrated incredible professionalism by trying to recognize the root cause of the tension and to continue working to end the divisiveness between the citizens and law enforcement through alternative means. The Dallas Police Department is comprised of some of the most capable and professional law enforcement officers in the country. Chief Brown’s leadership within DPD has not gone unnoticed and I, along with the people of Dal-las, am incredibly grateful for his service. I wish Chief Brown tremendous success in his future endeavors and extend my most sincere appreciation for his service to the City of Dal-las and the State of Texas. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE LIFE OF JAMES G. PATTERSON 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize the life of James G. Patterson. August 22nd marks the birthday of Mr. Pat-terson who served his country in Korea until the conflict ended on July 27, 1953. Mr. Pat-terson returned to Alabama in the late 1950s and joined the Alabama National Guard. He served at the integration of the University of Alabama in June of 1963 and during the third Civil Rights march from Selma to Montgomery in 1965. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.080 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1197 September 6, 2016 
His Army and National Guard experience were important to him and he shared his ad-miration and respect for Korea, education, reli-gion and civil rights with his son, James E. Patterson, an Auburn University graduate, an Associate Member of the Korean War Vet-erans Association and a life member of the America Foreign Service Association. Mr. Patterson’s son honored his father, who passed away in 2003, by appearing as a re-porter in the 2015 film ‘‘Selma.’’ His son had his late father’s military photo in his pocket as his scenes were filmed in Atlanta the week of Father’s Day in 2014. James also wrote an ar-ticle in the April 2015 issue of the National Guard Magazine titled, ‘‘Proud of My Father.’’ On August 22, the Patterson family remem-bers and celebrates the life of James G. Pat-terson by volunteering at libraries, churches and schools. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO MONICA FRIEDMAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and recognize Nation-wide Mutual Insurance Company, Inc. Vice President of Human Resources Monica Fried-man for being named a 2016 Women of Influ-ence honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. For 17 years, the Business Record has un-dertaken an exhaustive annual review to iden-tify a standout group of women who have made a significant difference in business, civic and philanthropic endeavors throughout the Greater Des Moines Area. Ms. Friedman has devoted her life to doing so many challenges which many others might avoid. She has spent countless hours on various boards while blazing a trail for others to follow. She was se-lected for the chosen field of expertise, the lasting impact on the community, involvement with civic or nonprofit organization and being seen as a role model because of her lofty achievements and high ethical standards. Monica Friedman has the determination and drive to be successful in anything she does, and her exemplary work with Nationwide Mu-tual Insurance Company, Inc. is a testament to that. She is an integral component of one of America’s most successful companies, build-ing a long and illustrious career with Nation-wide Mutual Insurance Company, Inc. In all aspects of her life Monica Friedman is an ex-ample of hard work and service who makes Iowans proud. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Monica Friedman in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for uti-lizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my col-leagues in the House to join me in congratu-lating Monica Friedman on receiving this es-teemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing Ms. Friedman a long and successful career. f 
COMMEMORATING THE I75 THANNI-VERSARY OF THE HISTORIC GRACE LUTHERAN CHURCH OF SPRINGFIELD, ILLINOIS 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to recognize Historic Grace Lutheran Church in Springfield, IL. This month marks their 175th anniversary of spreading God’s Word, serving the community, and worship. Grace Lutheran is both spiritually and his-torically significant. The Church’s entirely stone steeple is one of only two of its kind in the country. Further, recognized as part of the Lincoln Home National Historic Site, Grace Lutheran’s founder, Reverend Francis Spring-er, was a neighbor of Abraham Lincoln, in Springfield. Historic Grace Lutheran Church not only has a rich history, but it continues to serve the Greater Springfield Area with the utmost dedi-cation. Its congregation remains committed to service through charitable endeavors including regular contributions to local food pantries. Their ongoing efforts to support the students, teachers, and staff of McClernand Elementary School and other schools in the area are com-mendable. Their commitment to helping the lives of the poor, uneducated, and the hungry embodies the virtues of true servants of God. On September 18, 2016, the Historic Grace Lutheran Church will celebrate 175 years of encompassing in the spirit of charity, religion, and community. As this momentous occasion is celebrated, I extend my sincerest congratu-lations and gratitude to the parish of Historic Grace Lutheran Church for all that they have done and continue to do. IN HONOR OF DR. MILDRED LEE KELLEY DIXON’S SERVICE TO THE VA HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 6, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize Dr. Mildred Lee Kelley Dixon’s years of service to the VA. Dr. Dixon was born in Philadelphia, Penn-sylvania, on September 7, 1916 to Spencer and Annie Kelley. She graduated from East Orange High School in New Jersey and later from Dental Nursing School. In 1944, she graduated from the Ohio College of Chiropody (Kent State University College of Podiatric Medicine). She moved to Tuskegee, Alabama, and married James O. Dixon (deceased) and was blessed with two children: James and Denise. Prior to working at the Tuskegee VA Hos-pital, known today as Central Alabama Health Care System, she was employed as Dean of Women at Tuskegee Institute. She also worked as a Dental Assistant for Dr. Clark, D.D.S. in Opelika and was a private practi-tioner and shoe sales representative at Child Life Shoes. Dr. Dixon was the first female Podiatrist em-ployed by the VA Hospital and the first Black Podiatrist. She received an Honorary Doc-torate of Medicine, International University of Health Sciences, School of Medicine, St. Kitts and established the first Podiatric Residency Program in Alabama. In addition to providing podiatric care to Vet-erans at the VA Hospital, Dr. Dixon traveled to VA Hospitals in Montgomery (1977–1984) and Tuscaloosa (1982–1984) to provide podiatric care. She was a regular contributor to the Chi-ropody Journal and other professional medical journals, in the U.S. and abroad. Dr. Dixon is Past President of AARP, Chap-ter #3428, a volunteer with Macon County RSVP, a volunteer for the National Park Serv-ices, a member of AAUW, NAACP, APHA, National Academy Practice, and AWP, the past-President of the Association of Podiatrists in Federal Services, a Life Member of APMA and past-President of the National Podiatric Medical Association. Dr. Dixon is a member of Greenwood Missionary Baptist Church in Tuskegee, still active in the community and continues to serve as a volunteer. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Dr. Dixon for her service to others and help me wish her a happy 100th birthday on Sep-tember 7th. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06SE8.084 E06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D870 Tuesday, September 6, 2016 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´s of Congressional Activity (July and August). 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5227–S5299 Measures Introduced: Six bills were introduced, as follows: S. 3284–3289.
                                           Page S5279 
Measures Reported: Reported on Tuesday, August 30, during the ad-journment: Report to accompany S. 461, to provide for alter-native financing arrangements for the provision of certain services and the construction and mainte-nance of infrastructure at land border ports of entry. (S. Rept. No. 114–303) Report to accompany S. 2509, to improve the Government-wide management of Federal property. (S. Rept. No. 114–304) S. 2964, to eliminate or modify certain mandates of the Government Accountability Office. (S. Rept. No. 114–305) S. 2967, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Office of Management and Budget to execute a national biodefense strategy, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 114–306) S. 2971, to authorize the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 114–307) S. 718, to modify the boundary of Petersburg Na-tional Battlefield in the Commonwealth of Virginia, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 114–308) S. 1577, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System, with amend-ments. (S. Rept. No. 114–309) S. 1623, to establish the Maritime Washington National Heritage Area in the State of Washington, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 114–310) S. 2360, to improve the administration of certain programs in the insular areas, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 114–311) H.R. 1289, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to acquire approximately 44 acres of land in Martinez, California. (S. Rept. No. 114–312) H.R. 2288, to remove the use restrictions on cer-tain land transferred to Rockingham County, Vir-ginia. (S. Rept. No. 114–313) H.R. 2615, to establish the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission. (S. Rept. No. 114–314) S. 2319, to amend the Communications Act of 1934. Reported on Tuesday, September 6: S. 1167, to modify the boundaries of the Pole Creek Wilderness, the Owyhee River Wilderness, and the North Fork Owyhee Wilderness and to au-thorize the continued use of motorized vehicles for livestock monitoring, herding, and grazing in certain wilderness areas in the State of Idaho, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 114–315) S. 1662, to include Livingston County, the city of Jonesboro in Union County, and the city of Freeport in Stephenson County, Illinois, to the Lincoln Na-tional Heritage Area. (S. Rept. No. 114–316) S. 1690, to establish the Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area in the State of Washington, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 114–317) S. 1696, to redesignate the Ocmulgee National Monument in the State of Georgia, to revise the boundary of that monument, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 114–318) S. 1777, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to maintain or replace certain facilities and structures for commercial recreation services at Smith Gulch in Idaho, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–319) S. 1930, to adjust the boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill. (S. Rept. No. 114–320) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06SE6.REC D06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D871 September 6, 2016 
S. 1943, to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in the State of Ten-nessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Cross-roads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 114–321) S. 2018, to convey, without consideration, the re-versionary interests of the United States in and to certain non-Federal land in Glennallen, Alaska. (S. Rept. No. 114–322) S. 2087, to modify the boundary of the Fort Scott National Historic Site in the State of Kansas, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 114–323) S. 2177, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi. (S. Rept. No. 114–324) S. 2223, to transfer administrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills Na-tional Cemetery, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 114–325) S. 2412, to establish the Tule Lake National His-toric Site in the State of California. (S. Rept. No. 114–326) S. 2524, to insure adequate use and access to the existing Bolts Ditch headgate and ditch segment within the Holy Cross Wilderness in Eagle County, Colorado, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 114–327) S. 2608, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to place signage on Federal land along the trail known as the ‘‘American Discovery Trail’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–328) S. 2620, to facilitate the addition of park adminis-tration at the Coltsville National Historical Park. (S. Rept. No. 114–329) S. 2805, to modify the boundary of Voyageurs National Park in the State of Minnesota, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 114–330) S. 2839, to amend the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commis-sion. (S. Rept. No. 114–331) S. 2954, to establish the Ste. Genevieve National Historic Site in the State of Missouri, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–332) S. 3020, to update the map of, and modify the acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fos-sil Beds National Monument, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–333) S. 3027, to clarify the boundary of Acadia Na-tional Park, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–334) H.R. 959, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi. (S. Rept. No. 114–335) Report to accompany H.R. 1475, to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private con-tributions to fund that Wall of Remembrance. (S. Rept. No. 114–336) H.R. 2880, to redesignate the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia. (S. Rept. No. 114–337) Report to accompany H.R. 3004, to amend the Gullah Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah Geechee Cultural Herit-age Corridor Commission. (S. Rept. No. 114–338) H.R. 3620, to amend the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to pro-vide access to certain vehicles serving residents of municipalities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area. (S. Rept. No. 114–339) H.R. 4119, to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore, Jack-son County, Mississippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 114–340) H.R. 4539, to establish the 400 Years of African- American History Commission. (S. Rept. No. 114–341) S. 1818, to amend title 5, United States Code, to reform the rule making process of agencies, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–342) S. 1820, to require agencies to publish an advance notice of proposed rule making for major rules, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–343) S. 2970, to amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law enforcement availability pay to employ-ees of the Air and Marine Operations of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. (S. Rept. No. 114–344) 
                                                                                    Pages S5278–79 
Measures Considered: Department of Defense Appropriations Act: By 55 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. 136), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5293, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017.
                       Pages S5239–49 
Water Resources Development Act—Agreement: Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2848, to provide for the con-servation and development of water and related re-sources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States.
                      Page S5240 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the motion to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD16\SEP2016\D06SE6.REC D06SE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD872 September 6, 2016 
proceed to consideration of the bill at approximately 10 a.m., on Wednesday, September 7, 2016. 
                                                                                            Page S5290 
Conference Reports: Transportation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act: Senate resumed consideration of the conference report to accompany H.R. 2577, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. 
                                                                                      Page S5229–40 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 52 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. 135), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the conference report to accompany the bill.
                                                  Page S5239 
Appointments: Evidence-Based Policymaking Commission: The Chair announced, on behalf of the Majority Leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 114–140, the appointment of the following individuals to serve as members of the Evidence-Based Policy-making Commission: Kathleen B. Rice of Indiana (data minimization/personal-identifiable information expert), Robert J. Shea of Virginia (data expert with experience in administering programs), and Kenneth R. Troske of Kentucky (academic researcher/data ex-pert).
                                                                                 Page S5227 
United States Commission on International Re-ligious Freedom: The Chair, on behalf of the Presi-dent pro tempore, upon the recommendation of the Majority Leader, pursuant to Public Law 105–292, as amended by Public Law 106–55, Public Law 107–228, and Public Law 112–75, appointed the following individual to the United States Commis-sion on International Religious Freedom: Clifford D. May of Maryland, vice M. Zuhdi Jasser.
       Page S5227 National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity: The Chair announced, on behalf of the President pro tempore, pursuant to Public Law 110–315, the re-appointment of the fol-lowing individuals to be members of the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity: Anne D. Neal of the District of Columbia and Richard F. O’Donnell of Colorado.
         Page S5290 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Abid Riaz Qureshi, of Maryland, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. 5 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 41 Army nominations in the rank of general. 2 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Foreign Service, and Navy.
                                             Pages S5294–99 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S5253 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S5253 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S5253 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S5253 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S5253–76 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S5276–77 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5279–81 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S5250–52 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S5281 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—136)
                                           Pages S5239, S5239–40 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 7:14 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, September 7, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5294.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 15 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5931–5941; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. 841–842, 845–846, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H5095–96 Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5096–98 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5578, to establish certain rights for sexual assault survivors, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–707, Part 1); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06SE6.REC D06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D873 September 6, 2016 
H.R. 3286, to encourage effective, voluntary pri-vate sector investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual presidential awards to private sector employers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–708); H.R. 3471, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the provision of automobiles and adaptive equipment by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–709); H.R. 3974, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide edu-cational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician assistants of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to establish pay grades and require competitive pay for physician assistants of the Department, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–710); H.R. 3881, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to repeal provisions relating only to the Allegheny Na-tional Forest, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–711); H.R. 4245, to exempt importation and expor-tation of sea urchins and sea cucumbers from licens-ing requirements under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–712, Part 1); H.R. 5577, to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct offshore oil and gas lease sales through Internet-based live lease sales, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–713); H.R. 3839, to transfer administrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills Na-tional Cemetery, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–714, Part 1); H.R. 1157, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to take land into trust for the benefit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–715); H.R. 3342, to provide for stability of title to cer-tain lands in the State of Louisiana, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–716); H.R. 3843, to authorize for a 7-year period the collection of claim location and maintenance fees, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–717, Part 1); H.R. 4576, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fish-eries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, to im-plement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–718); H.R. 5468, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to allow for prepayment of repayment obligations under Repayment Contracts between the United States and the Weber Basin Water Conservancy Dis-trict (H. Rept. 114–719); H. Res. 169, acknowledging and honoring brave young men from Hawaii who enabled the United States to establish and maintain jurisdiction in re-mote equatorial islands as prolonged conflict in the Pacific lead to World War II (H. Rept. 114–720); S. 1579, to enhance and integrate Native Amer-ican tourism, empower Native American commu-nities, increase coordination and collaboration be-tween Federal tourism assets, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States (H. Rept. 114–721, Part 1); S. 246, to establish the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–722); H.R. 4850, to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to exempt certain micro-offerings from the registra-tion requirements of such Act, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–723); H. Res. 843, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5063) to limit donations made pursuant to settlement agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–724); H. Res. 844, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2357) to direct the Securities and Ex-change Commission to revise Form S–3 so as to add listing and registration of a class of common equity securities on a national securities exchange as an ad-ditional basis for satisfying the requirements of Gen-eral Instruction I.B.1. of such form and to remove such listing and registration as a requirement of General Instruction I.B.6. of such form, and pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5424) to amend the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to amend its rules to modernize certain requirements relating to investment advisers, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 114–725); and H.R. 4852, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise Regulation D relating to ex-emptions from registration requirements for certain sales of securities, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–726).
                                                              Pages H5094–95 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Denham to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H5041 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06SE6.REC D06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD874 September 6, 2016 
Member Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Whitfield, wherein he resigned as Rep-resentative for the First Congressional District of Kentucky, effective 6 p.m. on September 6, 2016. 
                                                                                            Page H5041 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:17 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:01 p.m.
                                                   Page H5043 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Gold Star Families Voices Act: H.R. 4511, to amend the Veterans’ Oral History Project Act to allow the collection of video and audio recordings of biographical histories by immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces who died as a re-sult of their service during a period of war; 
                                                                                    Pages H5043–45 
Survivors’ Bill of Rights Act of 2016: H.R. 5578, to establish certain rights for sexual assault survivors, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 399 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 479; 
                                                                      Pages H5045–49, H5071 
Making technical amendments to update statu-tory references to certain provisions classified to title 2, United States Code: H.R. 2830, to make technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions classified to title 2, United States Code;
                                                          Pages H5049–51 
Making technical amendments to update statu-tory references to provisions classified to chapters 44, 45, 46, and 47 of title 50, United States Code: H.R. 2831, amended, to make technical amend-ments to update statutory references to provisions classified to chapters 44, 45, 46, and 47 of title 50, United States Code;
                                          Pages H5051–57 
Making technical amendments to update statu-tory references to certain provisions classified to title 52, United States Code: H.R. 2832, amended, to make technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions classified to title 52, United States Code;
                                          Pages H5057–63 
Cooperative Management of Mineral Rights Act: H.R. 3881, amended, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to repeal provisions relating only to the Alle-gheny National Forest, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote 395 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 480; 
                                                                      Pages H5063–64, H5072 
Bolts Ditch Access and Use Act: H.R. 4510, amended, to insure adequate use and access to the existing Bolts Ditch headgate and ditch segment within the Holy Cross Wilderness in Eagle County, Colorado;
                                                                        Page H5064 
Fort Frederica National Monument Boundary Expansion Act: H.R. 3480, amended, to expand the boundary of Fort Frederica National Monument in the State of Georgia;                                        Pages H5064–65 
Fort Ontario Study Act: H.R. 4202, amended, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York;
                                                            Pages H5065–67 
Exempting importation and exportation of sea urchins and sea cucumbers from licensing require-ments under the Endangered Species Act of 1973: H.R. 4245, amended, to exempt importation and ex-portation of sea urchins and sea cucumbers from li-censing requirements under the Endangered Species Act of 1973;
                                                         Pages H5067–68 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To ex-empt exportation of certain echinoderms and mol-lusks from licensing requirements under the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973.’’.
                               Page H5068 
Authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to es-tablish a structure for visitor services on the Ar-lington Ridge tract, in the area of the U.S. Marine Corps War Memorial: H.R. 4789, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish a structure for visitor services on the Arlington Ridge tract, in the area of the U.S. Marine Corps War Memorial; 
                                                                                    Pages H5068–69 
Innovation in Offshore Leasing Act: H.R. 5577, amended, to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct offshore oil and gas lease sales through Internet-based live lease sales; and
           Pages H5069–70 
Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Ex-pansion Act: H.R. 3839, amended, to transfer ad-ministrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery.
        Pages H5073–74 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:36 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H5070 
Whole Number of the House: The Chair an-nounced to the House that, in light of the resigna-tion of the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Whit-field, the whole number of the House is 432. 
                                                                                            Page H5070 
Expressing the profound sorrow of the House of Representatives on the death of the Honorable Mark Takai: The House agreed to H. Res. 841, ex-pressing the profound sorrow of the House of Rep-resentatives on the death of the Honorable Mark Takai, a Representative from the State of Hawaii. 
                                                                                    Pages H5070–71 
Moment of Silence: The House observed a moment of silence in memory of the late Honorable Mark Takai.
                                                                       Pages H5071–72 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06SE6.REC D06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D875 September 6, 2016 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5071 and H5072. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and at 8:16 p.m., pursuant to House Resolution 841, the House stands adjourned as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Honorable Mark Takai. 
Committee Meetings 
ACCELERATING ACCESS TO CAPITAL ACT OF 2015; INVESTMENT ADVISERS MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016; STOP SETTLEMENT SLUSH FUNDS ACT OF 2016 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 2357, the ‘‘Accelerating Access to Capital Act of 2015’’; H.R. 5424, the ‘‘Investment Advisers Modernization Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 5063, the ‘‘Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 9–2, a struc-tured rule for H.R. 2357. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–62 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those fur-ther amendments printed in part A of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in part A of the report. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. The Committee also granted a structured rule for H.R. 5424. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Financial Serv-ices now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only the further amendment printed in part B of the Rules Committee report, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be sub-ject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment printed in part B of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The Com-mittee granted, by record vote of 9–2, a structured rule for H.R. 5063. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule pro-vides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Committee on the Judi-ciary now printed in the bill and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the na-ture of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Goodlatte, Chairman Price of Georgia, and Representatives Hurt, Maxine Waters of California, Johnson of Geor-gia, Rice of South Carolina, and Jackson Lee. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D763) 
H.R. 636, to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure author-ity of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund. Signed on July 15, 2016. (Public Law 114–190) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06SE6.REC D06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD876 September 6, 2016 
H.R. 3766, to direct the President to establish guidelines for covered United States foreign assist-ance programs. Signed on July 15, 2016. (Public Law 114–191) H.R. 4372, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 15 Rochester Street, Bergen, New York, as the Barry G. Miller Post Of-fice. Signed on July 15, 2016. (Public Law 114–192) H.R. 4960, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 N Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’. Signed on July 15, 2016. (Public Law 114–193) S. 2845, to extend the termination of sanctions with respect to Venezuela under the Venezuela De-fense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014. Signed on July 15, 2016. (Public Law 114–194) S. 1252, to authorize a comprehensive strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to de-veloping countries to reduce global poverty and hun-ger, achieve food and nutrition security, promote in-clusive, sustainable, agricultural-led economic growth, improve nutritional outcomes, especially for women and children, build resilience among vulner-able populations. Signed on July 20, 2016. (Public Law 114–195) H.R. 4875, to establish the United States Semiquincentennial Commission. Signed on July 22, 2016. (Public Law 114–196) H.R. 5588, to increase, effective as of December 1, 2016, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of de-pendency and indemnity compensation for the sur-vivors of certain disabled veterans. Signed on July 22, 2016. (Public Law 114–197) S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General and Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescrip-tion opioid abuse and heroin use, and to provide for the establishment of an inter-agency task force to re-view, modify, and update best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medication. Signed on July 22, 2016. (Public Law 114–198) S. 2840, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter train-ing. Signed on July 22, 2016. (Public Law 114–199) H.R. 2607, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7802 37th Avenue in Jackson Heights, New York, as the ‘‘Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building’’. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–200) H.R. 3700, to provide housing opportunities in the United States through modernization of various housing programs. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–201) H.R. 3931, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 620 Central Avenue Suite 1A in Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office’’. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–202) H.R. 3953, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4122 Madison Street, Elfers, Florida, as the ‘‘Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office’’. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–203) H.R. 4010, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 522 North Central Avenue in Phoenix, Arizona, as the ‘‘Ed Pastor Post Office’’. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–204) H.R. 4425, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office’’. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–205) H.R. 4747, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6691 Church Street in Riverdale, Georgia, as the ‘‘Major Gregory E. Bar-ney Post Office Building’’. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–206) H.R. 4761, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 61 South Baldwin Avenue in Sierra Madre, California, as the ‘‘Louis Van Iersel Post Office’’. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–207) H.R. 4777, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1301 Alabama Ave-nue in Selma, Alabama as the ‘‘Amelia Boynton Robinson Post Office Building’’. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–208) H.R. 4877, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, as the ‘‘LCpl Gar-rett W. Gamble, USMC Post Office Building’’. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–209) H.R. 4904, to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to issue a directive on the management of software licenses. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–210) H.R. 4925, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 229 West Main Cross Street, in Findlay, Ohio, as the ‘‘Michael Garver Oxley Memorial Post Office Building’’. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–211) H.R. 4975, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5720 South 142nd Street in Omaha, Nebraska, as the ‘‘Petty Officer 1st 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06SE6.REC D06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D877 September 6, 2016 
Class Caleb A. Nelson Post Office Building’’. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–212) H.R. 4987, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William ‘Kelly’ Lacey Post Office’’. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–213) H.R. 5028, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10721 E Jefferson Ave in Detroit, Michigan, as the ‘‘Mary E. McCoy Post Office Building’’. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–214) H.R. 5722, to establish the John F. Kennedy Centennial Commission. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–215) S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–216) S. 2893, to reauthorize the sound recording and film preservation programs of the Library of Con-gress. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–217) S. 3055, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide a dental insurance plan to veterans and survivors and dependents of veterans. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–218) S. 3207, to authorize the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped to provide playback equipment in all formats. Signed on July 29, 2016. (Public Law 114–219) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the Administration’s proposal for a United Nations resolution on the Comprehensive Nuclear Test-Ban Trea-ty, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider S. Con. Res. 49, supporting efforts to stop the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cultural items of Indians, Alaska Natives, and Native Ha-waiians in the United States and internationally, S. 2711, to expand opportunity for Native American children through additional options in education, and S. 2959, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund; to be immediately fol-lowed by a hearing to examine S. 2285, to provide for the recognition of the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina, S. 3234, to amend the Native American Business Devel-opment, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000, the Buy Indian Act, the Indian Trader Act, and the Native American Programs Act of 1974 to provide industry and economic development opportunities to Indian commu-nities, S. 3261, to establish a business incubators program within the Department of the Interior to promote eco-nomic development in Indian reservation communities, and H.R. 4685, to take certain Federal lands located in Tulare County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tule River Indian Tribe, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Walter David Counts, III, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Karen Gren Scholer, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, and E. Scott Frost, James Wesley Hendrix, and Irma Carrillo Ramirez, each to be a United States District Judge for the North-ern District of Texas, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-ine Veterans Health Administration best practices, focus-ing on exploring the Diffusion of Excellence initiative, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine securing America’s retirement future, focusing on the Bi-partisan Policy Center’s recommendations to boost sav-ings, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Deferred Maintenance in the Nuclear Security Enterprise: Safety and Mission Risks’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation: Scor-ing Assumptions and Real-World Implications’’, 10 a.m., 210 Cannon. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Power Act: Historical Perspectives’’, 10 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Mone-tary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Reserve Districts: Governance, Monetary Policy, and Economic Performance’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Growing Crisis in South Sudan’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on the Con-stitution and Civil Justice, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Judgment Fund: Iran, Big Settlements, and the Lack of Transparency’’, 10:30 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3764, the ‘‘Tribal Recognition Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4564, the ‘‘Robert Emmet Park Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5032, to allow certain property in the town of Louisa, Virginia, to be used for purposes related to compliance with water quality standards, and for other purposes; and H.R. 5259, the ‘‘Certainty for States and Tribes Act’’, 5 p.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Over-sight of the Department of Defense Office of Inspector General’s Military Whistleblower Reprisal Investiga-tions’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06SE6.REC D06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD878 September 6, 2016 Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘Commercial Remote Sensing: Facilitating Innovation and Leadership’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Opportunities: Oversight of the HUBZone Program’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation; and Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Maritime Navigation Pro-grams: Interagency Cooperation and Technological Change’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, business meeting on possible motions to subpoena information from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs; and hear-ing entitled ‘‘From Tumult to Transformation: The Com-mission on Care and the Future of the VA Healthcare System’’, 10:15 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Human Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Unemployment In-surance: An Overview of the Challenges and Strengths of Today’s System’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘The Evo-lution of Quality in Medicare Part A’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of September 7 through September 9, 2016 Senate Chamber On Wednesday, at approximately 10 a.m., Senate will continue consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2848, Water Resources Devel-opment Act. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Foreign Relations: September 7, to hold hearings to examine the Administration’s proposal for a United Nations resolution on the Comprehensive Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty, 10 a.m., SD–419. September 8, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine Pakistan, focusing on challenges for United States interests, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: September 8, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management, to hold hearings to examine review-ing independent agency rulemaking, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: September 7, business meeting to consider S. Con. Res. 49, supporting efforts to stop the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cultural items of Indians, Alaska Natives, and Native Hawaiians in the United States and inter-nationally, S. 2711, to expand opportunity for Native American children through additional options in edu-cation, and S. 2959, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund; to be immediately followed by a hearing to exam-ine S. 2285, to provide for the recognition of the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina, S. 3234, to amend the Native American Business Development, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000, the Buy Indian Act, the Indian Trader Act, and the Native American Programs Act of 1974 to provide industry and economic development op-portunities to Indian communities, S. 3261, to establish a business incubators program within the Department of the Interior to promote economic development in Indian reservation communities, and H.R. 4685, to take certain Federal lands located in Tulare County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tule River Indian Tribe, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: September 7, to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of Walter David Counts, III, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Karen Gren Scholer, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, and E. Scott Frost, James Wesley Hendrix, and Irma Carrillo Ramirez, each to be a United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas, 10 a.m., SD–226. September 8, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 2763, to provide the victims of Holocaust-era persecution and their heirs a fair opportunity to recover works of art confiscated or misappropriated by the Nazis, S. 3155, to amend chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, to clarify the exception to foreign sovereign immu-nity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title, S. 3270, to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and ex-ploitation cases, and the nominations of Danny C. Reeves, of Kentucky, and Charles R. Breyer, of California, both to be a Member of the United States Sentencing Commis-sion, Kathleen Marie Sweet, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, Lucy Haeran Koh, of California, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, and Florence Y. Pan, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia, Time to be announced, S–216, Capitol. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: September 7, to hold hearings to examine Veterans Health Administration best practices, focusing on exploring the Diffusion of Excel-lence initiative, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: September 8, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: September 7, to hold hear-ings to examine securing America’s retirement future, fo-cusing on the Bipartisan Policy Center’s recommendations to boost savings, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, September 8, Sub-committee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘Views on H.R. 4298: Vietnam Helicopter Crew Memorial Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06SE6.REC D06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D879 September 6, 2016 and H.R. 5458: Veteran’s TRICARE Choice Act’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, September 8, Sub-committee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Legis-lation to Improve Public Health’’, 10 a.m., 2322 Ray-burn. September 8, Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Rural Call Quality and Re-liability’’, 2 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. September 9, Subcommittee on Health, hearing enti-tled ‘‘An Examination of Federal Mental Health Parity Laws and Regulations’’, 9 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, September 8, Sub-committee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Fueling Terror: The Dangers of Ransom Payments to Iran’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, September 8, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Reforming the National Secu-rity Council: Efficiency and Accountability’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. September 8, Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa; and the Subcommittee on Energy of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Eastern Mediterranean Energy: Challenges and Opportunities for U.S. Regional Prior-ities’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. September 8, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Asia’s Growing Hunger for Energy: U.S. Policy and Supply Opportunities’’, 3 p.m., 2255 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, September 8, Sub-committee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, hearing entitled ‘‘State and Local Perspectives on Federal Informa-tion Sharing’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, September 8, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 3438, the ‘‘Require Evaluation before Implementing Executive Wishlists Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, September 8, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 3764, the ‘‘Tribal Recognition Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4564, the ‘‘Robert Emmet Park Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5032, to allow certain property in the town of Louisa, Virginia, to be used for purposes related to compliance with water quality standards, and for other purposes; and H.R. 5259, the ‘‘Certainty for States and Tribes Act’’ (continued), 11 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, September 8, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining FOIA Compliance at the Department of State’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. September 9, Subcommittee on Transportation and Public Assets, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s Response to the Baton Rouge Flood Disaster’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, September 8, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘Struggling to Grow: Assessing the Challenges for Small Businesses in Rural America’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, September 8, Full Com-mittee, markup on a bill to amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to establish a demonstration program to provide integrated care for Medicare beneficiaries with end-stage renal disease, and for other purposes; and H.R. 954, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt from the individual mandate certain individuals who had coverage under a terminated qualified health plan funded through the Consumer Operated and Ori-ented Plan (CO–OP) program, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: September 8, to hold hearings to examine Federal debt, focusing on direction, drivers, and dangers, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Conference: September 8, meeting of conferees on S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy pol-icy of the United States, 9:30 a.m., SD–106. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06SE6.REC D06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D880 September 6, 2016 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 103 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 321 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
SECOND SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 4 through July 31, 2016 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 103 93 . . Time in session ................................... 591 hrs., 20 ′ 461 hrs., 15′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 5,205 5,039 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 1,170 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 39 65 104 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... 3 3 . . Measures passed, total ......................... 304 405 709 Senate bills .................................. 60 41 . . House bills .................................. 64 276 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 1 . . House joint resolutions ............... 1 1 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 10 5 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 9 18 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 159 63 . . Measures reported, total ...................... *196 317 513 Senate bills .................................. 138 6 . . House bills .................................. 25 259 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 1 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 4 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 5 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 29 46 . . Special reports ..................................... 9 2 . . Conference reports ............................... 2 2 . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 356 89 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 1,088 1,945 3,033 Bills ............................................. 848 1,618 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 10 18 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 24 43 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 206 266 . . Quorum calls ....................................... . . 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 134 184 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 293 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... 1 3 . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 4 through July 31, 2016 
Civilian nominations, totaling 309 (including 181 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 73 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 225 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 11 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 1,153 (including 97 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 949 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 203 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 Air Force nominations, totaling 5,412 (including 181 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,866 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1,546 Army nominations, totaling 4,453 (including 1,740 nominations car-ried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 4,279 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 174 Navy nominations, totaling 2,105 (including 5 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,674 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 429 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 2 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,244 (including 3 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,243 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 2,207 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 12,469 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 12,084 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 2,578 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 14 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D06SE6.REC D06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D881 September 6, 2016 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 115 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 321 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
SECOND SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 4 through August 31, 2016 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 112 93 . . Time in session ................................... 591 hrs., 29 ′ 461 hrs., 15′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 5,223 5,039 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 1,170 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 39 65 104 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... 3 3 . . Measures passed, total ......................... 304 405 709 Senate bills .................................. 60 41 . . House bills .................................. 64 276 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 1 . . House joint resolutions ............... 1 1 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 10 5 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 9 18 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 159 63 . . Measures reported, total ...................... *207 317 524 Senate bills .................................. 146 6 . . House bills .................................. 28 259 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 1 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 4 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 5 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 29 46 . . Special reports ..................................... 9 2 . . Conference reports ............................... 2 2 . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 367 89 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 1,088 1,945 3,033 Bills ............................................. 848 1,618 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 10 18 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 24 43 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 206 266 . . Quorum calls ....................................... . . 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 134 184 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 293 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... 1 3 . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 4 through August 31, 2016 
Civilian nominations, totaling 309 (including 181 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 73 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 225 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 11 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 1,153 (including 97 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 949 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 203 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 Air Force nominations, totaling 5,412 (including 181 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,866 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1,546 Army nominations, totaling 4,453 (including 1,740 nominations car-ried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 4,279 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 174 Navy nominations, totaling 2,105 (including 5 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,674 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 429 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 2 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,244 (including 3 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,243 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 2,207 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 12,469 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 12,084 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 2,578 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 14 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D06SE6.REC D06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD882 September 6, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, September 7 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2848, Water Resources Development Act. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, September 7 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 506— Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1175, E1176, E1178, E1180 Bass, Karen, Calif., E1188 Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E1183 Blackburn, Marsha, Tenn., E1177 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E1190 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1187 Brooks, Mo, Ala., E1175 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1185, E1191 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E1174 Carter, John R., Tex., E1179 Castro, Joaquin, Tex., E1191 Chu, Judy, Calif, E1171 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1179, E1194 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1172, E1176, E1178, E1182, E1186, E1188, E1189, E1191, E1193, E1195 Crawford, Eric A. ‘‘Rick‘‘, Ark., E1196 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E1174 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E1188 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E1171, E1188 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1186, E1191 Fleischmann, Charles J. ‘‘Chuck’’, Tenn., E1181 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E1184 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1191 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E1194 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1196 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1177, E1184, E1192 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1195, E1197 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1179, E1188 Loudermilk, Barry, Ga., E1177 Lowenthal, Alan S., Calif., E1175 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E1189 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1172, E1178, E1183, E1185, E1193 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E1182 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E1186 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1180 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1179, E1190 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E1174 Perry, Scott, Pa., E1171, E1172, E1173, E1174 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1173, E1185 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1195, E1196, E1196, E1197 Rooney, Thomas J., Fla., E1181 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1183, E1192 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E1181, E1189, E1194 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1195 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1174 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1172, E1182, E1193 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1173, E1176, E1179, E1183, E1186, E1190 Valadao, David G., Calif., E1171, E1176, E1182, E1193 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E1173, E1194 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E1173 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1177 Young, David, Iowa, E1172, E1176, E1178, E1183, E1186, E1187, E1189, E1192, E1193, E1197 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Sep 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D06SE6.REC D06SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST