Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1465 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MARCH 21, 2016 No. 44 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
OMACK ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, March 21, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable S
TEVE  W
OMACK to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
WORLD WATER DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow is World Water Day. It is an opportunity to learn more about water-related issues and find ways to make a dif-ference. Growing up in the mountains of North Carolina, I lived in a house with-out electricity or running water. That experience taught me very quickly and very early in life that water is a valu-able and precious resource when you have to carry it home from a spring twice a day, and that lesson has stayed with me. Many of us take for granted that when we turn on our taps or faucets, water will always be there. However, more than 660 million people lack ac-cess to safe water and 1.2 billion people live in areas with inadequate water supply. There are many organizations throughout our country and through-out the world that are working to change that situation. We can support the many organizations that aim to preserve and defend this vital natural resource, but it is also important that we evaluate how we use water as indi-viduals. On World Water Day, I hope all of us will explore how we can take steps to preserve this fundamental resource and make it safe and accessible for the world’s population. f 
WORLD DOWN SYNDROME DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST) for 5 minutes. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, today is World Down Syndrome Day. This is a day that creates a global voice for the rights and inclusion of people with Down syndrome. According to the National Down Syn-drome Society, there are more than 400,000 Americans living with Down syndrome. This is an issue that hits very close to home for me and my fam-ily. On June 21, 2008, my grandson, Stan-ley, was born with Down syndrome. I have 10 grandchildren and one on the way. Each one is unique and special, but let me tell you about Stanley. Stanley loves more than you can ever imagine. There is nothing more fun than coming in and looking up and see-ing Stanley say: Hey, Grandpa Mike, I need a hug. I can tell you that when families find out that one of their children or grand-children will have Down syndrome, you are worried and you are concerned, but it is not something to be afraid of. It is something that, yes, they will have special needs, but children and adults with Down syndrome can be trained and educated to a level where they can become self-supportive, active mem-bers of society, and be a great part of not only this Nation, but this world. As I said earlier, there is no one that loves more, stronger, and so uncondi-tionally. Maybe we should take a les-son from them, Mr. Speaker. Our fam-ily and all families that have members with Down syndrome are blessed be-yond measure. f 
JUDGE MERRICK GARLAND NOMINATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on Wednes-day, President Obama nominated Judge Merrick Garland to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia on the Su-preme Court of the United States. Judge Garland is an extraordinarily qualified candidate, highly esteemed within the legal community, and high-ly accomplished as a prosecutor and appellate judge. He was confirmed to the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals in 1995, by a vote of 76–23, with a majority of Republicans voting in favor of his confirmation. Indeed, an even larger number of Republicans said he was well qualified, and I will speak to that. Under normal circumstances, Judge Garland would now be sitting down this week for one-on-one meetings with Senators on both sides of the aisle in preparation for his confirmation hear-ings, but Senate Republicans, Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, have made it clear that they will not be operating under normal procedure. Instead, they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.000 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1466 March 21, 2016 
are refusing even to meet with Judge Garland. Let me suggest they are re-fusing to do their duty. Their approach is inconsistent with the expectations of our Founding Fa-thers and a disservice to the American people, to the Court, to American jus-tice, and to the American people, and their justification has no basis in fact. Justice Anthony Kennedy, who sits now on the Court, was confirmed dur-ing the final years of President Rea-gan’s second term. In fact, he is one of the 14 Justices in our history who have been confirmed during a Presidential election year, including Louis Brandeis and Benjamin Cardozo. So, Mr. Speaker, there is hardly precedent that a lame duck President must allow a Supreme Court vacancy to sit unfilled for months. We do not allow that for the House of Representa-tives and, for the most part, we don’t allow it for the United States Senate. There is a timeframe, indeed, in every State to fill seats in the House of Rep-resentatives so that the American peo-ple will be represented. To politicize this process is irresponsible and jeop-ardizes the proper functioning of our Supreme Court. In 1988, during the Kennedy con-firmation process, President Reagan said, ‘‘The Federal judiciary is too im-portant to be made a political foot-ball.’’ I agree, and I hope Senate Re-publicans would, too, because we all know that their decision has nothing to do with Judge Garland’s qualifica-tions. Senator H
ATCH , a Republican from Utah, in 1997, called Judge Garland ‘‘highly qualified’’ and said, ‘‘his intel-ligence and his scholarship cannot be questioned.’’ When put forward for the D.C. Circuit Court, Judge Garland was cited by Senator H
ATCH as ‘‘a fine nominee.’’ He ultimately voted to con-firm Judge Garland to the D.C. Circuit Court. While Chairman C
HUCK GRASSLEY , who chairs the Judiciary Committee on the Senate—also a Republican—op-posed Judge Garland’s nomination to the Circuit Court, it ought to be noted that it was only because he thought there were already too many judges on that bench, not because Judge Garland lacked qualifications. In fact, Senator G
RASSLEY made this clear by saying, ‘‘I have nothing against the nominee. Mr. Garland seems to be well qualified and would probably make a good judge on some other court.’’ Senator J
EFF SESSIONS , a conserv-ative Republican from Alabama, agreed with Senator G
RASSLEY about too many judges on the Circuit Court, and said of Judge Garland: ‘‘I would feel comfortable supporting him for an-other judgeship.’’ Although he didn’t say it, but another judgeship would be a Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States. Now, Senator G
RASSLEY  and Senator S
ESSIONS have an oppor-tunity to put Judge Garland on an-other court—one that has a vacancy needing to be filled. Our Founding Fathers set up a Court of nine Justices, cognizant of the prob-lem that would occur if there were a 4– 4 tie. That is the situation that exists today, and it can be remedied by the United States Senate now. Let’s not play political games. If Re-publicans don’t want Judge Garland on the Court, schedule a vote and cast their votes accordingly. Senate Majority Leader MITCH M
CCONNELL said just yesterday on ABC’s This Week: ‘‘Under the Constitu-tion, we have a shared responsibility. This is not something he’’—referring to the President—‘‘does alone. He nomi-nates; we confirm.’’ That, of course, is absolutely accu-rate. I would say to Senator M
CCON-
NELL that the President has met his re-sponsibilities. Now it is time for the Senate to do so as well. Some Senate Republicans, Mr. Speaker, agree. Senator M
ARKKIRKof Illinois said on Friday: ‘‘Cast a vote. The tough thing about these senatorial jobs is you get ‘yes’ or ‘no’ votes. Your whole job,’’ Senator K
IRKobserved, ‘‘is to either say ‘yes’ or ‘no’ and explain why.’’ That is democracy. That is re-sponsibility. Furthermore, in February, Senator S
USAN COLLINS , Republican of Maine, said: ‘‘I think the obligation of the Senate is to carefully consider any nominee whom the President submits. The best way to do that, in my judg-ment, is public hearings.’’ Senator C
OL-
LINS was absolutely right. Under pressure from within their own ranks, Senate Republican leaders can only stall for so long before they must face up to their responsibility to give Judge Garland the fair hearing he de-serves and that the American people expect. I believe Judge Garland will make a fine Supreme Court Justice, Mr. Speak-er, and I thank President Obama for se-lecting someone so ‘‘highly qualified,’’ intelligent, and whose ‘‘scholarship cannot be questioned,’’ ‘‘a fine nomi-nee.’’ All of those, of course, are Sen-ator H
ATCH ’s words. I hope that Judge Garland will be swiftly confirmed. Leaving the Su-preme Court with the possibility of gridlock, as we have seen the Congress at gridlock, is not good for our coun-try, not good for the American people, and does not serve our democracy well. Senator M
CCONNELL , hold hearings. Reflect upon Judge Garland’s com-petency, intellect, and suitability to serve on the Supreme Court. Do your duty. 
f 
SUNY POTSDAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to celebrate a tremendous mile-stone for a school in my district, the State University of New York at Pots-dam. On March 25, 1816, the document that would establish what is now known as SUNY Potsdam was signed, making it one of our Nation’s first 50 colleges and the oldest institution in the SUNY sys-tem. Since that time, this school has developed a well-deserved reputation for providing a topflight education, es-pecially in the liberal arts and science fields, and is the proud home of the world-renowned Crane School of Music, which I toured last year. As the cochair of the Congressional STEAM Caucus, I am proud that SUNY Potsdam is leading the way in incor-porating the arts into the traditional science, technology, engineering, and math curriculum. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to stand on the House floor today to commemo-rate the 200th anniversary of the found-ing of SUNY Potsdam. f 
b1215 AMERICANS BEING UNJUSTLY HELD IN IRAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. I
SSA) for 5 minutes. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, these faces are not household names, faces; no one knows who these unknown Americans are. And that is because they have been held in Iran for so long. September 18, 2015, and also detained in 2015. Of course they were not detained the 444 days that Iran, a totalitarian dicta-torship and theocracy, held 52 Amer-ican diplomats, and the world is not watching the same as they did then. That is how this President could make a deal with Iran and not include these victims of this dictatorship. So today, Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor to remind people that in the years, the decades, since I was a young lieutenant in 1979, when the Ayatollah Khomeini blamed students for some-how doing something—not his govern-ment—and continued to blame them and blames them in many ways until today, the Iranian Government, today, would still hold our Embassy hostage. It still is a shell waiting for a return, a return that I fear this President wants to do by executive order. He has already thrown aside so much of what was working to stop this regime from spreading terrorism. Mr. Speaker, as we speak today, these people are held hostage, and the American people are being held hos-tage by a President who chooses to use the pen and the phone over the demo-cratic means at his side. Mr. Speaker, I will continue coming to the floor and pointing out that Iran continues to be a dictatorship spread-ing violence throughout the region; continues to fund Hamas and Hezbollah; continues to, in fact, desta-bilize countries in the region, and now does so with 140 billion more dollars. Mr. Speaker, it is extremely impor-tant that we stand firm in this House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.003 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1467 March 21, 2016 
that this cannot be tolerated; that, ul-timately, this body must stand and do what it is obligated to do, which is, in fact, to demand freedom for Americans held involuntarily and illegally around the world, and particularly in Iran. 
PRESIDENT OBAMA ’S SUPREME COURT  
NOMINATION  
Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I will close by commenting on the Democratic Whip’s statements. He is demanding that the Senate do its job. At a time in which the political sea-son is well underway and politicians are campaigning around America for President, at a time in which two sides have two different visions of the Con-stitution—one is that the original in-tent of the Constitution be adhered to and changed only by the will of the people, as it has been 27 times; or, that it be simply cast aside the way the cur-rent nominee for the Supreme Court would do with the Second Amendment and others—I respect the minority leader’s right to an opinion; but, of course, we all, on this floor, have a right to be wrong from time to time. Mr. Speaker, he clearly was when he went on for more than 10 minutes, tell-ing us that we have to confirm a Su-preme Court Justice in the middle of a political season. I wish he had joined me in saying that this President should not make agreements that circumvent the Con-stitution, that circumvent this body and leave Americans stranded abroad. 
f 
LADIES IN WHITE AND PRESIDENT OBAMA’S TRIP TO CUBA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, when President Obama announced his efforts to normalize relations with Cuba in December 2014, many of us be-lieved that his decision would only em-bolden the regime and end up hurting the Cuban people. Well, almost a year and a half later, we can say, unfortu-nately, as expected, that our suspicions have been warranted. This is indeed what has happened. President Obama is only worried about legacy shopping and is willing to ignore the plight of the Cuban people who continue to suffer under Castro, and this normalization effort has been an abject failure for freedom and de-mocracy on the island. The lives of the Cuban people have not improved. A record number of them are fleeing the island to escape Castro’s tyranny; and freedom and liberty, un-fortunately, no longer seem to be the goals of this administration for the people of Cuba. In December 2015, President Obama said in an interview that he would go to Cuba only when the human rights situation on the island had improved. Well, Mr. Speaker, this is what human rights looks like on the island, the val-iant Ladies in White, who walk peace-fully in Cuba to their church—and you see one being dragged away in the lower corner. This is what happens to them every week in Castro’s Cuba. They are harassed. They are beaten. This is not what an improved human rights situation looks like at all, Mr. President. Hours before the President arrived in Cuba, hundreds of pro-democracy advo-cates were arrested. Listen to that, la-dies and gentlemen. Hundreds of pro- democracy advocates were arrested just hours before the President’s Air Force One touched down. Many of them were members of the Ladies in White, Las Damas de Blanco. The Ladies in White are mothers, wives, daughters, sisters of current or former political prisoners. These brave women continue to speak out for jus-tice and freedom against the regime that oppresses them daily and arrests them every Sunday when they walk peacefully to church. Two weeks ago, the Ladies in White leader, Berta Soler—and we saw her in one of the posters—asked President Obama very pointedly—and there they are getting arrested, harassed, as they do all the time. She said: Please visit Gandhi Park, where we meet. Meet with the victims of Castro’s repression. Well, President Obama responded by stating: ‘‘No one should face harass-ment, arrest, or physical assault sim-ply because they are exercising a uni-versal right to have their voices heard.’’ That is absolutely true. And then he added that he would raise these issues directly with their oppressor, Raul Castro. But once you have already embraced the oppressor of the Ladies in White and legitimized his regime on the world stage, what does this empty rhetoric and phrases matter to any of them? In February 2015, Berta Soler testi-fied before our House Committee on Foreign Affairs, and she stated: ‘‘Our demands are quite concrete: freedom for political prisoners, recognition of civil society, the elimination of all criminal dispositions that penalize freedom of expression and association, and the right of the Cuban people to choose their future through free, plural elections.’’ Elections in Cuba? Fidel Castro fa-mously said, elections for what? They don’t have any political system at all. There is only one party that is allowed to operate; that is the Communist Party. They have selections, not elec-tions. The Cuban people deserve more than just lip service and platitudes from the White House. They are demanding ac-tions and reforms in Cuba to unclench the fist of the Castro control. But solely a meeting with Cuban civil society is a very low bar, Mr. Speaker. It is not enough to help the Cuban people, especially after shaking the hand of a murderous tyrant like Raul Castro. However, even this meeting with civil society is being undermined by Castro’s thugs, even this low bar. Gee, if I just meet with dissidents—check off the list—then my trip will have been a success. Many civil society members have stated that they are now under house arrest, as I speak, and that Castro’s se-curity agents are preventing them from leaving their own homes until President Obama leaves Cuba. In Cuba’s communist newspaper, called Granma, the regime noted that President Obama’s trip to Havana dis-pels the myth that human rights are being violated on the island. They are no fools. They understand the image is worth a thousand words. The image of President Obama in Cuba says no human rights are being violated. And the regime knows that all of the con-cessions that President Obama has given come with no strings attached. I will end with this, Mr. Speaker: No reforms are needed. No changes need to be made. In fact, the Castro re-gime has already stated that it will not change one bit after all of these conces-sions. The Cuban people deserve better. The American people deserve better. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 25 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of mercy, thank You for giving us another day. The Psalmist could not find enough words to express trust in You. Personal experience of Your presence, care, and abiding guidance gave rise to his song: ‘‘O Lord, my rock, my fortress, my deliverer. My God, my rock of refuge, my shield, the fullness of my salvation, my stronghold.’’ Psalm 18:2. Stir in our hearts today Your Spirit. Touch the soul of this Nation that we may see Your saving work in our work and the work of this House. Your strength behind our weakness, Your purpose in our efforts at laws of jus-tice, Your peace drawing all of us and the entire world to lasting freedom. You are ever faithful, O Lord, worthy of all of our trust, now and forever. May everything we do this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.004 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1468 March 21, 2016 
last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. POLIQUIN led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WATER STORAGE IN CALIFORNIA (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, after years of extreme drought, California is finally receiving, thanks to the Good Lord and Mother Nature, significant rain and snowfall, perhaps enough to return to near normal conditions. However, despite continued manda-tory statewide rationing, Federal agen-cies are still making decisions that re-sult in the loss of massive amounts of water that could be stored, or decisions that will be harmful to agriculture. Just 5 days ago, the Sacramento River ran so high that enough water to sup-ply over 54,000 people for an entire year flowed past each hour. While recent storms have improved our water supplies, our largest res-ervoirs are not yet full. They soon could be, but are not yet full. It is pre-cisely during these times that water agencies need to be very cautious and very careful in managing these water supplies so that, as our reservoirs do become full, we can carry through until maybe the next drought. So will they allow these reservoirs to become full, or will they let water flow down because of bad flood data or fish needs? We will see. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BLEEDING DISORDERS AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize March 2016 as Bleeding Disorders Awareness Month. This month marks the 30th an-niversary of President Reagan’s dec-laration of March 1986 as Hemophilia Awareness Month. One of the most troubling bleeding disorders is hemophilia. Hemophilia af-fects roughly 20,000 people in the U.S. and 1 in 5,000 newborns. Treating the disorder is complicated, as well as ex-pensive, as there is no known cure, and treatment may cost $250,000 a year. Another bleeding disorder is Von Willebrand disease, or VWD, which re-sults in bruising, nosebleeds, and exces-sive bleeding following surgical proce-dures. VWD occurs equally in men and women and is estimated to affect more than 3 million Americans. Through this greater awareness of bleeding disorders, we can work toward earlier diagnoses and the prevention of complications, unnecessary procedures, and disabilities. f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL SHINAY (Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, our proud State of Maine has sent many hardworking, principled leaders to the national stage. Senator Margaret Chase Smith brought common sense and courage to Washington as the first woman to serve in both the U.S. House and in the Sen-ate. Now, many other Mainers have served our country with distinction, but have seldom made the headlines. Michael Shinay grew up in a middle class family in Waterville and was a loyal alum of the University of Maine. He was an immensely talented public servant who, every day, helped Amer-ican families and businesses during his 30 distinguished years at the U.S. Post-al Service. Mike served as postmaster in Burlington, Vermont, and in the Postmaster General’s Office here in Washington. In 1992, Mr. Shinay accepted the thankless job of cleaning up the theft and inside dealings right here at the House Post Office. He then cut costs and introduced new technology that streamlined this huge, complex mail system. In 1999, Mike retired from the Postal Service and consulted on global mail systems to some of the world’s most successful companies. Two months ago, on January 23, Mi-chael J. Shinay peacefully passed away, surrounded by his loving wife, Jeanne, of 39 years, and their two won-derful children, Katie and Jonathan. Two months ago, Maine and America lost a cheerful, hardworking public servant, full of fairness, integrity, and goodness. We will miss Mike Shinay. 
f 
CONGRATULATING VALOR CHRIS-TIAN GIRLS SWIMMING AND DIV-ING TEAM (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Valor Christian High School’s varsity girls swimming and diving team on their 4A State championship win. It was a thrilling win for Valor. The team scored 320 points to catapult past their competitors in the quest for the State championship title. Senior Brooke Stenstrom showed tre-mendous leadership and dedication in her record-breaking 50-yard freestyle, 100-yard freestyle, and 200 medley relay, earning her the title of ‘‘Swim-mer of the Year’’ in the State’s 4A clas-sification. Freshman Abbie Erickson finished fourth in the diving portion of the com-petition, contributing to the team’s total points and ultimate State win. Ms. Lori Stenstrom, the swim team’s head coach, led a tremendous effort all season long to get the team ready for their State championship performance, earning her the title of ‘‘Swimming Coach of the Year.’’ I am honored to congratulate these young women on their State champion-ship win. f 
CUBAN PRO-DEMOCRACY LEADERS (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, Raul Castro’s thugs arrested or de-tained many Cuban pro-democracy leaders in anticipation of the Presi-dent’s time in Cuba. Berta Soler, the leader of the Ladies in White, was detained; Antonio Rodiles, detained; and some of these activists were invited to participate in the meeting with President Obama. Antunez and his wife, Yris, arrested; musician Gorki Aguila, arrested; former political prisoner Angel Moya, arrested. Pastor Mario Felix Lleonart Barroso was arrested yesterday. The Castro brothers have shifted their strategy to a catch-and-release program to intimidate activists who have been placed under house arrest by the repressive apparatus of the regime. President Obama says that human rights are important to him, but empty words with no actions to back them up send the message to the Castro regime to continue with his repression, and Castro continues to do so. No surprise there. Shame on us, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
WORLD DOWN SYNDROME DAY (Mr. BENISHEK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, today, March 21, is World Down Syndrome Day. This internationally recognized event is set aside to raise public aware-ness of what Down syndrome is and about the important role that people with Down syndrome play in our lives and our communities. According to the National Down Syn-drome Society, there are currently about 400,000 people living with Down syndrome in the United States alone. These people are faced with elevated risks for many other health conditions and must confront obstacles every day of their lives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.006 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1469 March 21, 2016 
Organizations like the Upper Penin-sula Down Syndrome Association in northern Michigan help to raise aware-ness of this condition. Through hosting events like the Buddy Walk, these or-ganizations help to educate the general public and raise funds for programs that benefit those living with Down syndrome. In my own life, my family and I are blessed to have my youngest grandson, Archie, in our lives. We want Archie to have the ability and the freedom to be the best Archie that he can be. While we have made tremendous strides in helping those with Down syn-drome, it is my hope that we continue to improve the quality of life and the opportunity for kids like Archie. 
f 
MEDIA SILENT ON LACK OF GLOBAL WARMING (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the media were quick to cover a Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration study last year where sci-entists altered global surface tempera-ture data to try and refute the two-dec-ade halt in global warming. The LA Times, The New York Times, and USA Today all headlined NOAA’s announce-ment that there was not a halt in glob-al warming. However, a new peer-reviewed study, published in the journal Nature, con-firms the halt in global warming. Ac-cording to one of the study’s lead au-thors, it ‘‘essentially refutes’’ NOAA’s study. But the many well-respected sci-entists and their findings were ignored by much of the national media, includ-ing those that had previously reported there never was a halt in global warm-ing. Americans deserve all the facts that surround climate change, not just those that fit the view the liberal na-tional media wants to promote. 
f 
RED TIE CHALLENGE FOR BLEED-ING DISORDERS AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. LONG asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to take the National Hemophilia Foun-dation’s Bleeding Disorders Awareness Month Red Tie Challenge, in recogni-tion of more than 3 million Americans who suffer with debilitating bleeding disorders like hemophilia or Von Willebrand disease, which prevent blood from clotting naturally. It is currently estimated that more than 400,000 people worldwide suffer from hemophilia alone, and 75 percent of them either lack adequate treat-ment or have no access to treatment. Also, Von Willebrand disease occurs genetically and is believed to be the most common bleeding disorder. It is estimated to affect 1 percent of the United States population. If these problems are not treated ef-fectively, these problems can result in extended bleeding after injuries, sur-gery, or trauma, and can be fatal for those suffering with them. This March is the first Bleeding Dis-orders Awareness Month, which further underscores the need for legislation like the 21st Century Cures package, which will spur greater medical re-search and innovation when it becomes law. Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow col-leagues to also take the Red Tie Chal-lenge so these millions of Americans suffering with bleeding disorders will be helped. f 
b1415 REMEMBERING ELIZABETH GAR-RETT, CORNELL UNIVERSITY PRESIDENT (Mr. REED asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of a great lady from our district, Elizabeth Garrett, Cornell University President. Ms. Garrett lost her battle with can-cer on March 6, 2016, at the age of 52. We were all deeply saddened, Mr. Speaker, to learn of her passing, and our hearts go out to her loved ones, in-cluding her husband, her two step- daughters, her parents, and her sister. Mr. Speaker, following a distin-guished career where she served as leg-islative director and tax counsel for Senator David L. Boren of Oklahoma and served as a clerk for United States Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Mar-shall, she rose through the ranks of academia to become Cornell Univer-sity’s first female president. We are very proud of President Gar-rett. She was a remarkable leader who led our community in the right direc-tion. Mr. Speaker, I join with all of those in the 23rd Congressional District to extend our condolences and our thoughts and prayers to her family and to our entire community. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 17, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on March 17, 2016 at 5:16 p.m.: That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 4721. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 18, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on March 18, 2016 at 10:26 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 483. That the Senate passed S. 2143. That the Senate passed S. 2512. That the Senate agreed without amend-ment H. Con. Res. 111. That the Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 34. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 16 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. b1600 
f 
AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia) at 4 o’clock p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
NATIONAL POW/MIA REMEMBRANCE ACT OF 2015 Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1670) to direct the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair hon-oring American Prisoners of War/Miss-ing in Action. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1670 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.008 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1470 March 21, 2016 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National POW/MIA Remembrance Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) In recent years, commemorative chairs honoring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action have been placed in prominent lo-cations across the United States. (2) The United States Capitol is an appro-priate location to place a commemorative chair honoring American Prisoners of War/ Missing in Action. 
SEC. 3. PLACEMENT OF A CHAIR IN UNITED STATES CAPITOL HONORING AMER-ICAN PRISONERS OF WAR/MISSING IN ACTION. 
(a) O BTAINING CHAIR.—The Architect of the Capitol shall enter into an agreement to ob-tain a chair featuring the logo of the Na-tional League of POW/MIA Families under such terms and conditions as the Architect considers appropriate and consistent with applicable law. (b) P
LACEMENT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Architect shall place the chair obtained under subsection (a) in a suitable permanent location in the United States Capitol. 
SEC. 4. FUNDING. 
(a) D ONATIONS .—The Architect of the Cap-itol may— (1) enter into an agreement with any orga-nization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 that is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of that Code to solicit private donations to carry out the purposes of this Act; and (2) accept donations of funds, property, and services to carry out the purposes of this Act. (b) C
OSTS.—All costs incurred in carrying out the purposes of this Act shall be paid for with private donations received under sub-section (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. M
ILLER ) and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks on H.R. 1670. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the measure before the House today directs the Architect of the Capitol to obtain a chair featuring the logo of the National League of POW/MIA Families and to prominently place it on display in the U.S. Capitol. As Members of Congress, certainly we each represent diverse congres-sional districts, but one of the things that ties us together are the many brave men and women we represent who stood on the battle lines in defense of our Nation’s freedom, our liberty, and our way of life. This legislation introduced by our colleague, Representative S
TEPHEN  L
YNCH of Massachusetts, honors Amer-ican prisoners of war and Americans missing in action. The chair will serve as a permanent reminder of the enor-mous sacrifice made by those who served our country and were taken as POWs or listed as MIA. The importance of remembering and honoring their great sacrifice can never be overstated. Our Nation has a responsibility to them and to their families who have shared in their sac-rifice, and we must never forget. Our heroes deserve to be honored, es-pecially in the U.S. Capitol, which is itself a symbol of our American beliefs and the liberties and freedoms that they sacrificed to defend. This chair will honor veterans like SAMJOHNSON , one of our colleagues here in the House. Sam is one of the most stalwart protectors of those who have served and who himself endured nearly 7 years as a POW, including 42 months in solitary confinement, in the infamous Hanoi Hilton. Forty-three years ago S
AMJOHNSON  returned to the United States to be re-united with his loved ones, and we are so honored to have the privilege to serve with him today here in this House. In addition to S
AMJOHNSON , Mr. Speaker, when I think about the mean-ing behind this memorial, I think about an individual who lives in my district. His first name is Donald, but we all call him Digger, Digger O’Dell. Digger enlisted in 1952 into the Air Force. He was shot down in October of 1967, and he, like Sam, was a prisoner in the Hanoi Hilton, in Digger’s case, for 5
1⁄2years. Thankfully, Digger made it home, as Sam did, after all of those years in a North Vietnamese camp. He is now in his eighties and serves as a member of our local air base community council and chairs a fundraising event for the Special Olympics. Digger is a remark-able man. He is one of many who self-lessly served our Nation facing enor-mous adversity. I might even mention my husband, who was a fighter pilot and is a proud member of Vietnam Veterans of Amer-ica and is now a proud member of Chapter 154 of the VVA in Macomb County, which is actually one the larg-est chapters in our entire Nation. Again, Mr. Speaker, these heroes who so bravely served our Nation deserve to be honored, especially in the U.S. Cap-itol, and certainly this chair with the MIA/POW logo on it will forever dem-onstrate that we will never forget. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Michigan for her kind words in support of this bill. And I want to thank Mr. B
RADY , the ranking member on the House Admin-istration Committee, for his support as well. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 1670, the National POW/MIA Remembrance Act. Before I begin, I want to thank House Administration for their great support and staff sup-port as well. Mr. Speaker, this bill actually comes from the recognition we all share that, in our country, oftentimes the families of POWs and MIAs suffer alone. And it is through the efforts of groups like Rolling Thunder and other veterans’ groups who have brought to the forefront the fact that we should carry more immediately the memory of the sacrifice of those families. In my own life, I came to know a man named James Fitzgerald, who was a member of Operating Engineers Local 4 in Boston. I worked on a job with him. I remember at noontime, when everyone would go off to lunch, he would go off into his pickup truck and eat his sandwich by himself. Day after day in his lap he would have a tri-corner flag that this country gave him in remembrance of his son, who went down as a result of enemy fire in Vietnam in the early 1960s. It was not until the late 1980s, early 1990s, that his son was actually recov-ered, returned to his family, and buried in Massachusetts. For many, many years, the Fitzgerald family carried that burden by themselves. They car-ried it alone. I had a chance to travel with JPAC, the Joint POW/MIA Accounting Com-mand, to Vietnam, to Korea, and to the South Pacific, the Philippines. We have 83,000—83,000—men and women from this country that died in the Second World War, in Korea, and in Vietnam who are still there. About 1,000 remain in Vietnam. About 5,000 remain in North Korea up around the Chosin Reservoir. And then the great majority of those MIA are buried at sea as a result of the great naval battles in World War II. They are buried in place, and their resting places are our sacred ground. We have an opportunity here to place within the Capitol a remembrance, a shrine, in effect, to their sacrifice in remembrance of their service to this country. H.R. 1670 would honor them by authorizing a placement of a POW/ MIA Chair of Honor on the grounds of the United States Capitol. That chair will forever stand unoccu-pied as a solemn reminder of the over 83,000 brave Americans from as far back as World War II who are still waiting to be brought home. Chairs of honor carrying the POW/ MIA insignia have already been placed in public spaces in cities and towns around the country. It is only fitting that the Capitol, the seat of the U.S. Congress, should do so as well. Mr. Speaker, when our fellow Ameri-cans go to war, we make them a prom-ise never to leave them behind. That vow is sacred. When we pass this chair every day, we will be reminded of our commitment to our POW/MIAs and their families that we have not forgot-ten them, we will never forget them, and we will not rest until they all come home. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.007 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1471 March 21, 2016 
I want to take a moment to thank Joe D’Entremont, who first approached me about undertaking this initiative a couple of years ago. He is a past presi-dent of Rolling Thunder of Massachu-setts Chapter 1 and is now a Rolling Thunder, Incorporated, National mem-ber. I want to thank all the members from all the chapters of Rolling Thun-der from across the country who have kept this idea alive. Joe D’Entremont is a passionate ad-vocate on behalf of our veterans and our POWs and MIAs. Joe has worked with my office from the very beginning on this effort. I also want to thank Gus Dante, also with Rolling Thunder National, who has worked steadfastly at Joe’s side to see this through. Finally, I want to thank the mem-bers of Rolling Thunder Massachusetts Chapter 1 and all of the Rolling Thun-der chapters around the Nation. Their efforts were integral to bringing us here today. After today, H.R. 1670 will move to the Senate for its consideration. I want to recognize and thank my Massachu-setts colleague, Senator E
LIZABETH  W
ARREN , for introducing her Senate companion bill and for making this truly a bicameral effort. I look forward to continuing to work with her to get this past the finish line and have the National POW/MIA Re-membrance Act signed into law. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER .) Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 1670, the National POW/MIA Re-membrance Act of 2015, which would di-rect the Architect of the Capitol to place a commemorative chair paid for by private donations in the United States Capitol to honor American pris-oners of war and those missing in ac-tion. This bill is a way to acknowledge and remember those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice for our country. One of the groups supporting this bill is the Rolling Thunder, as was just mentioned. The mission of the Rolling Thunder is to educate the public of the American prisoners of war who were left behind. I am happy to state that this bill is not a cost to the American taxpayers. In coordination with the Rolling Thunder, I have also introduced H. Res. 590, which calls for a selective com-mittee on POW and MIA affairs. As a minister for nearly two decades, I can tell you that these situations are sometimes not always resolved, but the closure that it provides and benefits to the families is immeasurable. I am proud to once again stand with my colleagues today in honoring our brave men and women. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. I thank the chairwoman for her willing-ness to put such a wonderful piece of legislation forward, something that truly should be unanimous in its bipar-tisan support. Mr. Speaker, I also rise in strong sup-port of H.R. 1670, the National POW/ MIA Remembrance Act. This bipar-tisan bill, as many of those who have spoken before me have said, authorizes the placement of a commemorative chair on the grounds of the U.S. Cap-itol that is going to be a reminder to all of us of the great sacrifice that our brave men and women in uniform have made to keep our country safe and pro-mote our values around the globe. These commemorative chairs, which carry the POW/MIA insignia and are purchased with privately raised funds, remain perpetually unoccupied as a solemn reminder of the 91,000 brave servicemembers still waiting to be brought home. Mr. Speaker, it is truly an honor for me to be able to serve with some in this institution who were POWs and made it home. They need to be com-mended for their service, like Con-gressman S
AMJOHNSON from Texas, who spent way too many months—48, I believe, to be exact—as a guest at the Hanoi Hilton. He was able to make it home. But so many more—so many more—families experience tragic losses because they never know what happened to their family members. Mr. Speaker, ensuring that our vet-erans are properly cared for is one of my top priorities as a Member of this great institution. And while the Veterans Administra-tion continues to require significant reforms, having a commemorative chair in the Capitol will remind all Members—all Members—of this great institution of the commitments we have made to those who have fought so hard and ensure that we hold the VA accountable for their actions, too. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1670 so that families of POW/MIA servicemembers know also that the United States will never for-get the sacrifices their loved ones who served this country with such valor and honor made. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me just say, in sup-port of H.R. 1670, I do want to share in the acknowledgment of S
AMJOHNSON ’s service and sacrifice on behalf of this country. In fairness, I have to say that, when we went to the Hanoi Hilton, they did have a reconstructed version of what Senator J
OHNMCCAINwent through in Hanoi. It is a sanitized version of what he suffered there, but I also want to recognize his service. He is truly an American hero as well. I thank my Republican colleagues on the other side of the aisle for their sup-port. I am glad we can work on this to-gether. I think we owe it to all our MIA and POWs and their families to get this done. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1670. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as I conclude, I just want to reiterate again that these brave men and women who served as POWs or those missing in action are our Nation’s patriots and heroes, and they certainly do deserve to be hon-ored. I am just proud to be a part of this effort to install this fitting memo-rial recognizing those who sacrificed so that we could all be free. I certainly want to thank our col-league from Massachusetts, STEPHEN  L
YNCH , who introduced this bill. He came to me and asked that we would work together on this. I am delighted to do so because there is absolutely nothing more bipartisan and important, I think, than how we remember our veterans and those who are currently serving as well. This is a very, very important piece of legisla-tion. b1615 Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to join us in passing this measure today. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1670, ‘‘National POW/ MIA Remembrance Act of 2015’’ which directs the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair honoring Amer-ican Prisoners of War/Missing in Action. I support this legislation sponsored by Con-gressman S
TEPHEN LYNCH of Massachusetts, because all soldiers should be commemorated for their heroic efforts. This important bill directs the Architect of the Capitol to enter into an agreement to ob-tain a chair featuring the logo of the National League of POW/MIA Families, and place it in the U.S. Capitol in a suitable permanent loca-tion within two years after enactment of this Act. The Architect of the Capitol may enter into an agreement with any tax-exempt, charitable organization to solicit private donations to carry out this Act; and accept resulting dona-tions of funds, property, and services. An astonishing 83,000 American service personnel are still missing in action—from pre-vious wars—and 142,233 Americans have been Prisoners of War (POW). Thankfully, revolutionary new communica-tions, information management and surveil-lance technologies, the total dominance of the air dimension, better training, and the nature of the adversary and geography has halted the increase of POWs and soldiers missing in action. It is our duty as Americans to remember those who have bravely fought for our beloved country. Having this chair at our Nation’s capital will serve as a continuous reminder that our free-dom was fought for. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.014 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1472 March 21, 2016 
This bipartisan bill stands as a testament that our soldiers should be honored for their efforts in protecting our freedom and rights as Americans. Our nation has a proud legacy of apprecia-tion and commitment to the men and women who have worn the uniform in defense of this country but for those who never reunite with their families it is our duty as citizens to keep their memory alive. I urge all Members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 1670. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. M
ILLER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1670. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
OLDER AMERICANS ACT REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 192) to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 192 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Older Amer-icans Act Reauthorization Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 102 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3002) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) The term ‘abuse’ means the knowing infliction of physical or psychological harm or the knowing deprivation of goods or serv-ices that are necessary to meet essential needs or to avoid physical or psychological harm.’’; (2) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) The term ‘adult protective services’ means such services provided to adults as the Secretary may specify and includes serv-ices such as— ‘‘(A) receiving reports of adult abuse, ne-glect, or exploitation; ‘‘(B) investigating the reports described in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(C) case planning, monitoring, evaluation, and other casework and services; and ‘‘(D) providing, arranging for, or facili-tating the provision of medical, social serv-ice, economic, legal, housing, law enforce-ment, or other protective, emergency, or support services.’’; (3) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) The term ‘Aging and Disability Re-source Center’ means an entity, network, or consortium established by a State as part of the State system of long-term care, to pro-vide a coordinated and integrated system for older individuals and individuals with dis-abilities (as defined in section 3 of the Amer-icans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102)), and the caregivers of older individ-uals and individuals with disabilities, that provides— ‘‘(A) comprehensive information on the full range of available public and private long-term care programs, options, service providers, and resources within a commu-nity, including information on the avail-ability of integrated long-term care services, and Federal or State programs that provide long-term care services and supports through home and community-based service pro-grams; ‘‘(B) person-centered counseling to assist individuals in assessing their existing or an-ticipated long-term care needs and goals, and developing and implementing a person-cen-tered plan for long-term care that is con-sistent with the desires of such an individual and designed to meet the individual’s spe-cific needs, goals, and circumstances; ‘‘(C) access for individuals to the full range of publicly-supported long-term care services and supports for which the individuals may be eligible, including home and community- based service options, by serving as a con-venient point of entry for such programs and supports; and ‘‘(D) in cooperation with area agencies on aging, centers for independent living de-scribed in part C of title VII of the Rehabili-tation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 796f et seq.), and other community-based entities, informa-tion and referrals regarding available home and community-based services for individ-uals who are at risk for residing in, or who reside in, institutional settings, so that the individuals have the choice to remain in or to return to the community.’’; (4) in paragraph (14)(B), by inserting ‘‘oral health,’’ after ‘‘bone density,’’; (5) by striking paragraph (17) and inserting the following: ‘‘(17) The term ‘elder justice’ means— ‘‘(A) from a societal perspective, efforts to— ‘‘(i) prevent, detect, treat, intervene in, and prosecute elder abuse, neglect, and ex-ploitation; and ‘‘(ii) protect older individuals with dimin-ished capacity while maximizing their au-tonomy; and ‘‘(B) from an individual perspective, the recognition of an older individual’s rights, including the right to be free of abuse, ne-glect, and exploitation.’’; and (6) in paragraph (18)(A), by striking ‘‘term ‘exploitation’ means’’ and inserting ‘‘terms ‘exploitation’ and ‘financial exploitation’ mean’’. 
SEC. 3. ADMINISTRATION ON AGING. 
(a) B EST PRACTICES .—Section 201 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3011) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘202(a)(21)’’ and inserting ‘‘202(a)(18)’’; (B) in subparagraph (K), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (L)— (i) by striking ‘‘Older Americans Act Amendments of 1992’’ and inserting ‘‘Older Americans Act Reauthorization Act of 2016’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘712(h)(4).’’ and inserting ‘‘712(h)(5); and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(M) collect and analyze best practices re-lated to responding to elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation in long-term care facilities, and publish a report of such best practices.’’; and (2) in subsection (e)(2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, and in coordination with the heads of State adult protective services programs and the Direc-tor of the Office of Long-Term Care Ombuds-man Programs’’ after ‘‘and services’’. (b) T
RAINING .—Section 202 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3012) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘health and economic’’ before ‘‘needs of older indi-viduals’’; (B) in paragraph (7), by inserting ‘‘health and economic’’ before ‘‘welfare’’; (C) in paragraph (14), by inserting ‘‘(includ-ing the Health Resources and Services Ad-ministration)’’ after ‘‘other agencies’’; (D) in paragraph (27), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (E) in paragraph (28), by striking the pe-riod and inserting a semicolon; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(29) provide information and technical as-sistance to States, area agencies on aging, and service providers, in collaboration with relevant Federal agencies, on providing effi-cient, person-centered transportation serv-ices, including across geographic boundaries; ‘‘(30) identify model programs and provide information and technical assistance to States, area agencies on aging, and service providers (including providers operating multipurpose senior centers), to support the modernization of multipurpose senior cen-ters; and ‘‘(31) provide technical assistance to and share best practices with States, area agen-cies on aging, and Aging and Disability Re-source Centers, on how to collaborate and coordinate services with health care entities, such as Federally-qualified health centers, as defined in section 1905(l)(2)(B) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(l)(2)(B)), in order to improve care coordination for indi-viduals with multiple chronic illnesses.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (5)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) when feasible, developing, in con-sultation with States and national organiza-tions, a consumer-friendly tool to assist older individuals and their families in choos-ing home and community-based services, with a particular focus on ways for con-sumers to assess how providers protect the health, safety, welfare, and rights, including the rights provided under section 314, of older individuals;’’; (B) in paragraph (8)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘to identify and articulate goals of care and’’ after ‘‘individuals’’; (ii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by inserting ‘‘respond to or’’ before ‘‘plan’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘future long-term care needs; and’’ and inserting ‘‘long-term care needs;’’; (iii) in subparagraph (E), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) to provide information and referrals regarding available home and community- based services for individuals who are at risk for residing in, or who reside in, institu-tional settings, so that the individuals have the choice to remain in or to return to the community;’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) The Assistant Secretary shall, as ap-propriate, ensure that programs authorized under this Act include appropriate training in the prevention of abuse, neglect, and ex-ploitation and provision of services that ad-dress elder justice and the exploitation of older individuals.’’. (c) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 205 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C.3016) is amended by striking subsection (c). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.005 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1473 March 21, 2016 
(d) R EPORTS .—Section 207(a) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3018(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘202(a)(19)’’ and inserting ‘‘202(a)(16)’’; and (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘202(a)(17)’’ and inserting ‘‘202(a)(14)’’. (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 216 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3020f) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end, and inserting ‘‘$40,063,000 for each of the fiscal years 2017, 2018, and 2019.’’; (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) There are authorized to be appro-priated— ‘‘(1) to carry out section 202(a)(21) (relating to the National Eldercare Locator Service), $2,088,758 for fiscal year 2017, $2,132,440 for fis-cal year 2018, and $2,176,121 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(2) to carry out section 215, $1,904,275 for fiscal year 2017, $1,944,099 for fiscal year 2018, and $1,983,922 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(3) to carry out section 202 (relating to Elder Rights Support Activities under this title), $1,312,904 for fiscal year 2017, $1,340,361 for fiscal year 2018, and $1,367,817 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(4) to carry out section 202(b) (relating to the Aging and Disability Resource Centers), $6,271,399 for fiscal year 2017, $6,402,551 for fis-cal year 2018, and $6,533,703 for fiscal year 2019.’’; and (3) by striking subsection (c). 
SEC. 4. STATE AND COMMUNITY PROGRAMS ON AGING. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 303 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3023) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end, and inserting ‘‘$356,717,276 for fiscal year 2017, $364,456,847 for fiscal year 2018, and $372,196,069 for fiscal year 2019.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end, and inserting ‘‘$459,937,586 for fiscal year 2017, $469,916,692 for fiscal year 2018, and $479,895,348 for fiscal year 2019.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end, and inserting ‘‘$232,195,942 for fiscal year 2017, $237,233,817 for fiscal year 2018, and $242,271,465 for fiscal year 2019.’’; (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end, and inserting ‘‘$20,361,334 for fiscal year 2017, $20,803,107 for fiscal year 2018, and $21,244,860 for fiscal year 2019.’’; (4) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘(1)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(2)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘$166,500,000’’ and all that follows through the period at the end, and inserting ‘‘$154,336,482 for fiscal year 2017, $157,564,066 for fiscal year 2018, and $160,791,658 for fiscal year 2019.’’ (b) A
LLOTMENT .—Section 304 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3024) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3), by striking sub-paragraph (D) and inserting the following: ‘‘(D)(i) For each of fiscal years 2017 through 2019, no State shall be allotted an amount that is less than 99 percent of the amount allotted to such State for the pre-vious fiscal year. ‘‘(ii) For fiscal year 2020 and each subse-quent fiscal year, no State shall be allotted an amount that is less than 100 percent of the amount allotted to such State for fiscal year 2019.’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘subpart 1 of’’. (c) PLANNING AND SERVICE AREAS .—Section 305(b)(5)(C)(i)(III) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3025(b)(5)(C)(i)(III)) is amended by striking ‘‘planning and services areas’’ and inserting ‘‘planning and service areas’’. (d) A
REAPLANS .—Section 306 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3026) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘estab-lishment, maintenance, or construction of multipurpose senior centers,’’ and inserting ‘‘establishment, maintenance, moderniza-tion, or construction of multipurpose senior centers (including a plan to use the skills and services of older individuals in paid and unpaid work, including multigenerational and older individual to older individual work),’’; and (B) in paragraph (6)— (i) in subparagraph (G), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) in coordination with the State agency and with the State agency responsible for elder abuse prevention services, increase public awareness of elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation, and remove barriers to edu-cation, prevention, investigation, and treat-ment of elder abuse, neglect, and exploi-tation, as appropriate;’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (K) as subparagraph (L); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (J) the following: ‘‘(K) protection from elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation; and’’. (e) S
TATE PLANS .—Section 307(a)(2)(A) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3027(a)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘202(a)(29)’’ and inserting ‘‘202(a)(26)’’. (f) N
UTRITION SERVICES INCENTIVE PRO-
GRAM .—Section 311(e) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3030a(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through the period at the end, and inserting ‘‘$164,055,664 for fiscal year 2017, $167,486,502 for fiscal year 2018, and $170,917,349 for fiscal year 2019.’’. (g) S
UPPORTIVE SERVICES .—Section 321 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3030d) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or refer-ral services’’ and inserting ‘‘referral, chronic condition self-care management, or falls pre-vention services’’; (B) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘(includ-ing’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘(including mental and behavioral health screening and falls prevention serv-ices screening) to detect or prevent (or both) illnesses and injuries that occur most fre-quently in older individuals;’’ and (C) in paragraph (15), by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, and screening for elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ‘‘or modernization’’ after ‘‘construction’’; (3) in subsection (c), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘, and pursue opportu-nities for the development of intergenera-tional shared site models for programs or projects, consistent with the purposes of this Act’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) In this section, the term ‘adult child with a disability’ means a child who— ‘‘(1) is age 18 or older; ‘‘(2) is financially dependent on an older in-dividual who is a parent of the child; and ‘‘(3) has a disability.’’. (h) H
OME DELIVERED NUTRITION SERVICES  P
ROGRAM .—Section 336(1) of the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3030f(1)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘canned’’ and all that follows through ‘‘meals’’ and inserting ‘‘canned, or fresh foods and, as appropriate, supplemental foods, and any additional meals’’. (i) NUTRITION SERVICES .—Section 339 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3030g– 21) is amended (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘solicit’’ and inserting ‘‘utilize’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (K), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘, and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(L) where feasible, encourages the use of locally grown foods in meal programs and identifies potential partnerships and con-tracts with local producers and providers of locally grown foods.’’. (j) E
VIDENCE -BASED DISEASE PREVENTION  
AND HEALTH PROMOTION SERVICES PRO-
GRAM .—Part D of title III of the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3030m et seq.) is amended— (1) in the part heading, by inserting ‘‘E
VI-
DENCE -BASED ’’ before ‘‘D ISEASE ’’; and (2) in section 361(a), by inserting ‘‘evi-dence-based’’ after ‘‘to provide’’. (k) O
LDER RELATIVE CAREGIVERS .— (1) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Part E of title III of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3030s et seq.) is amended by striking the subpart heading for subpart 1. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 372 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 3030s) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or who is an individual with a disability’’; and (ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) I
NDIVIDUAL WITH A DISABILITY .—The term ‘individual with a disability’ means an individual with a disability, as defined in section 3 of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102), who is not less than age 18 and not more than age 59. ‘‘(3) O
LDER RELATIVE CAREGIVER .—The term ‘older relative caregiver’ means a caregiver who— ‘‘(A)(i) is age 55 or older; and ‘‘(ii) lives with, is the informal provider of in-home and community care to, and is the primary caregiver for, a child or an indi-vidual with a disability; ‘‘(B) in the case of a caregiver for a child— ‘‘(i) is the grandparent, stepgrandparent, or other relative (other than the parent) by blood, marriage, or adoption, of the child; ‘‘(ii) is the primary caregiver of the child because the biological or adoptive parents are unable or unwilling to serve as the pri-mary caregivers of the child; and ‘‘(iii) has a legal relationship to the child, such as legal custody, adoption, or guardian-ship, or is raising the child informally; and ‘‘(C) in the case of a caregiver for an indi-vidual with a disability, is the parent, grand-parent, or other relative by blood, marriage, or adoption, of the individual with a dis-ability.’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘subpart’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘family caregivers’’ and insert-ing ‘‘part, for family caregivers’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-riod; and (iii) by striking paragraph (2). (l) N
ATIONAL FAMILY CAREGIVER SUPPORT  P
ROGRAM .—Section 373 of the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3030s–1) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘grand-parents or older individuals who are relative caregivers.’’ and inserting ‘‘older relative caregivers.’’; (2) in subsection (c)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.004 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1474 March 21, 2016 
(A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘grand-parents and older individuals who are rel-ative caregivers, and who’’ and inserting ‘‘older relative caregivers, who’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘to older individuals providing care to individ-uals with severe disabilities, including chil-dren with severe disabilities’’ and inserting ‘‘to older relative caregivers of children with severe disabilities, or individuals with dis-abilities who have severe disabilities’’; (3) in subsection (e)(3), by striking ‘‘grand-parents or older individuals who are relative caregivers’’ and inserting ‘‘older relative caregivers’’; (4) in subsection (f)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘for fiscal years 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘for a fiscal year’’; and (5) in subsection (g)(2)(C), by striking ‘‘grandparents and older individuals who are relative caregivers of a child who is not more than 18 years of age’’ and inserting ‘‘older relative caregivers’’. (m) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Part E of title III is amended by striking ‘‘this sub-part’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘this part’’. 
SEC. 5. ACTIVITIES FOR HEALTH, INDEPEND-ENCE, AND LONGEVITY. 
(a) G RANT PROGRAMS .—Section 411 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3032) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating paragraph (13) as paragraph (14); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (12) the following: ‘‘(13) continuing support for program integ-rity initiatives concerning the Medicare pro-gram under title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) that train senior volunteers to prevent and identify health care fraud and abuse; and’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘out’’ and all that follows through the period at the end, and inserting the following: ‘‘out— ‘‘(1) aging network support activities under this section, $6,216,054 for fiscal year 2017, $6,346,048 for fiscal year 2018, and $6,476,043 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(2) elder rights support activities under this section, $10,856,828 for fiscal year 2017, $11,083,873 for fiscal year 2018, and $11,310,919 for fiscal year 2019.’’. (b) N
ATIVE AMERICAN PROGRAMS .—Section 418(b) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3032g(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘a national meeting to train’’ and inserting ‘‘national trainings for’’. (c) L
EGAL ASSISTANCE FOR OLDER AMERI-
CANS .—Section 420(c) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3032i(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘national’’. (d) R
EPEALS .—Sections 415, 419, and 421 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3032d, 3032h, 3032j) are repealed. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 417(a)(1)(A) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3032f(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘grandparents and other older indi-viduals who are relative caregivers’’ and in-serting ‘‘older relative caregivers (as defined in section 372)’’. 
SEC. 6. AMENDMENTS TO COMMUNITY SERVICE SENIOR OPPORTUNITIES ACT. 
(a) O LDER AMERICAN COMMUNITY SERVICE  E
MPLOYMENT PROGRAM .—Section 502 of the Community Service Senior Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 3056) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking ‘‘513(a)(2)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘513(a)(2)(E)’’; and (B) in subparagraph (N)(i) by striking ‘‘Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2801 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘Workforce Inno-vation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.)’’; (2) in subsection (d)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and the local workforce development board’’ after ‘‘service area’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ after ‘‘State agency’’ and inserting ‘‘, the local workforce develop-ment board, and’’; and (3) in subsection (e)(3), by inserting ‘‘, with the State workforce development board and local workforce development board,’’ after ‘‘aging’’. (b) ADMINISTRATION .—Section 503 of the Community Service Senior Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 3056a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (6), (7), and (8) as paragraphs (7), (8), and (9), respec-tively; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘para-graph (7)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (8)’’; (C) in paragraph (4), by striking subpara-graph (F) and inserting the following: ‘‘(F) how the activities of grantees in the State under this title will be coordinated with activities carried out in the State under title I of the Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3111 et seq.) and other related programs (referred to in this subparagraph as ‘WIOA and related activi-ties’), and how the State will reduce unnec-essary duplication between the activities carried out under this title and the WIOA and related activities.’’; and (D) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) C
OMBINED STATE PLAN .—In lieu of the plan described in paragraph (1), a State may develop and submit a combined State plan in accordance with section 103 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3113). For a State that obtains approval of such a combined State plan, that section 103 shall apply in lieu of this subsection and a reference in any other provision of this title (other than this subsection) to a State plan shall be considered to be a reference to that combined State plan.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘Workforce Investment Act of 1998’’ and in-serting ‘‘Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act’’. (c) C
OORDINATION .—The heading of section 511 of the Community Service Senior Oppor-tunities Act (42 U.S.C. 3056i) is amended by striking ‘‘
WORKFORCE INVESTMENT ACT OF  1998’’ and inserting ‘‘
WORKFORCE INNOVATION  
AND OPPORTUNITY ACT ’’. (d) P
ERFORMANCE .—Section 513 of the Com-munity Service Senior Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 3056k) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
ANDINDICATORS ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
AND INDICATORS ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and additional indicators of performance’’ each place it appears; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘(A)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘
(A) COMPOSI -
TION OF MEASURES .—The’’; and (II) by striking clause (ii); (ii) by striking subparagraph (B); (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking ‘‘(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘(B)’’; and (II) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘(A)’’; and (III) by striking the second sentence; and (iv) by striking subparagraphs (D) and (E) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) AGREEMENT ON EXPECTED LEVELS OF  
PERFORMANCE .— ‘‘(i) F
IRST 2 YEARS .—Each grantee shall reach agreement with the Secretary on lev-els of performance for each measure de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i), for each of the first 2 program years covered by the grant agreement. In reaching the agreement, the grantee and the Secretary shall take into account the expected levels proposed by the grantee and the factors described in sub-paragraph (D). The levels agreed to shall be considered to be the expected levels of per-formance for the grantee for such program years. ‘‘(ii) T
HIRD AND FOURTH YEAR .—Each grant-ee shall reach agreement with the Secretary, prior to the third program year covered by the grant agreement, on levels of perform-ance for each measure described in subpara-graph (A), for each of the third and fourth program years so covered. In reaching the agreement, the grantee and the Secretary shall take into account the expected levels proposed by the grantee and the factors de-scribed in subparagraph (D). The levels agreed to shall be considered to be the ex-pected levels of performance for the grantee for such program years. ‘‘(D) F
ACTORS .—In reaching the agreements described in subparagraph (B), each grantee and the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) take into account how the levels in-volved compare with the expected levels of performance established for other grantees; ‘‘(ii) ensure that the levels involved are ad-justed, using an objective statistical model based on the model established by the Sec-retary in accordance with section 116(a)(3)(A)(viii)) of the Workforce Invest-ment and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3141(a)(3)(A)(viii)); and ‘‘(iii) take into account the extent to which the levels involved promote contin-uous improvement in performance account-ability on the core measures and ensure opti-mal return on the investment of Federal funds. ‘‘(E) A
DJUSTMENTS BASED ON ECONOMIC CON -
DITIONS AND INDIVIDUALS SERVED DURING THE  
PROGRAM YEAR .—The Secretary shall, in ac-cordance with the objective statistical model developed pursuant to subparagraph (D)(ii), adjust the expected levels of performance for a program year for grantees, to reflect the actual economic conditions and characteris-tics of participants in the corresponding projects during such program year.’’; and (D) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and to report information on the additional indica-tors of performance’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(2)(A)’’; and (ii) by striking subparagraphs (B) through (E) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) the percentage of project participants who are in unsubsidized employment during the second quarter after exit from the project; ‘‘(C) the percentage of project participants who are in unsubsidized employment during the fourth quarter after exit from the project; ‘‘(D) the median earnings of project par-ticipants who are in unsubsidized employ-ment during the second quarter after exit from the project; ‘‘(E) indicators of effectiveness in serving employers, host agencies, and project par-ticipants; and ‘‘(F) the number of eligible individuals served, including the number of partici-pating individuals described in subsection (a)(3)(B)(ii) or (b)(2) of section 518.’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.004 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1475 March 21, 2016 
(C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2); and (D) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘shall—’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘annually evaluate’’ and in-serting ‘‘shall annually evaluate’’; (B) by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(2)(B)’’; (C) by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(D)); and’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(a)(2)(E)).’’; and (D) by striking paragraph (2); (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘2007’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’; (II) in clause (i)— (aa) by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(2)(B)’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(2)(E)’’; and (cc) by striking ‘‘described’’ and all that follows and inserting a period; (III) by striking clause (ii); and (IV) by striking ‘‘2006’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(i) met’’ and inserting ‘‘2016, met’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘(A)(i); or’’ at the end and inserting ‘‘(A),’’; (II) by striking clause (ii); (III) by striking ‘‘2006—’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘(i) failed’’ and inserting ‘‘2016, failed’’; and (IV) by striking ‘‘and achieve the applica-ble percentage’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(2)(B)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(2)(E)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(iii)— (I) by striking ‘‘(beginning with program year 2007)’’; and (II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) U
SE OF CORE INDICATORS .—For pur- poses of assessing grantee performance under this subparagraph before program year 2017, the Secretary shall use the core indicators of performance in effect at the time of the award and the most recent corresponding ex-pected levels of performance.’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(2)(B)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(2)(E)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(iii), by striking ‘‘(beginning with program year 2007)’’; and (D) by amending paragraph (4) to read as follows: ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL RULE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .— The Secretary shall implement the core measures of performance described in this section not later than December 31, 2017.’’; and (5) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) I
MPACT ON GRANT COMPETITION .—Effec- tive on January 1, 2018, the Secretary may not publish a notice announcing a grant competition under this title, or solicit pro-posals for grants, until the day on which the Secretary implements the core measures of performance.’’. (e) C
OMPETITIVE REQUIREMENTS .—Section 514(c)(4) of the Community Service Senior Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 3056l(c)(4)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and addressing additional indicators of performance’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘and additional indicators of performance’’. (f) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 517 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056o) is amended—. (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end, and inserting ‘‘$445,189,405 for fiscal year 2017, $454,499,494 for fiscal year 2018, and $463,809,605 for fiscal year 2019.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the 1st sentence— (i) by inserting ‘‘Federal’’ after ‘‘available for’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘July’’ and inserting ‘‘April’’; and (B) by inserting after the 1st sentence the following: ‘‘Such amounts obligated to grantees shall be available for obligation and expenditure by grantees during the program year that be-gins on July 1 of the calendar year imme-diately following the beginning of the fiscal year in which the amounts are appropriated and that ends on June 30 of the following cal-endar year.’’. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 518(a) of the Community Service Senior Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 3056p(a)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (8) as paragraphs (6) through (9), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) L
OCAL WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT  
BOARD ; STATE WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT  
BOARD .—The terms ‘local workforce develop-ment board’ and ‘State workforce develop-ment board’ have the meanings given the terms ‘local board’ and ‘State board’, respec-tively, in section 3 of the Workforce Innova-tion and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102).’’. 
SEC. 7. GRANTS FOR NATIVE AMERICANS. 
Section 643 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3057n) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through the semi-colon, and inserting ‘‘$31,934,018 for fiscal year 2017, $32,601,843 for fiscal year 2018, and $33,269,670 for fiscal year 2019;’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end, and inserting ‘‘$7,718,566 for fiscal year 2017, $7,879,982 for fiscal year 2018, and $8,041,398 for fiscal year 2019.’’. 
SEC. 8. VULNERABLE ELDER RIGHTS PROTEC-TION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 702 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3058a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end, and inserting ‘‘$16,280,630 for fiscal year 2017, $16,621,101 for fiscal year 2018, and $16,961,573 for fiscal year 2019.’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) O
THER PROGRAMS .—There are author-ized to be appropriated to carry out chapters 3 and 4, $4,891,876 for fiscal year 2017, $4,994,178 for fiscal year 2018, and $5,096,480 for fiscal year 2019.’’; and (3) by striking subsection (c). (b) O
MBUDSMAN DEFINITIONS .—Section 711(6) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3058f(6)) is amended by striking ‘‘older’’. (c) O
MBUDSMAN PROGRAMS .—Section 712 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3058g) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Ombudsman shall be re-sponsible for the management, including the fiscal management, of the Office.’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) are made by, or on behalf of, residents, including residents with limited or no deci-sionmaking capacity and who have no known legal representative, and if such a resident is unable to communicate consent for an Om-budsman to work on a complaint directly in-volving the resident, the Ombudsman shall seek evidence to indicate what outcome the resident would have communicated (and, in the absence of evidence to the contrary, shall assume that the resident wishes to have the resident’s health, safety, welfare, and rights protected) and shall work to ac-complish that outcome; and’’; (ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘reg-ular and timely’’ and inserting ‘‘regular, timely, private, and unimpeded’’; (iii) in subparagraph (H)(iii)— (I) by inserting ‘‘, actively encourage, and assist in’’ after ‘‘provide technical support for’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (iv) by redesignating subparagraph (I) as subparagraph (J); and (v) by inserting after subparagraph (H) the following: ‘‘(I) when feasible, continue to carry out the functions described in this section on be-half of residents transitioning from a long- term care facility to a home care setting; and’’; (C) in paragraph (5)(B)— (i) in clause (vi)— (I) by inserting ‘‘, actively encourage, and assist in’’ after ‘‘support’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (ii) by redesignating clause (vii) as clause (viii); and (iii) by inserting after clause (vi) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vii) identify, investigate, and resolve complaints described in clause (iii) that are made by or on behalf of residents with lim-ited or no decisionmaking capacity and who have no known legal representative, and if such a resident is unable to communicate consent for an Ombudsman to work on a complaint directly involving the resident, the Ombudsman shall seek evidence to indi-cate what outcome the resident would have communicated (and, in the absence of evi-dence to the contrary, shall assume that the resident wishes to have the resident’s health, safety, welfare, and rights protected) and shall work to accomplish that outcome; and’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘ac-cess’’ and inserting ‘‘private and unimpeded access’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘the medical and social records of a’’ and inserting ‘‘all files, records, and other information concerning a’’; and (bb) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘to con-sent’’ and inserting ‘‘to communicate con-sent’’; and (II) in clause (ii), in the matter before sub-clause (I), by striking ‘‘the records’’ and in-serting ‘‘the files, records, and information’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) HEALTH OVERSIGHT AGENCY .—For pur- poses of section 264(c) of the Health Insur-ance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (including regulations issued under that section) (42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note), the Ombuds-man and a representative of the Office shall be considered a ‘health oversight agency,’ so that release of residents’ individually identi-fiable health information to the Ombudsman or representative is not precluded in cases in which the requirements of clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (1)(B), or the requirements of paragraph (1)(D), are otherwise met.’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.004 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1476 March 21, 2016 
(3) in subsection (c)(2)(D), by striking ‘‘202(a)(21)’’ and inserting ‘‘202(a)(18)’’; (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘files’’ and inserting ‘‘files, records, and other infor-mation’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘files and records’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘files, records, and other information’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘files or records’’ and in-serting ‘‘files, records, or other informa-tion’’; and (II) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) notwithstanding subparagraph (B), en-sure that the Ombudsman may disclose in-formation as needed in order to best serve residents with limited or no decisionmaking capacity who have no known legal represent-ative and are unable to communicate con-sent, in order for the Ombudsman to carry out the functions and duties described in paragraphs (3)(A) and (5)(B) of subsection (a).’’; and (5) by striking subsection (f) and inserting the following: ‘‘(f) C
ONFLICT OF INTEREST .— ‘‘(1) I
NDIVIDUAL CONFLICT OF INTEREST .— The State agency shall— ‘‘(A) ensure that no individual, or member of the immediate family of an individual, in-volved in the designation of the Ombudsman (whether by appointment or otherwise) or the designation of an entity designated under subsection (a)(5), is subject to a con-flict of interest; ‘‘(B) ensure that no officer or employee of the Office, representative of a local Ombuds-man entity, or member of the immediate family of the officer, employee, or represent-ative, is subject to a conflict of interest; and ‘‘(C) ensure that the Ombudsman— ‘‘(i) does not have a direct involvement in the licensing or certification of a long-term care facility or of a provider of a long-term care service; ‘‘(ii) does not have an ownership or invest-ment interest (represented by equity, debt, or other financial relationship) in a long- term care facility or a long-term care serv-ice; ‘‘(iii) is not employed by, or participating in the management of, a long-term care fa-cility or a related organization, and has not been employed by such a facility or organiza-tion within 1 year before the date of the de-termination involved; ‘‘(iv) does not receive, or have the right to receive, directly or indirectly, remuneration (in cash or in kind) under a compensation ar-rangement with an owner or operator of a long-term care facility; ‘‘(v) does not have management responsi-bility for, or operate under the supervision of an individual with management responsi-bility for, adult protective services; and ‘‘(vi) does not serve as a guardian or in an-other fiduciary capacity for residents of long-term care facilities in an official capac-ity (as opposed to serving as a guardian or fi-duciary for a family member, in a personal capacity). ‘‘(2) O
RGANIZATIONAL CONFLICT OF INTER -
EST.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The State agency shall comply with subparagraph (B)(i) in a case in which the Office poses an organizational con-flict of interest, including a situation in which the Office is placed in an organization that— ‘‘(i) is responsible for licensing, certifying, or surveying long-term care services in the State; ‘‘(ii) is an association (or an affiliate of such an association) of long-term care facili-ties, or of any other residential facilities for older individuals; ‘‘(iii) provides long-term care services, in-cluding programs carried out under a Med-icaid waiver approved under section 1115 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315) or under subsection (b) or (c) of section 1915 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396n), or under a Medicaid State plan amendment under subsection (i), (j), or (k) of section 1915 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396n); ‘‘(iv) provides long-term care case manage-ment; ‘‘(v) sets rates for long-term care services; ‘‘(vi) provides adult protective services; ‘‘(vii) is responsible for eligibility deter-minations for the Medicaid program carried out under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); ‘‘(viii) conducts preadmission screening for placements in facilities described in clause (ii); or ‘‘(ix) makes decisions regarding admission or discharge of individuals to or from such facilities. ‘‘(B) IDENTIFYING , REMOVING , AND REM -
EDYING ORGANIZATIONAL CONFLICT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The State agency may not operate the Office or carry out the pro-gram, directly, or by contract or other ar-rangement with any public agency or non-profit private organization, in a case in which there is an organizational conflict of interest (within the meaning of subpara-graph (A)) unless such conflict of interest has been— ‘‘(I) identified by the State agency; ‘‘(II) disclosed by the State agency to the Assistant Secretary in writing; and ‘‘(III) remedied in accordance with this subparagraph. ‘‘(ii) A
CTION BY ASSISTANT SECRETARY .—In a case in which a potential or actual organiza-tional conflict of interest (within the mean-ing of subparagraph (A)) involving the Office is disclosed or reported to the Assistant Sec-retary by any person or entity, the Assistant Secretary shall require that the State agen-cy, in accordance with the policies and pro-cedures established by the State agency under subsection (a)(5)(D)(iii)— ‘‘(I) remove the conflict; or ‘‘(II) submit, and obtain the approval of the Assistant Secretary for, an adequate re-medial plan that indicates how the Ombuds-man will be unencumbered in fulfilling all of the functions specified in subsection (a)(3).’’; and (6) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (3)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘older’’; (B) in paragraph (4), by striking all that precedes ‘‘procedures’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) strengthen and update’’; (C) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (9) as paragraphs (5) through (10), re-spectively; (D) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) ensure that the Ombudsman or a des-ignee participates in training provided by the National Ombudsman Resource Center established in section 202(a)(18);’’; (E) in paragraph (6)(A), as redesignated by subparagraph (C) of this paragraph, by strik-ing ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graph (5)’’; (F) in paragraph (7)(A), as redesignated by subparagraph (C) of this paragraph, by strik-ing ‘‘subtitle C of the’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-title C of title I of the’’; and (G) in paragraph (10), as redesignated by subparagraph (C) of this paragraph, by strik-ing ‘‘(6), or (7)’’ and inserting ‘‘(7), or (8)’’. (d) OMBUDSMAN REGULATIONS .—Section 713 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3058h) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘para-graphs (1) and (2) of section 712(f)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 712(f)(1)’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘subpara-graphs (A) through (D) of section 712(f)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (i) through (vi) of sec-tion 712(f)(1)(C)’’. (e) P
REVENTION OF ELDER ABUSE , NEGLECT , 
ANDEXPLOITATION .—Section 721 of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3058i) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(including financial exploi-tation)’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (12) as paragraphs (6) through (13), respectively; (C) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) promoting the submission of data on elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation for the appropriate database of the Administration or another database specified by the Assist-ant Secretary;’’; (D) in paragraph (10)(C), as redesignated by subparagraph (B) of this paragraph— (i) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘, such as fo-rensic specialists,’’ after ‘‘such personnel’’; and (ii) in clause (v), by inserting before the comma the following: ‘‘, including programs and arrangements that protect against fi-nancial exploitation’’; and (E) in paragraph (12), as redesignated by subparagraph (B) of this paragraph— (i) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) supporting and studying innovative practices in communities to develop partner-ships across disciplines for the prevention, investigation, and prosecution of abuse, ne-glect, and exploitation; and’’; and (2) in subsection (e)(2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(9)(B)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(10)(B)(i)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(9)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(10)(B)(ii)’’. 
SEC. 9. BEHAVIORAL HEALTH. 
The Older Americans Act of 1965 is amend-ed— (1) in section 102 (42 U.S.C. 3002)— (A) in paragraph (14)(G), by inserting ‘‘and behavioral’’ after ‘‘mental’’; (B) in paragraph (36), by inserting ‘‘and be-havioral’’ after ‘‘mental’’; and (C) in paragraph (47)(B), by inserting ‘‘and behavioral’’ after ‘‘mental’’; (2) in section 201(f)(1) (42 U.S.C. 3011(f)(1)), by inserting ‘‘and behavioral’’ after ‘‘men-tal’’; (3) in section 202(a)(5) (42 U.S.C. 3012(a)(5)), by inserting ‘‘and behavioral’’ after ‘‘men-tal’’; (4) in section 306(a) (42 U.S.C. 3026(a))— (A) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘and behavioral’’ after ‘‘mental’’; and (B) in paragraph (6)(F), by striking ‘‘men-tal health services’’ each place such term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘mental and behavioral health services’’; and (5) in section 321(a) (42 U.S.C. 3030d)— (A) in paragraph (1), as amended by section 4(g), by inserting ‘‘and behavioral’’ after ‘‘mental’’; (B) in paragraph (14)(B), by inserting ‘‘and behavioral’’ after ‘‘mental’’; and (C) in paragraph (23), by inserting ‘‘and be-havioral’’ after ‘‘mental’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.004 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1477 March 21, 2016 
SEC. 10. GUIDANCE ON SERVING HOLOCAUST SURVIVORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Because the services under the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.) are critical to meeting the urgent needs of Holocaust survivors to age in place with dignity, comfort, security, and quality of life, the Assistant Secretary for Aging shall issue guidance to States, that shall be applicable to States, area agencies on aging, and providers of services for older individuals, with respect to serving Holo-caust survivors, including guidance on prom-ising practices for conducting outreach to that population. In developing the guidance, the Assistant Secretary for Aging shall con-sult with experts and organizations serving Holocaust survivors, and shall take into ac-count the possibility that the needs of Holo-caust survivors may differ based on geog-raphy. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The guidance shall include the following: (1) How nutrition service providers may meet the special health-related or other die-tary needs of participants in programs under the Older Americans Act of 1965, including needs based on religious, cultural, or ethnic requirements. (2) How transportation service providers may address the urgent transportation needs of Holocaust survivors. (3) How State long-term care ombudsmen may address the unique needs of residents of long-term care facilities for whom institu-tional settings may produce sights, sounds, smells, emotions, and routines, that can in-duce panic, anxiety, and retraumatization as a result of experiences from the Holocaust. (4) How supportive services providers may consider the unique needs of Holocaust sur-vivors. (5) How other services provided under that Act, as determined by the Assistant Sec-retary for Aging, may serve Holocaust sur-vivors. (c) D
ATE OF ISSUANCE .—The guidance de-scribed in subsection (a) shall be issued not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) and the gentle-woman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on S. 192. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in strong support of S. 192, the Older Americans Act Reauthor-ization Act of 2015. Mr. Speaker, for decades, the Older Americans Act has been a vital re-source for the Nation’s seniors. It es-tablished and has sustained a number of services, including nutrition serv-ices, family caregiver support, commu-nity service employment, and elder abuse prevention. These and other services have al-lowed seniors to stay active and inde-pendent. They have helped them live healthy, independent lives in their homes and their communities, and in many cases, they have enabled older Americans to remain out of institu-tional care. This bill updates and improves the law to ensure it continues to serve a senior population that has changed sig-nificantly since the Older Americans Act was first enacted more than 50 years ago. One of the hallmarks of the original law—and something that this reauthor-ization maintains and strengthens—is the flexibility it provides States and local entities to serve the specific needs of seniors in their communities. This bipartisan legislation maintains that strong commitment to State and local control and makes a number of commonsense reforms to the law. For example, the bill includes spe-cific measures to better protect seniors from abuse and neglect. Among those measures is a provision to strengthen a program designed to investigate and resolve complaints from residents of nursing home facilities and other adult care homes. It also clarifies respon-sibilities related to the development and implementation of programs re-lated to the health and economic wel-fare of older individuals. The bill also continues support for Senior Medicare Patrol, a program that helps train senior volunteers to prevent and identify healthcare fraud and abuse. Congress should continue to fund this important initiative because it is good for seniors and it helps save taxpayer dollars by protecting the in-tegrity of healthcare programs. Additionally, this legislation im-proves alignment between existing pro-grams designed to provide employment and community service opportunities to older Americans. It simplifies and clarifies how services are funded and includes responsible and defined au-thorization levels. These are just a few of the important changes and updates this bill makes, in addition to the many vital services it continues, to help seniors age with dig-nity and independence. I urge my colleagues to support the reauthorization of the Older Americans Act. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to start by thanking Chair-man K
LINE and Ranking Member S COTT for working to bring this important legislation to the floor today. Reau-thorizing the Older Americans Act has been one of my top priorities. Over the years, I have sponsored legislation to strengthen essential programs that help keep seniors healthy and inde-pendent. Seniors in Oregon and across the country know how important the Older Americans Act programs are, so I have met with them to discuss ideas for improving the law, and I have advo-cated for funding for Older Americans Act programs and services. All along, my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have been committed to reauthorizing this important law. On behalf of seniors across the coun-try, I thank my colleagues for their support for this legislation before the House—a 3-year reauthorization of the Older Americans Act. I also want to thank the advocacy community and service delivery groups for their ongoing support for a strong, bipartisan reauthorization. Backing from a wide range of groups that are dedicated to the well-being of Amer-ica’s seniors helped make possible the legislation we are considering today. Every day in our country, about 10,000 people turn 65. As the population of older adults continues to grow, we have a responsibility, as policymakers, to reevaluate and bolster the programs that keep seniors healthy, active, and engaged in their communities. The leg-islation we are considering will help older Americans from all backgrounds lead meaningful lives with dignity by continuing to support the delivery of health, transportation, and nutrition services to seniors in every State. This legislation includes modest in-creases in authorization levels, build-ing on the amounts appropriated in the Fiscal Year 2016 Omnibus Appropria-tions Act. Investments for currently funded Older Americans Act programs are overdue and will help meet the growing demand placed on these pro-grams and services. Increasing investments in programs like Meals on Wheels, which serves thousands of seniors, many of whom are homebound or low-income, will allow more adults to stay in their homes, where they can remain con-nected to their communities and avoid costlier long-term care. For many adults, the hot meal they get from Meals on Wheels is the only one they will get that day. The volun-teers who deliver the meal may provide their only social interaction, which is important for all seniors, but espe-cially for those in isolated or rural areas. Significantly, this legislation pro-vides tools to curb both financial and physical elder abuse by promoting proven strategies for responding to elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation. According to the Elder Justice Coali-tion, there are more than 6 million vic-tims of elder abuse every year—rough-ly 1 out of every 10 people over age 60. According to the National Center on Elder Abuse, victims of elder financial abuse lose an estimated $2.9 billion a year, and too often they lose their en-tire life savings. I am pleased that this legislation continues to address the problem of elder abuse and takes steps to make sure older adults are not robbed of their resources or denied the dignity they deserve. In addition, my colleague from Flor-ida has expressed support for the Sen-ior Medicare Patrol, a program that helps train senior volunteers to pre-vent and identify healthcare fraud and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.004 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1478 March 21, 2016 
abuse. I want to reiterate support for this program and note that the Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee supports full funding for this impor-tant initiative, which should not come at the expense of funding other pro-grams. The Senior Medicare Patrol saves taxpayer dollars by protecting the in-tegrity of healthcare programs. The re-turn on investment for Older Ameri-cans Act programs is undeniable, and this is certainly the case for Senior Medicare Patrol as well. Americans are living longer, more productive lives, and our policies need to keep pace. Older adults should not have to struggle to afford reliable transportation, nutritious food, and high-quality supportive services. Con-gress will need to continue to invest in and modernize services for seniors so all older adults, including LGBT elders and older individuals from diverse ra-cial and ethnic backgrounds, have ac-cess to programs that keep them healthy and engaged in their commu-nities. This legislation is an important step forward. I am glad that Congress is coming together today with bipartisan support to recognize the valuable role that Older Americans Act programs play across the country. These pro-grams work. Reauthorizing them means that America’s seniors and their caregivers will continue to receive the services, resources, and support they need. Mr. Speaker, the reauthorization we are considering today is an important way to recognize that in the United States of America, our seniors—our parents and grandparents across the country—deserve to live healthy, ful-filling lives and live them with dignity. I, again, thank Ranking Member S
COTT and Chairman K LINE for their leadership. I also want to thank the hardworking staff on both sides of the aisle for their dedication to improving the lives of all Americans. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. K
LINE), the distin-guished chairman of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, who has worked tirelessly on this reauthoriza-tion. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding the time. I rise today in strong support of this legislation reauthorizing the Older Americans Act. Since it was first enacted, this act has been a vital resource for America’s seniors and their caregivers. Through a wide range of services, it has helped older individuals enjoy their independ-ence and stay active, both in their homes and in their communities. However, much has changed in the last 50 years. Today, Americans are liv-ing longer, and the senior population is significantly larger and more inde-pendent than it once was. What hasn’t changed is the responsibility we have to take care of our seniors. That is why, in addition to continuing the vital support established by the Older Americans Act, this reauthorization makes a number of important improve-ments to ensure the law is still pro-viding the kind of help American sen-iors need. First, it provides better protections for our most vulnerable seniors. The bill promotes best practices for re-sponding to abuse, neglect, and exploi-tation, strengthens protections for all residents of long-term care facilities, and improves the coordination of ac-tivities between State and local aging offices. Other important updates include measures to streamline and improve how the programs under the law are administered. Too often taxpayer dol-lars go to programs that are outdated, ineffective, or simply not being used as they could be. That is why this bill streamlines programs and makes im-provements to ensure program coordi-nation and efficiency. The legislation also makes changes to nutrition services programs to ac-count for geographic changes in the senior population. Furthermore, the bill better aligns job training services for older Ameri-cans with the broader workforce devel-opment system. In 2014, Congress passed the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to provide a more effi-cient, streamlined workforce training system that would help put Americans back to work. This legislation builds on that law by providing seniors access to a less confusing and more seamless workforce development system. These are just some of the things this bill does to better serve those individ-uals the law is intended to support. We have made a commitment to help those who want and deserve to enjoy inde-pendence and contribute to their com-munities as they grow older. This bill will help ensure that we are not only honoring that commitment, but that we are honoring it well. In closing, I want to thank my col-leagues—Representatives CARLOS  C
URBELO , V IRGINIA FOXX, S UZANNE  B
ONAMICI , and R UBE´NHINOJOSA —for their continued leadership on this issue and in helping move this important piece of legislation forward. We are grateful for their efforts. I urge my colleagues to support the legislation. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. S
COTT), the ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the legislation today, which provides for a 3-year reau-thorization of the Older Americans Act. Mr. Speaker, the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce has been committed to seeing this legislation through. I want to particularly thank, on our side, the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. HINOJOSA , and Rep-resentative B
ONAMICI . I want to thank them and Chairman K
LINE, Representa-tive C
URBELO , and all of the members of our committee, for making the pas-sage of this bill a reality. As ranking member of the Com-mittee on Education and the Work-force, I have the privilege of working on legislation that affects Americans throughout their lives, from childhood into advanced age. The Older Ameri-cans Act was first passed 50 years ago as part of President Johnson’s War on Poverty to help older Americans live in dignity and stay connected to their communities by receiving essential so-cial and nutrition services. b1630 Today, the commitment to our Na-tion’s seniors is more important than ever. One in 10 Americans over the age of 65 lives in poverty, and older Ameri-cans are also working longer—some be-cause they want to but many because they have to so that they can secure their financial futures in the face of re-tirement insecurity. The spectrum of services provided through the Older Americans Act, in conjunction with Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Secu-rity, ensures that our Nation’s older Americans are not left behind in their golden years. The Pew Research Center reports that the elderly population is expected to double by 2015, and without mean-ingful investments in services for our seniors, too many Americans who have worked hard all of their lives will be left struggling in their later years. Unfortunately, since 2009, the Older Americans Act’s funding has actually dropped. Failing to invest in the Older Americans Act is bad for seniors, and it is bad for our country. Providing our seniors with health services, nutrition, and the supportive services they need makes them less likely to suffer illness or injury, less likely to incur expensive hospital visits, and more likely to live independently. These investments bring dignity to the lives of our sen-iors, and they, ultimately, will result in a significant savings to taxpayers. I am proud that we were able to agree on increased funding for these important programs. Had our invest-ments in these programs kept up with inflation and the growing population, the funding levels would have actually been higher, but, thankfully, we can fi-nally say that we are moving in the right direction. Vice President Hubert Humphrey once stated that the moral test of gov-ernment is how that government treats those who are in the dawn of life, our children; those who are in the twilight of life, our elderly; and those who are in the shadows of life. It is my hope that, by protecting and enhancing the Federal statutes to support our older Americans, we will be passing this test. Again, I thank my colleagues for their support of this legislation. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.018 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1479 March 21, 2016 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO). Mr. D
EFAZIO. I thank the gentle-woman for yielding and for her work, and thank the subcommittee chair and chair regarding this issue. Mr. Speaker, I might be the only Member of Congress who has ever worked under the Older Americans Act. Another young man and I—obviously, many years ago—started the first Sen-ior Companion Program in region 6, the Pacific Northwest. These employment programs are fab-ulous. There are two things that we need to keep in mind for seniors. The first is the vulnerability of many: the economic vulnerability, the nutritional vulnerability, their medical vulnerabil-ity, and the needs that have to be served there. The other is that a lot of people are retired—over the age of 60— who still have a tremendous amount to contribute to this country. Through the Older Americans Act and these Senior Community Service Employment Programs, we are, actu-ally, utilizing their talents. The par-ticular program I ran employed 60 low- income seniors to go out and work in the community with other even more vulnerable seniors, who were in their homes, in order to try and keep them in their homes, to keep them inde-pendent—a better quality of life for them and a heck of a savings for the taxpayer—because nobody can afford nursing homes in America except the richest among us. Inevitably, when seniors have to go into nursing homes, they are going to end up on Medicaid at some point, which is very expensive. So, if we can keep them at home, they are happier, and we save money. On the other vulnerabilities, nutri-tional vulnerability is the largest bulk. The single largest category under the Older Americans Act goes to the nutri-tion programs, which are the senior Congregate Meal sites and the Meals on Wheels. I would urge anybody who is not particularly familiar with these programs to go to one or the other and see how important this is to so many millions of older Americans every year. Often, the only time they will see other people in a day is if they are at the sen-ior Congregate Meal sites or if they are at home and someone shows up with Meals on Wheels. I have delivered Meals on Wheels and have seen seniors, basically, just cry to be getting a little bit of attention at home and getting a meal that will get them through the day. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. BONAMICI. I yield the gen-tleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. D
EFAZIO. It is wonderful that we are reauthorizing this, but the funding levels are inadequate. If you look at it over time, the senior population has grown dramatically, and those in need have grown dramatically; yet the fund-ing, if you look back 10 years or so, in adjusted dollars, is actually less today. It is great we are reauthorizing it, but we do need to look for more funding. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. PETERS ). Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, in San Diego and across the country, seniors depend on the programs for health care, for meals, and for other essential services that are included in the Older Americans Act. These programs help ensure that our seniors age success-fully and with dignity. Serving Seniors, which is here today from San Diego to support the reau-thorization of the Older Americans Act, will be able to continue to provide meals and other services to seniors at the Gary and Mary West Center. Meals- on-Wheels of Greater San Diego will have the certainty that it needs to keep delivering meals to seniors in their homes, and the County of San Diego will have more resources and in-formation to combat elder abuse. Together, we will continue to hold senior scam seminars in San Diego to equip members of our senior commu-nity with the tools they need to avoid being scammed. For many seniors, an important part of aging with dignity is having the support of caregivers in their families. Improving the National Family Caregiver Support Program will continue to give these caregivers a network of information and services to care for their loved ones. As an active member of the House Seniors Task Force, I am committed to protecting the viability of Medicare and Social Security, which seniors have earned over lifetimes of hard work. By preventing Medicare fraud and abuse, this legislation will save on long-term costs and help keep Medi-care viable. I urge my colleagues to stand up for seniors and support the passage of the bipartisan Older Americans Act. I thank leadership on both sides of the aisle for working on this. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In the United States, its population of older adults is projected to increase from approximately 57 million people, who were aged 60 and older in 2010, to about 76 million older adults by our next census in 2020. Despite the rapid rise in the population of seniors and the growing strain that has been placed on important services for older individ-uals, Congress allowed the Older Amer-icans Act to expire in 2011. Fortu-nately, today, the House has the oppor-tunity to pass a reauthorization of the Older Americans Act, and it is not a moment too soon. This legislation increases the Federal investment in Older Americans Act programs, which serve millions of sen-iors in towns, in cities, and in rural areas across the United States. Reau-thorizing these programs means that older adults will continue to receive nutritious meals, legal assistance, pre-ventative health care, and other essen-tial services that make it possible for them to live independently and to age with dignity. I agree with my colleague from Or-egon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) that, if one hasn’t been to one of these programs, one should definitely go and spend some time with the people who are receiving these services. It is very meaningful. It changes their lives. I also thank my friend and colleague from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) as well as Ranking Member S
COTT and Chairman K
LINE for their commitment to Amer-ica’s seniors. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan measure to reauthorize the Older Americans Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. The important services that are pro-vided by the Older Americans Act help us to achieve a goal that we can all get behind—that of supporting the coun-try’s seniors in helping them maintain the active, productive lives they desire. As I see it, that is not just a goal—it is our responsibility. The seniors we are talking about are veterans, parents, grandparents, teachers, caregivers, la-borers, job creators. They are individ-uals who have worked hard all of their lives, who have helped this country grow and expand, and who, in a lot of ways, have supported many of us throughout our own lives. It is now on us to help support them in their senior years. This reauthoriza-tion will do just that, which is why it has support from Members on both sides of the aisle and from nearly 50 groups, including the AARP, the Na-tional Association of Area Agencies on Aging, Meals on Wheels America, and the National Association of States United for Aging and Disabilities. It will enable older Americans to re-main independent, to continue contrib-uting to their communities, and to re-main in their homes with their families and among their friends. Many seniors are fortunate enough to have loved ones who are already helping them stay active and who are already look-ing out for their best interests. Unfor-tunately, there are many seniors who are not so fortunate. This bipartisan bill will help those individuals live out their years with dignity whether they are in their homes or in long-term care facilities. I believe that is an effort we can all support. I thank Chairman K
LINE, Ranking Member S
COTT, and my friend and col-league from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). This is a wonderful model for bipar-tisan work—for working together—to help vulnerable people in our country. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the House Amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.019 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1480 March 21, 2016 
to S. 192, the Older Americans Act Reauthor-ization Act of 2015. It has been nearly ten years since Congress last reauthorized the Older Americans Act (OAA), making today’s amendment and the reforms in the underlying bill long overdue. Last year marked the 50th Anniversary of the OAA and its many social services and pro-grams that continue to provide a critical safety net for seniors around the country. This in-cludes supportive services, nutrition services— whether at group sites or home-delivered pro-grams such as ‘‘meals on wheels’’—family caregiver support, community service employ-ment, and services to protect seniors from and prevent abuse, neglect, and exploitation. In New Jersey, the Department of Human Services Division of Aging Services uses OAA funds to serve more than 500,000 individuals. From 2000 to 2010, New Jersey saw a 15 percent increase in individuals age 60 and older, representing 19 percent of the state population. By 2030, it is projected that those 60 and older will represent over 25 percent of the state population, making OAA services and programs more critical than ever. Among many reforms, S. 192 contains pro-visions to reduce elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation in long term facilities, improve fed-eral collaboration with state and local agencies and service providers on the modernization of senior centers, and improve care coordination for those with multiple chronic conditions with services through health care entities such as Federally Qualified Health Centers (FQHCs). It reforms funding allocations to ensure that money follows the person, helping maximize the number of seniors reached by the OAA’s services and programs. It permits state grant programs to begin providing support services for chronic condition self-care management and falls prevention. It also requires states to utilize a dietician in its nutrition projects and encourage the use of locally grown foods—as well as partnerships and contracts with local producers and providers—in meal programs. The ad-hoc means of funding these pro-grams over the last several years has made them less secure and efficient. As our popu-lation ages, it is imperative that we preserve access to these and other services that enable senior citizens to live healthy and productive lives, and give seniors the security and con-fidence they need when planning for their fu-ture medical care and financial security. To-day’s vote will protect and improve OAA’s vital programs to assist and protect older Ameri-cans, allowing them to maintain their inde-pendence and quality of life during retirement. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 192, the ‘‘Older Ameri-cans Act Reauthorization Act of 2015,’’ which amends the Older Americans Act of 1965 (OAA), to require the Director of the Office of Long-Term Care Ombudsman Programs to collect and analyze best practices to prevent and respond to elder abuse, neglect, and ex-ploitation in long-term care facilities, and to publish a report to document best practices to achieve these goals. S. 192 also requires the administration to provide information and technical assistance to State and local agencies on aging as well as service providers. S. 192 also mandates the development of a consumer-friendly tool to assist older individ-uals and their families in choosing home and community-based services, with a particular focus on ways for consumers to assess how providers protect the health, safety, welfare, and rights of older individuals. S. 192 directs the administration to ensure that programs authorized under the OAA in-clude training in the prevention of abuse, ne-glect, and exploitation and provision of serv-ices that address elder justice and exploitation of older individuals. S. 192 also reauthorizes appropriations for specified supportive services, congregate nu-trition services, home delivered nutrition serv-ices, disease prevention, health promotion services, and family caregiver support. Mr. Speaker, S. 192 will increase public awareness of elder abuse, neglect, and exploi-tation, and remove barriers to education, pre-vention, investigation, and treatment of elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation. Mr. Speaker, it has been noted often that the moral test of government is how it treats those in the dawn of life, our children; those in the shadows of life, the sick and infirm; and those in the twilight of life, the elderly. I urge my colleagues to support S. 192 be-cause it makes a significant contribution to meeting our obligations to our senior citizens who have done so much to make our country great. Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the House amendment to S. 192, Older Americans Act Reauthorization Act of 2015, which passed by unanimous consent in the Senate. I commend my chairman, Mr. K
LINE, and Ranking Member Scott for their leadership and bringing this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, about one (1) in every seven (7) Americans or 14 percent of the population is considered an ‘‘Older American’’—aged 65 or older. As more ‘‘baby boomers’’ enter retire-ment, it is critical for Congress to update this law as the major vehicle for the delivery of so-cial and nutritional programs for older persons and their caregivers—and to help seniors maintain their independence and dignity. According to a national survey of Older Americans Act participants, 91 percent indi-cated that the home-delivery nutrition program helped them stay in their own home. Addition-ally, 60 percent of participants indicated that a single home-delivered meal provided one-half or more of their total food for the day. In my Congressional District, access to these transportation services is sometimes the only way our seniors can go to the doctor’s of-fice or to the grocery store. I am pleased that this bill also provides community service em-ployment, adult day care, respite care, trans-portation services, legal assistance, long-term care and a range of programs protecting the rights of vulnerable seniors from fraud and ex-ploitation. For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote for the House amendment to S. 192. America’s seniors deserve nothing less. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 192, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. COUNTERTERRORISM SCREENING AND ASSISTANCE ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4314) to require a plan to combat international travel by terrorists and foreign fighters, accelerate the transfer of certain border security systems to foreign partner governments, establish minimum international border secu-rity standards, authorize the suspen-sion of foreign assistance to countries not making significant efforts to com-ply with such minimum standards, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4314 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Counterter-rorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. FOREIGN PARTNER ENGAGEMENT PLAN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Consistent with the final re-port of the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives bipartisan ‘‘Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel’’, Congress makes the following findings: (1) It is important for the national security of the United States to assist foreign part-ners in closing security gaps which may allow terrorists and foreign fighters to travel internationally, avoiding detection. (2) Building foreign partner capacity to combat terrorist travel helps extend the United States security beyond its border to mitigate threats before they reach the United States. (3) United States Government departments and agencies have spent billions of dollars to help foreign partners improve their security against terrorist travel since the attacks of September 11, 2001, including through the provision of technical assistance, equipment, training, and other tools. (4) The lack of a United States Govern-mentwide, risk-based approach increases the odds that systematic security gaps abroad may persist and that United States response efforts will not be maximized in order to close these gaps. (5) Failure to effectively coordinate capac-ity-building activities also results in greater risk of overlap, waste, and unnecessary du-plication between the United States and international programs. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States Government must ensure capacity-building assistance is coordinated both among United States Gov-ernment departments and agencies as well as with foreign implementing partners, and as-sistance should be prioritized for the high-est-risk countries for travel by terrorists and foreign fighters. (c) P
LAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and every two years thereafter at the time of the President’s budget submission to Con-gress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, until 2022, the Secretary of State shall, in accordance with the protec-tion of intelligence sources and methods, de-velop and submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees unclassified and classified versions of a foreign partner engagement plan which catalogues existing capacity- building initiatives abroad to combat travel by terrorists and foreign fighters and identi-fies areas for adjustment to align ongoing ef-forts with risk-based priorities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.010 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1481 March 21, 2016 
(2) C OORDINATION .—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall be developed in coordina-tion with all relevant United States Govern-ment departments and agencies and in con-sultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Defense, the Attorney General, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation. (3) C
ONTENTS .—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall— (A) include an assessment of all countries and whether each country is high-risk, me-dium-risk, or low-risk for travel by terror-ists and foreign fighters based on the min-imum standards described in section 4(b), as well as— (i) an identification of the number of flights that originate from last points of de-parture in each country to the United States; (ii) visa waiver program status or visa ap-plication and denial rates for each country; (iii) recent threats, terrorist and foreign fighter travel trends, and the overall terror threat environment in each country; and (iv) other criteria as determined by the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Homeland Security; (B) detail existing United States Govern-ment programs, projects, and activities which are intended to or have the substan-tial effect of building the capacity of such countries to combat travel by terrorists and foreign fighters, including estimated spend-ing levels by country where practicable; and (C) outline a plan for prioritizing United States Government resources toward high- risk and medium-risk countries, including— (i) identifying efforts which should be re-formed, consolidated, or eliminated; and (ii) detailing new programs, projects, or ac-tivities that are requested, being planned, or are undergoing implementation and associ-ated costs. 
SEC. 3. SHARING SYSTEMS AND EQUIPMENT TO OBSTRUCT TRAVEL BY TERRORISTS AND FOREIGN FIGHTERS. 
(a) B ORDER SECURITY AND COUNTERTER -
RORISM SCREENING TOOLS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (d), the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of State shall accelerate the provi-sion of appropriate versions of the following systems to foreign governments: (A) U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Automated Targeting System—Global. (B) The Department of State’s Personal Identification Secure Comparison and Eval-uation System. (2) P
RIORITIZATION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of State shall coordinate to prioritize the pro-vision of the systems specified in paragraph (1) to countries determined to be high-risk and medium-risk in the foreign partner en-gagement plan required under section 2. (b) E
QUIPMENT TRANSFER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of State, is authorized to provide, with or without re-imbursement, excess nonlethal equipment and supplies owned by the Department of Homeland Security to a foreign government. (2) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security is authorized to provide equipment and supplies pursuant to para-graph (1) if the Secretary determines that the provision of such equipment and supplies would— (A) further the homeland security interests of the United States; and (B) enhance the recipient government’s ca-pacity to— (i) mitigate the risk or threat of terrorism, infectious disease, or natural disaster; (ii) protect and expedite lawful trade and travel; or (iii) enforce intellectual property rights. (3) LIMITATION ON TRANSFER .—The Sec-retary of Homeland Security may not— (A) provide any equipment or supplies that are designated as items on the United States Munitions List pursuant to section 38 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2778); or (B) provide any vessel or aircraft pursuant to this subsection. (4) R
ELATED TRAINING .—In conjunction with a provision of equipment or supplies pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security may provide such equip-ment-related or supplies-related training and assistance as the Secretary determines to be necessary. (5) M
AINTENANCE OF TRANSFERRED EQUIP -
MENT .—The Secretary of Homeland Security may provide for the maintenance of trans-ferred equipment or supplies through service contracts or other means, with or without reimbursement, as the Secretary determines appropriate. (6) R
EIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security is authorized to collect payment from the recipient govern-ment for the provision of training, shipping costs, supporting materials, maintenance, supplies, or other assistance in support of provided equipment or supplies under this subsection. (7) R
ECEIPTS CREDITED AS OFFSETTING COL -
LECTIONS .—Notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code, any amount col-lected under this subsection— (A) shall be credited as offsetting collec-tions, subject to appropriations, to the ac-count that finances the activities and serv-ices for which the payment is received; and (B) shall remain available until expended for the purpose of providing for the security interests of the homeland. (8) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed as affecting, augmenting, or diminishing the authority of the Secretary of State. (9) D
EFINITION .—For the purposes of this section, the term ‘‘excess nonlethal equip-ment and supplies’’ means equipment and supplies the Secretary of Homeland Security has determined is either not required for United States domestic operations, or would be more effective to homeland security if de-ployed for use outside of the United States. (c) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days be-fore providing any systems or equipment or supplies under this section, the Secretary of Homeland Security and Secretary of State shall provide notification to the appropriate congressional committees of such provision. (2) C
ONTENTS .—A notification required under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) The specific vulnerability that will be mitigated by the provision of any systems or equipment or supplies under this section. (B) An explanation as to why the recipient is unable or unwilling to independently ac-quire such systems or equipment or supplies. (C) An evacuation plan for any sensitive technologies in case of emergency or insta-bility in the country to which such systems or equipment or supplies is being provided. (D) How the United States Government will ensure that such systems or equipment or supplies are being maintained appro-priately and used as intended. (E) The total dollar value of such systems, equipment, and supplies. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority provided under this section shall be exercised in ac-cordance with applicable provisions of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.), the Export Administration Regula-tions, or any other similar provision of law. (2) DEFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘Export Administration Regulations’’ means— (A) the Export Administration Regulations as maintained and amended under the au-thority of the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) and codified in subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations; or (B) any successor regulations. 
SEC. 4. ACTIONS WITH RESPECT TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES THAT FAIL TO MEET MINIMUM STANDARDS FOR SERIOUS AND SUSTAINED EFFORTS TO COM-BAT TERRORIST AND FOREIGN FIGHTER TRAVEL. 
(a) R EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than April 30 of each year through 2021, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report with respect to the status of efforts of for-eign governments to combat terrorist and foreign fighter travel. The report shall in-clude the following: (A) A list of those foreign countries, if any, to which the minimum standards for serious and sustained efforts to combat terrorist and foreign fighter travel as described in sub-section (b) are applicable and whose govern-ments comply with such standards. (B) A list of those foreign countries, if any, to which the minimum standards for serious and sustained efforts to combat terrorist and fighter travel as described in subsection (b) are applicable and whose governments do not yet fully comply with such standards but are making significant efforts to bring them-selves into compliance. (C) A list of those foreign countries, if any, to which the minimum standards for serious and sustained efforts to combat terrorist and foreign fighter travel as described in sub-section (b) are applicable and whose govern-ments do not fully comply with such stand-ards and are not making significant efforts to bring themselves into compliance. (D) A description for each foreign country identified in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of the areas in which the government of the foreign country does not meet the minimum stand-ards for serious and sustained efforts to com-bat terrorist and foreign fighter travel as de-scribed in subsection (b). (2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex, if necessary. (3) I
NCLUSION IN COUNTRY REPORTS ON TER -
RORISM .—To the maximum extent prac-ticable, the Secretary of State, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, should incorporate the report required by paragraph (1) into the annual country re-ports on terrorism submitted pursuant to section 140 of the Foreign Relations Author-ization Act, Fiscal Years 1988 and 1989 (22 U.S.C. 2656f). (b) M
INIMUM STANDARDS DESCRIBED .—The minimum standards for serious and sus-tained efforts to combat terrorist and for-eign fighter travel applicable to the govern-ment of a foreign country are the following: (1) The government of the country makes meaningful efforts to identify and monitor terrorists and foreign fighters operating within the territory of the country. (2) The government of the country regu-larly exchanges substantive counterter-rorism information with other foreign gov-ernments, including the United States Gov-ernment, through bilateral or multilateral channels and international organizations such as INTERPOL, and cooperates with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.009 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1482 March 21, 2016 
other foreign governments in the investiga-tion and prosecution of terrorists and foreign fighters. (3) The government of the country imple-ments effective border controls or partici-pates in an existing border-crossing control regime that has been determined by the United States Government to employ effec-tive border-crossing oversight. (4) The government of the country has con-trols and systems in place to prevent and re-port upon counterfeiting, forgery, and, fraud-ulent use or possession of false, stolen or lost identity papers and travel documents. (5) The government of the country collects air passenger data and employs evidence- based traveler risk assessment and screening procedures, including collection and analysis of travel data. (6) The government of the country appro-priately screens travelers, including vetting of travelers at air, sea, and land ports of entry, against counterterrorism and other criminal databases, as appropriate. (7) The government of the country submits information to INTERPOL databases and screens travelers against INTERPOL data-bases at ports of entry and exit. (8) The government of the country has es-tablished and implemented domestic laws criminalizing material support to foreign terrorist organizations and has the ability and willingness to prosecute cases involving such material support to foreign terrorist or-ganizations. (9) The government of the country takes measures to prevent individuals in its terri-tory from traveling abroad to enlist with or provide material support to foreign terrorist organizations. (10) The government of the country takes measures to ensure a minimal level of cor-ruption and likelihood that corruption could impact the veracity of security and intel-ligence reporting from the country, a mini-mal likelihood that such corruption could adversely affect the legitimacy of national identity papers of the country, and the coun-try does not shelter suspects from investiga-tion and prosecution. (11) The government of a country is not de-termined to be a high-risk program country under section 217(c)(12) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8. U.S.C. 1187(c)(12)). (c) S
USPENSION OF ASSISTANCE .—The Sec- retary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appro-priate, is authorized to suspend nonhumani-tarian, nontrade-related foreign assistance to any government of a foreign country if the foreign country is identified in subpara-graph (C) of subsection (a)(1) in the most re-cent report submitted to the appropriate congressional committees under such sub-section. 
SEC. 5. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-atives. (2) F
OREIGN TERRORIST ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘foreign terrorist organization’’ means an organization that is designated as a for-eign terrorist organization pursuant to sec-tion 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). (3) N
ONHUMANITARIAN , NONTRADE -RELATED  
FOREIGN ASSISTANCE .—The term ‘‘non-humanitarian, nontrade-related foreign as-sistance’’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). SEC. 6. PROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDING. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. B
ERA) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on H.R. 4314. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Let me begin by thanking Mr. Z
ELDIN  of New York for his work on H.R. 4314, the Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act, as well as to thank the other members of the Committee on Homeland Security’s bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and For-eign Fighter Travel. Under the leadership of Chairman M
CCAUL and with the significant con-tributions of Mr. K
ATKO of New York and the Foreign Affairs Committee, we unanimously approved this measure in January. Mr. Speaker, the reason we did goes back to a little bit of history. Al Qaeda planned the 9/11 attacks from Afghanistan because they had the capacity to do so—to plan an attack there on the United States. Now, ISIS controls significant territory. They control that territory in Syria, in Iraq, in Libya. As long as terrorist groups maintain these safe havens abroad, where they can work on new forms of munitions, bombing, and go through trial runs on how they carry out an at-tack, as a consequence, we are under a threat here on our homeland, much like the situation prior to 9/11. b1645 The perpetrators of the horrific at-tack that we all saw on that coverage out of Paris that killed 130—those killed were European nationals. Those who did those murders had trained to fight in Syria. They had traveled by train. They returned to Europe through Greece and through Turkey. Despite the fact that many of those local attackers were known by authori-ties, they were still able to move across borders. They moved without detection. In some cases, they moved with those fraudulent passports from Syria. Given the high number of foreign fighters returning home from that ISIS stronghold in Syria and from the ISIS training camps in Iraq—and, frankly, from Libya as well, we have now heard—there is a recognized and urgent need for improved border security and information sharing between govern-ments. This bill is a way to get there be-cause this threat is not just limited, by the way, to us in the United States and to Europe. Earlier this month terrorists who had received training inside Libya were killed by Tunisian security forces dur-ing an attempted attack inside Tuni-sia. So these attacks now demonstrate how easy it has become for terrorists and for foreign fighters to move across open borders. This legislation makes several im-portant changes to how border security is administered. It improves the tools deployed at the border. It increases the border security coordination between Allied states. It does it in the following way: This legislation requires the Departments of State and Homeland Security to produce an annual scorecard assessing the border security efforts of countries around the world. This is going to identify the weak-nesses and areas for improvement abroad. It will also mandate a stream-lining of our own efforts to assist part-ners overseas with their border secu-rity programs. The administration will then submit a plan to Congress for prioritizing U.S. assistance on this. This bill requires the establishment of minimum standards for border secu-rity on the part of our Allied states. Countries that fail to meet these min-imum standards can have U.S. foreign assistance suspended, cut off, employ-ing the same incentive already in place that we use today in order to force compliance against human trafficking overseas, against those states that commit human rights violations. Many of the Members here are famil-iar with how we leverage those states to force them to pass legislation and change the way in which they address these issues. We are going to deploy the same leverage here. So this bill reflects the recommenda-tions made by our colleagues on the Homeland Security’s bipartisan task force on combating terrorists and for-eign fighter travel, which we have worked together on. The Foreign Af-fairs Committee has worked with the Homeland Security Committee on that. I again thank Mr. L
EEZELDIN for his leadership and for his work to make our Nation safer against this terrorist threat. I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, March 3, 2016. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing with respect to H.R. 4314, the ‘‘Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 4314 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.009 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1483 March 21, 2016 
that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our Committee from further con-sideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consider-ation. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 4314 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 4314, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 4314. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, March 16, 2016. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, House Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 4314, the Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016, and for agreeing to be discharged from further con-sideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, or prejudice its ju-risdictional prerogatives on this bill or simi-lar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 4314 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE  Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, March 18, 2016. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing to you concerning the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on Homeland Security in H.R. 4314, the ‘‘Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016.’’ The bill con-tains provisions that fall within the jurisdic-tion of the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. I recognize and appreciate the desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Home-land Security will forego consideration of this bill. The Committee takes this action with the mutual understanding that by fore-going action at this time we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter con-tained in this or similar legislation. This waiver is also given with the under-standing that the Committee on Homeland Security expressly reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any House-Senate con-ference on this or any similar legislation, and requests your support for such a request. I ask that a copy of this letter and your re-sponse be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, March 18, 2016. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 4314, the Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016, and for agreeing to be discharged from further con-sideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would sup-port your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 4314 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this measure. Let me thank Chairman R
OYCE for his leadership on the Foreign Affairs Committee and, also, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) for bring-ing this bill forward. Violence in recent months has shown us that the threat of violent extremism isn’t isolated to particular countries or regions. More and more we see the dan-ger posed by terrorists and foreign fighters when they can cross borders unimpeded. So the United States, along with our allies and partners, need to do what-ever we can to stop those dangerous in-dividuals as they cross from country to country. This bill would help us move in that direction. Here at home, this legislation would ramp up coordination among govern-ment agencies dealing with this prob-lem. I would call on the administration for a specific plan laying out how we are going to meet this challenge. Around the world, it would help gov-ernments by speeding the transfer of software and technology we can use to track people entering a country, to col-lect biometric data, and to figure out what sort of risks they might present. It would prioritize the sharing of spe-cific border security systems with for-eign partners. It would put a particular focus on countries where this danger is particu-larly acute. It would establish min-imum standards for international bor-der security and makes it clear that governments that don’t take this prob-lem seriously are putting their Amer-ican foreign assistance at risk. This legislation provides commonsense steps to ensure our own security and that of our allies and partners. I again thank Mr. ZELDIN for all his hard work. I am pleased to support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). He is a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. He is also the author of this bill. Again, we appreciate the expertise he has brought in crafting this legislation as it relates to border security because of his experience, his distinguished ca-reer in the U.S. Army and, also, as an intelligence officer, a former pros-ecutor in the Army, and a military magistrate. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the House Foreign Af-fairs Committee as well as his great staff for all of their incredible assist-ance in making sure that this legisla-tion not only came to the House floor for a vote, but came to the House floor for a vote swiftly and, fortunately, with very strong bipartisan support. So I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, especially to Chair-man R
OYCE and to Chairman M CCAUL as well of the House Homeland Secu-rity Committee, for all of their efforts. I rise today in support of my bill, the Counterterrorism Screening and As-sistance Act of 2016. This legislation is about protecting America’s security at home and abroad. Foreign fighter movement is a very serious challenge that has resulted in the well-recognized need for improved border security around the world and better information sharing between governments. The horrific terror attacks in Paris that killed over 100 people showed us just how easy it is for terrorists to move undetected across borders. This attack was largely carried out by European nationals, many of whom traveled to train and fight in Syria and then later returned to Europe through Greece and Turkey. Although local authorities already knew some of the attackers, they were still able to move across borders with-out detection and, in some cases, using fraudulent passports. It is essential that the United States work with the international commu-nity to monitor and stop the move-ment of terrorists abroad. Additionally, this legislation helps us counter the spread of infectious dis-eases like Zika. With the recent out-break of the mosquito-borne Zika virus which has spread at rapid rates across South America, Central America, and the Caribbean, and the number of Zika cases among travelers visiting or re-turning to the United States, we must take action now. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.012 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1484 March 21, 2016 
As evidenced with the Ebola out-break in 2013, which decimated popu-lations across Western Africa, if the proper effort is not implemented proactively, the consequences can be truly devastating. The Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act recently passed the House Foreign Affairs Committee unanimously with bipartisan support. This bill would establish inter-national border security standards to close security gaps that currently exist that allow terrorists and foreign fight-ers to travel internationally. These standards would be developed in coordination with all relevant U.S. Government departments and agencies in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, Attorney General, Director of National Intelligence, and Director of the FBI. Our resources would be utilized in the most efficient way possible, with a special focus on high-risk and medium- risk countries to boost security. A reporting system would also be es-tablished to monitor efforts of foreign governments to combat terrorism and foreign fighter travel and to suspend foreign assistance to countries not making significant efforts to comply. Furthermore, the bill would put in place a monitoring system that would screen for infectious diseases to con-tain and prevent any potential out-breaks, which will help quarantine vi-ruses by authorizing the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide the nec-essary equipment and supplies to miti-gate the risk or threat of infectious diseases such as Zika, a disease that has caused widespread alarm as it has continued to spread across the global community. I also thank Congressman J
OHN K
ATKO for his assistance as well. The Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016 is a bipartisan measure long overdue to not only pro-tect our homeland from terrorism, but also ensure the U.S. is always prepared to combat the spread of any infectious diseases. I strongly encourage my colleagues in Congress to join me in this impor-tant effort to address a serious na-tional security threat and vote today to pass the Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016 to keep America safe. Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this commonsense legislation. Thousands of Europeans who have traveled to fight alongside ISIS and other terrorist groups throughout the world pose a serious threat to our na-tional security. One of the problems is making sure that those terrorists who go fight in Iraq, Syria, and other places don’t go back to their home countries in Europe undetected because, once a person gets in Europe, it is easier for Europeans to travel to the United States from Eu-rope than it is from some other coun-tries. Terrorists often travel through a number of countries before they get home, and some of these countries have very good border security and others not so good. The United States has the tech-nology to help our friends and our al-lies track down these bad guys. But our bureaucracy, of course, has gotten in the way of national security. This bill expedites the process, cutting through the red tape and giving our partners the tools they need to track terrorist travel throughout the world and in their countries. Terrorist travel is not a problem we can solve by ourselves. We must stop terrorists before they show up in Amer-ica. We must work with our partners overseas. I strongly support this legislation. And that is just the way it is. Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I urge my col-leagues to support this measure. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again I thank the Con-gressman from New York, Major LEE Z
ELDIN , for authoring this bill. Let me also again express my appre-ciation for the cooperation of Ranking Member E
NGEL and to commend his work and, also, that of our colleague from California (Mr. B
ERA), on this leg-islation. The 9/11 Commission states in their report to the Congress on recommenda-tions: ‘‘The U.S. Government cannot meet its own obligations to the Amer-ican people to prevent the entry of ter-rorists without a major effort to col-laborate with other governments. We should do more to exchange terrorist information with trusted allies, and raise U.S. and global border security standards for travel and for border crossing over the medium and long term through extensive international cooperation.’’ This bill does that. It adds another component, and that is as it relates to the collateral benefit, which will come through trying to prevent infectious diseases borne by these exotic vectors, like these mosquitoes that bring the Zika virus or like Ebola. So this bill, H.R. 4314, increases col-laboration with our allies through im-proved information sharing, tightened border security screening methods overseas, and the Department of State and Department of Homeland Security are required to accelerate the delivery of certain border security systems and prioritizing delivery to countries deemed to be at high or medium risk for foreign fighter or terrorist travel. b1700 It also establishes minimum border security standards. The Department of State and the Department of Homeland Security are required to submit an an-nual report to us in Congress detailing how countries are meeting the min-imum border security standards estab-lished there. The annual report will not only as-sess partner country efforts over the previous 12 months, but it is also going to identify those areas that are most necessary for improvement. Countries that don’t meet border security stand-ards could have their nonhumani-tarian, nontrade-related U.S. assist-ance suspended, cut off. Suspension of assistance is meant to ensure that countries take the necessary steps to improve their border security. I again want to thank Mr. ZELDIN and other members of the Committee on Homeland Security’s bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and For-eign Fighter Travel and all the bipar-tisan cosponsors for their support for this bill, which deserves our unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4314, as amended The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
FORECLOSURE RELIEF AND EX-TENSION FOR SERVICEMEMBERS ACT OF 2015 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2393) to extend temporarily the ex-tended period of protection for mem-bers of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2393 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foreclosure Relief and Extension for Servicemembers Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF EXTENDED PERIOD OF PROTECTIONS FOR MEM-BERS OF UNIFORMED SERVICES RE-LATING TO MORTGAGES, MORTGAGE FORECLOSURE, AND EVICTION. 
Section 710(d) of the Honoring America’s Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Fami-lies Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–154; 50 U.S.C. 3953 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘January 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.024 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1485 March 21, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. C
OFFMAN ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and add extraneous materials on S. 2393. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2393, the Foreclosure Relief and Extension for Servicemembers Act of 2015. This bill was introduced by our colleague from Rhode Island, Senator W
HITEHOUSE , and passed the Senate in December. This bill would extend, through De-cember 31, 2017, mortgage-related pro-tections for servicemembers who are called to Active Duty under the Serv-icemembers Civil Relief Act. Specifi-cally, these protections would prohibit a bank or mortgage company from sell-ing, foreclosing, or seizing a property owned by a servicemember without a court order for 1 year after a service-member returns from Active Duty. This protection allows servicemem-bers the opportunity to avoid fore-closure or seizure during this 1-year pe-riod following their service, giving them the opportunity to hopefully get back on track with mortgage pay-ments. In 2008, the report produced by the Commission on the National Guard and Reserves found that the threat of fore-closure is a stressor that should not be placed on members of the Armed Forces upon their return to civilian life. Today, as a shrinking Active Duty force leaves more and more operational responsibilities to the Guard and Re-serves, these home foreclosure protec-tions are more important than ever. This year it is expected that more than 10,000 members of the Army National Guard and Army Reserves will cycle through to Europe, nearly double the number of last year. Many thousands more will serve in other theaters of op-eration all over the globe. I believe it is essential that we en-sure members of the military returning home have plenty of time to regain their financial footing, particularly when they have selflessly given up their civilian jobs to deploy with their Guard or Reserve units. This protection has been extended several times by Congress and has been considered a noncontroversial exten-sion of existing authorities. Without our action on this bill, the protection would slip to only a 90-day period of foreclosure protection and could im-pact servicemembers as early as the end of this month. I would also note that the mortgage industry is supportive of this exten-sion. I thank them for their advocacy and for their continued support of vet-erans and active and reserve service-members. Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss if I did not acknowledge the work of the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ) and the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
INCHER ) for their work on this issue, as they also had similar bills to S. 2393 pending before this body. Once again, I urge all Members to support S. 2393. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today in support of S. 2393, the Foreclosure Relief and Extension for Servicemembers Act of 2015. This bill provides a 2-year extension of current protections so veterans transitioning out of the military don’t lose their homes that they owned be-fore beginning their military service, if they are experiencing financial hard-ships for up to a year after they leave the service. S. 2393 allows courts to pause pro-ceedings to foreclose on or seize a home for 1 year following service, allowing time for transitioning soldiers to ad-just their financial situations, as well as all other aspects of their lives, to ci-vilian life. We owe our veterans the benefit of the doubt when they may have missed payments while facing the tough reali-ties of serving our Nation. There is broad support for this provision in both Chambers of Congress, and I urge my colleagues to support it today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Millions of people are losing their homes and have lost their homes to foreclosure. I have worked with the banking community, Federal HUD, and NACA. Our veterans and other individ-uals are still losing their homes, and now many churches in my district are closing and losing their properties through foreclosure. I am pleased that we have this bipar-tisan legislation, but this bill is a tem-porary fix. We need to work together, as a Congress, to find a permanent fix so that our veterans, other individuals, and churches are protected from fore-closure. Again, I want to thank my colleague, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. C
OFFMAN ), for bringing this legislation forward. I urge the passage of S. 2393. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to sup-port S. 2393. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2393, the ‘‘Foreclosure Relief and Extension for Service Members Act of 2015,’’ which amends the ‘‘Honoring America’s Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Fami-lies Act of 2012’’ by extending through De-cember 31, 2017, the provisions that protect service members from actions to foreclose on a mortgage for one year after their service. S. 2393 prohibits the sale, foreclosure, or seizure of a service member’s mortgaged property without a court order or a waiver from the service member. In 1940, Congress passed the ‘‘Soldiers’ and Sailors’ Civil Relief Act’’ (SSCRA) to pro-vide protections and rights to individuals based on their service in the U.S. armed forces. In 2003, Congress passed the ‘‘Service Members Civil Relief Act,’’ which was modern-ized and reauthorized the protections and rights previously available to service members under SSCRA. The Service Members Civil Relief Act pro-tects service members in the event that their military service impedes their ability to meet fi-nancial obligations incurred before entry into active military service. In 2012, the ‘‘Honoring America’s Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Families Act of 2012’’ amended the SCRA to extend the time-frame from nine months to one year in which service members are protected from the sale, foreclosure, or seizure of mortgaged property and any actions filed against them for an in-ability to comply with the terms of the mort-gaged obligation. The ‘‘Foreclosure Relief and Extension for Services Members Act of 2014,’’ which passed the House by voice vote, extended this provi-sion through December 31, 2015. Mr. Speaker, our service members keep us safe from all manner of threats around the globe, so the least we can do is to keep them and their families safe from foreclosure as they transition back to civilian life. I urge my colleges to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. COFFMAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2393. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AIRPORT AND AIRWAY EXTENSION ACT OF 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 4721) to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expendi-ture authority of the Airport and Air-way Trust Fund, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.028 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1486 March 21, 2016 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—AIRPORT AND AIRWAY PROGRAMS Sec. 101. Extension of airport improvement program. Sec. 102. Extension of expiring authorities. Sec. 103. Federal Aviation Administration operations. Sec. 104. Air navigation facilities and equip-ment. Sec. 105. Research, engineering, and develop-ment. Sec. 106. Compliance with aviation funding requirement. Sec. 107. Essential air service. TITLE II—REVENUE PROVISIONS Sec. 201. Expenditure authority from Air-port and Airway Trust Fund. Sec. 202. Extension of taxes funding Airport and Airway Trust Fund. TITLE I—AIRPORT AND AIRWAY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 101. EXTENSION OF AIRPORT IMPROVE-MENT PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 48103(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$1,675,000,000 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,652,083,333 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on July 15, 2016.’’. (2) O
BLIGATION OF AMOUNTS .—Subject to limitations specified in advance in appro-priation Acts, sums made available pursuant to the amendment made by paragraph (1) may be obligated at any time through Sep-tember 30, 2016, and shall remain available until expended. (3) P
ROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION .—For pur- poses of calculating funding apportionments and meeting other requirements under sec-tions 47114, 47115, 47116, and 47117 of title 49, United States Code, for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on July 15, 2016, the Administrator of the Federal Avia-tion Administration shall— (A) first calculate such funding apportion-ments on an annualized basis as if the total amount available under section 48103 of such title for fiscal year 2016 were $3,350,000,000; and (B) then reduce by 20.83 percent— (i) all funding apportionments calculated under subparagraph (A); and (ii) amounts available pursuant to sections 47117(b) and 47117(f)(2) of such title. (b) P
ROJECT GRANT AUTHORITY .—Section 47104(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘July 15, 2016,’’. 
SEC. 102. EXTENSION OF EXPIRING AUTHORI-TIES. 
(a) Section 47107(r)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘April 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘July 16, 2016’’. (b) Section 47115(j) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘July 15, 2016’’. (c) Section 47124(b)(3)(E) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$5,175,000 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016,’’ and inserting ‘‘$8,193,750 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on July 15, 2016,’’. (d) Section 47141(f) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘July 15, 2016’’. (e) Section 186(d) of the Vision 100—Cen-tury of Aviation Reauthorization Act (117 Stat. 2518) is amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘July 15, 2016’’. (f) Section 409(d) of the Vision 100—Cen-tury of Aviation Reauthorization Act (49 U.S.C. 41731 note) is amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘July 15, 2016’’. (g) Section 411(h) of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 42301 prec. note) is amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘July 15, 2016’’. (h) Section 822(k) of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 47141 note) is amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘July 15, 2016’’. SEC. 103. FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION OPERATIONS. 
Section 106(k) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by amending subpara-graph (E) to read as follows: ‘‘(E) $7,711,387,500 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on July 15, 2016.’’; and (2) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘July 15, 2016’’. 
SEC. 104. AIR NAVIGATION FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT. 
Section 48101(a)(5) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) $2,058,333,333 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on July 15, 2016.’’. 
SEC. 105. RESEARCH, ENGINEERING, AND DEVEL-OPMENT. 
Section 48102(a)(9) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(9) $124,093,750 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on July 15, 2016.’’. 
SEC. 106. COMPLIANCE WITH AVIATION FUNDING REQUIREMENT. 
The budget authority authorized in this Act, including the amendments made by this Act, shall be deemed to satisfy the require-ments of subsections (a)(1)(B) and (a)(2) of section 48114 of title 49, United States Code, for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on July 15, 2016. 
SEC. 107. ESSENTIAL AIR SERVICE. 
Section 41742(a)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$77,500,000 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016,’’ and inserting ‘‘$122,708,333 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2015, and ending on July 15, 2016,’’. TITLE II—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 201. EXPENDITURE AUTHORITY FROM AIR-PORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 9502(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘April 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘July 16, 2016’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A), by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘or the Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2016;’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 9502(e)(2) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘April 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘July 16, 2016’’. 
SEC. 202. EXTENSION OF TAXES FUNDING AIR-PORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND. 
(a) F UEL TAXES .—Section 4081(d)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘July 15, 2016’’. (b) T
ICKET TAXES .— (1) P
ERSONS .—Section 4261(k)(1)(A)(ii) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘July 15, 2016’’. (2) P
ROPERTY .—Section 4271(d)(1)(A)(ii) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘July 15, 2016’’. (c) F
RACTIONAL OWNERSHIP PROGRAMS .— (1) T
REATMENT AS NON -COMMERCIAL AVIA -
TION.—Section 4083(b) of such Code is amend-ed by striking ‘‘April 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘July 16, 2016’’. (2) EXEMPTION FROM TICKET TAXES .—Sec- tion 4261(j) of such Code is amended by strik-ing ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘July 15, 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 4721. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill, as amended by the Senate, extends the authorization of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration programs and the revenue collection authorities for the Airport and Airway Trust Fund through July 15, 2016. The current FAA reauthorization ex-pires at the end of this month. Without this bill, the authority to collect avia-tion taxes will lapse, depriving the trust fund of more than $40 million per day. That is funding for air traffic con-trol, airport development, and other aviation programs that can never be recovered. Additionally, the airports will be un-able to receive grant money that has already been awarded to them, putting dozens of construction projects at risk. H.R. 4721 will avoid these unneces-sary consequences while Congress works to finish a long-term aviation bill. I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 4721. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, here we are a week later, and now we are doing another ex-tension, which of course I support. This one will go to July 15, which is truly a drop-dead date. Congress will be out for the longest summer break since prob-ably the 1950s, starting just after July 15, so we must get the long-term bill done by then. There is substantial agreement be-tween the bill that came out of com-mittee in the House and the Senate bill, with the exception of the tomb-stone rule on lithium batteries, a dif-ference on flight attendants’ rest hours, and, of course, the issue of pri-vatization of the air traffic organiza-tion. I would hope that we can move ahead and preconference the many other ti-tles and begin working on those, the differences on the flight attendants’ rest time, and I will continue to push on lithium batteries. I would hope that this is the last extension. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.031 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1487 March 21, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting this piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amend-ment to the bill, H.R. 4721. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARNING SYSTEM MODERNIZA-TION ACT OF 2015 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1180) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to di-rect the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to modernize the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1180 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Mod-ernization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. INTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARN-ING SYSTEM MODERNIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 526. INTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARNING SYSTEM MODERNIZATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—To provide timely and effective warnings regarding natural disas-ters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disasters or threats to public safety, the Ad-ministrator shall— ‘‘(1) modernize the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States (in this section referred to as the ‘public alert and warning system’) to help ensure that under all conditions the President and, ex-cept to the extent the public alert and warn-ing system is in use by the President, Fed-eral agencies and State, tribal, and local governments can alert and warn the civilian population in areas endangered by natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other man- made disasters or threats to public safety; and ‘‘(2) implement the public alert and warn-ing system to disseminate timely and effec-tive warnings regarding natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disas-ters or threats to public safety. ‘‘(b) I
MPLEMENTATION REQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Adminis-trator shall— ‘‘(1) establish or adopt, as appropriate, common alerting and warning protocols, standards, terminology, and operating proce-dures for the public alert and warning sys-tem; ‘‘(2) include in the public alert and warning system the capability to adapt the distribu-tion and content of communications on the basis of geographic location, risks, and mul-tiple communication systems and tech-nologies, as appropriate and to the extent technically feasible; ‘‘(3) include in the public alert and warning system the capability to alert, warn, and provide equivalent information to individ-uals with disabilities, individuals with ac-cess and functional needs, and individuals with limited-English proficiency, to the ex-tent technically feasible; ‘‘(4) ensure that training, tests, and exer-cises are conducted for the public alert and warning system, including by— ‘‘(A) incorporating the public alert and warning system into other training and exer-cise programs of the Department, as appro-priate; ‘‘(B) establishing and integrating into the National Incident Management System a comprehensive and periodic training pro-gram to instruct and educate Federal, State, tribal, and local government officials in the use of the Common Alerting Protocol en-abled Emergency Alert System; and ‘‘(C) conducting, not less than once every 3 years, periodic nationwide tests of the public alert and warning system; ‘‘(5) to the extent practicable, ensure that the public alert and warning system is resil-ient and secure and can withstand acts of terrorism and other external attacks; ‘‘(6) conduct public education efforts so that State, tribal, and local governments, private entities, and the people of the United States reasonably understand the functions of the public alert and warning system and how to access, use, and respond to informa-tion from the public alert and warning sys-tem through a general market awareness campaign; ‘‘(7) consult, coordinate, and cooperate with the appropriate private sector entities and Federal, State, tribal, and local govern-mental authorities, including the Regional Administrators and emergency response pro-viders; ‘‘(8) consult and coordinate with the Fed-eral Communications Commission, taking into account rules and regulations promul-gated by the Federal Communications Com-mission; and ‘‘(9) coordinate with and consider the rec-ommendations of the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Subcommittee estab-lished under section 2(b) of the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Mod-ernization Act of 2015. ‘‘(c) SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS .—The public alert and warning system shall— ‘‘(1) to the extent determined appropriate by the Administrator, incorporate multiple communications technologies; ‘‘(2) be designed to adapt to, and incor-porate, future technologies for commu-nicating directly with the public; ‘‘(3) to the extent technically feasible, be designed— ‘‘(A) to provide alerts to the largest por-tion of the affected population feasible, in-cluding nonresident visitors and tourists, in-dividuals with disabilities, individuals with access and functional needs, and individuals with limited-English proficiency; and ‘‘(B) to improve the ability of remote areas to receive alerts; ‘‘(4) promote local and regional public and private partnerships to enhance community preparedness and response; ‘‘(5) provide redundant alert mechanisms where practicable so as to reach the greatest number of people; and ‘‘(6) to the extent feasible, include a mech-anism to ensure the protection of individual privacy. ‘‘(d) U
SE OF SYSTEM .—Except to the extent necessary for testing the public alert and warning system, the public alert and warn-ing system shall not be used to transmit a message that does not relate to a natural disaster, act of terrorism, or other man- made disaster or threat to public safety. ‘‘(e) PERFORMANCE REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Mod-ernization Act of 2015, and annually there-after through 2018, the Administrator shall make available on the public website of the Agency a performance report, which shall— ‘‘(A) establish performance goals for the implementation of the public alert and warn-ing system by the Agency; ‘‘(B) describe the performance of the public alert and warning system, including— ‘‘(i) the type of technology used for alerts and warnings issued under the system; ‘‘(ii) the measures taken to alert, warn, and provide equivalent information to indi-viduals with disabilities, individuals with ac-cess and function needs, and individuals with limited-English proficiency; and ‘‘(iii) the training, tests, and exercises per-formed and the outcomes obtained by the Agency; ‘‘(C) identify significant challenges to the effective operation of the public alert and warning system and any plans to address these challenges; ‘‘(D) identify other necessary improve-ments to the system; and ‘‘(E) provide an analysis comparing the performance of the public alert and warning system with the performance goals estab-lished under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) C
ONGRESS .—The Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives each report re-quired under paragraph (1).’’. (b) I
NTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARN-
INGSYSTEM SUBCOMMITTEE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (in this subsection re-ferred to as the ‘‘Administrator’’) shall es-tablish a subcommittee to the National Ad-visory Council established under section 508 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 318) to be known as the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Sub-committee (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Subcommittee’’). (2) M
EMBERSHIP .—Notwithstanding section 508(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 318(c)), the Subcommittee shall be composed of the following members (or their designees): (A) The Deputy Administrator for Protec-tion and National Preparedness of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency. (B) The Chairman of the Federal Commu-nications Commission. (C) The Administrator of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration of the Department of Commerce. (D) The Assistant Secretary for Commu-nications and Information of the Department of Commerce. (E) The Under Secretary for Science and Technology of the Department of Homeland Security. (F) The Under Secretary for the National Protection and Programs Directorate. (G) The Director of Disability Integration and Coordination of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. (H) The Chairperson of the National Coun-cil on Disability. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.030 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1488 March 21, 2016 
(I) Qualified individuals appointed by the Administrator as soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act from among the following: (i) Representatives of State and local gov-ernments, representatives of emergency management agencies, and representatives of emergency response providers. (ii) Representatives from federally recog-nized Indian tribes and national Indian orga-nizations. (iii) Individuals who have the requisite technical knowledge and expertise to serve on the Subcommittee, including representa-tives of— (I) communications service providers; (II) vendors, developers, and manufacturers of systems, facilities, equipment, and capa-bilities for the provision of communications services; (III) third-party service bureaus; (IV) the broadcasting industry, including public broadcasting; (V) the commercial mobile radio service industry; (VI) the cable industry; (VII) the satellite industry; (VIII) national organizations representing individuals with disabilities, the blind, deaf, and hearing-loss communities, individuals with access and functional needs, and the el-derly; (IX) consumer or privacy advocates; and (X) organizations representing individuals with limited-English proficiency. (iv) Qualified representatives of such other stakeholders and interested and affected par-ties as the Administrator considers appro-priate. (3) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Deputy Adminis-trator for Protection and National Prepared-ness of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall serve as the Chairperson of the Subcommittee. (4) M
EETINGS .— (A) I
NITIAL MEETING .—The initial meeting of the Subcommittee shall take place not later than 120 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (B) O
THER MEETINGS .—After the initial meeting, the Subcommittee shall meet, at least annually, at the call of the Chair-person. (5) C
ONSULTATION WITH NONMEMBERS .—The Subcommittee and the program offices for the integrated public alert and warning sys-tem for the United States shall consult with individuals and entities that are not rep-resented on the Subcommittee to consider new and developing technologies that may be beneficial to the public alert and warning system, including— (A) the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency; (B) entities engaged in federally funded re-search; and (C) academic institutions engaged in rel-evant work and research. (6) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Subcommittee shall— (A) develop recommendations for an inte-grated public alert and warning system; and (B) in developing the recommendations under subparagraph (A), consider— (i) recommendations for common alerting and warning protocols, standards, termi-nology, and operating procedures for the public alert and warning system; and (ii) recommendations to provide for a pub-lic alert and warning system that— (I) has the capability to adapt the distribu-tion and content of communications on the basis of geographic location, risks, or per-sonal user preferences, as appropriate; (II) has the capability to alert and warn in-dividuals with disabilities and individuals with limited-English proficiency; (III) to the extent appropriate, incor-porates multiple communications tech-nologies; (IV) is designed to adapt to, and incor-porate, future technologies for commu-nicating directly with the public; (V) is designed to provide alerts to the largest portion of the affected population feasible, including nonresident visitors and tourists, and improve the ability of remote areas to receive alerts; (VI) promotes local and regional public and private partnerships to enhance community preparedness and response; and (VII) provides redundant alert mecha-nisms, if practicable, to reach the greatest number of people regardless of whether they have access to, or use, any specific medium of communication or any particular device. (7) REPORT .— (A) S
UBCOMMITTEE SUBMISSION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Subcommittee shall submit to the National Advisory Council a report con-taining any recommendations required to be developed under paragraph (6) for approval by the National Advisory Council. (B) S
UBMISSION BY NATIONAL ADVISORY  
COUNCIL .—If the National Advisory Council approves the recommendations contained in the report submitted under subparagraph (A), the National Advisory Council shall sub-mit the report to— (i) the head of each agency represented on the Subcommittee; (ii) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate; and (iii) the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives. (8) T
ERMINATION .—The Subcommittee shall terminate not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act such sums as may be nec-essary for each of fiscal years 2016, 2017, and 2018. (d) L
IMITATIONS ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.— (1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘participating commercial mobile serv-ice provider’’ has the meaning given that term under section 10.10(f) of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (2) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this Act, in-cluding an amendment made by this Act, shall be construed— (A) to affect any authority— (i) of the Department of Commerce; (ii) of the Federal Communications Com-mission; or (iii) provided under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.); (B) to provide the Secretary of Homeland Security with authority to require any ac-tion by the Department of Commerce, the Federal Communications Commission, or any nongovernmental entity; (C) to apply to, or to provide the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency with authority over, any par-ticipating commercial mobile service pro-vider; (D) to alter in any way the wireless emer-gency alerts service established under the Warning, Alert, and Response Network Act (47 U.S.C. 1201 et seq.) or any related orders issued by the Federal Communications Com-mission after October 13, 2006; or (E) to provide the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency with authority to require a State or local jurisdiction to use the inte-grated public alert and warning system of the United States. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 1180. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure has a long tradition of tackling FEMA and emergency man-agement issues in a bipartisan manner. b1715 I would like to acknowledge Chair-man B
ARLETTA and Ranking Member C
ARSON of the Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Man-agement Subcommittee for leading ef-forts in the House to improve our Na-tion’s Emergency Alert System. Public alerts save lives. And their ef-forts, along with this bill, will save even more. This committee was the first to introduce legislation in 2008, and every Congress since, to modernize the Integrated Public Alert and Warn-ing System, also known as IPAWS, be-cause we recognized the critical need to provide timely and effective disaster warnings to our citizens and commu-nities. Modernizing the alert and warn-ing systems will help save lives. At the committee’s request, the GAO issued a report in 2009 detailing key problems with FEMA’s development of IPAWS. GAO’s findings supported the need for legislation to ensure consulta-tion and coordination with key stake-holders, strategic planning, and the timely rollout of the new system. GAO issued a subsequent report in 2013 iden-tifying a continued need for guidance and testing of the system. We also heard from many stake-holders, including people with disabil-ities, the elderly, and industries like the broadcasters and wireless industry, that FEMA was not giving them a seat at the table as FEMA modernized the system. Involving these stakeholders who are the primary users and owners of the infrastructure is key. Without them, alerts couldn’t go out. I am happy to stand here and support the culmination of that work in S. 1180, the Integrated Public Alert and Warn-ing System Modernization Act of 2015. I commend the chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee for continuing to advocate for a nationwide integrated and interoperable system. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.030 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1489 March 21, 2016 
The IPAWS Modernization Act mod-ernizes and integrates the Nation’s alert and warning infrastructure to provide public safety officials with an effective way to alert and warn the public about serious emergencies. This legislation sets a clear frame-work to ensure money is not wasted, while making certain key stakeholders are a part of FEMA’s modernization of the system. The bill will also ensure that the ongoing development and modernization of our Nation’s alert system is done effectively and effi-ciency. As technologies change, the legisla-tion will ensure that this system adapts and continues to work toward the most effective alert and warning system possible. This system impacts everyone in America, Mr. Speaker. Whether it is a hurricane, tornado, flood or wildfire, unless we can ensure the public can be effectively alerted, lives will be at risk. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my colleague from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ); Chairman B
ARLETTA ; and my good friend, Rank-ing Member P
ETER DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure today. The Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Moderniza-tion Act of 2015 directs the adminis-trator of FEMA to codify the Inte-grated Public Alert and Warning Sys-tem, commonly known as IPAWS. With IPAWS, Mr. Speaker, public safety officials are able to warn the public of impending hazards using mul-tiple communications platforms, such as radio and television broadcasts, mo-bile devices, and other Internet serv-ices. These warnings, Mr. Speaker, can even be geographically targeted so that only those in harm’s way will receive the messages. All of this leads to sav-ing lives, Mr. Speaker, and reducing property damage. During the months of May and June, tornados are most likely to strike the great Hoosier State. Getting citizens to safety or even alerting them to shelter in place before a tornado strikes can ultimately be the difference between life and death. Success in that effort, Mr. Speaker, depends largely on access to timely and precise information. During 2011, a violent storm caused the sudden collapse of a concert stage at the Indiana State Fair. This tragic incident killed seven and severely in-jured dozens more. It could have been much worse. Timely alerts enabled fair officials to clear the midway minutes before the storm struck, potentially saving hundreds of lives. Our committee has primary jurisdic-tion over IPAWS, and we have worked hard, Mr. Speaker, on this issue for several Congresses. While this bill is similar to another bill—H.R. 1472—that the Transportation Committee re-ported last year, I am very dis-appointed that regular order was not followed in S. 1180. It should have been referred to the committee of jurisdic-tion so that the House of Representa-tives can do the job we were elected to do: consider the details and implica-tions of all the different provisions and how they impact our alert and warning system. Despite the lack of regular order, Mr. Speaker, I still support this measure greatly. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ). Mr. DONOVAN. I thank the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania for yielding. Mr. Speaker, as the chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emergency Pre-paredness, Response, and Communica-tions, I rise today in support of S. 1180, the Integrated Public Alert and Warn-ing System Modernization Act of 2015. This important legislation was intro-duced by the chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, Senator R
ONJOHN-
SON. IPAWS provides public safety offi-cials with a mechanism to alert and warn the public about emergencies using multiple communication plat-forms, including the Emergency Alert System, Wireless Emergency Alerts, and NOAA Weather Radio. The bill we are considering today au-thorizes the IPAWS program and pro-vides it with needed direction to help ensure that we can make available as much information to the public as pos-sible to get them out of harm’s way in the event of a terror attack, natural disaster, or other threat to public safe-ty. We know that these alerts can help to save lives. IPAWS was used after the Boston Marathon bombings to direct residents to shelter during the man-hunt. In my district, IPAWS was used to warn people during Hurricane Sandy. Elsewhere, IPAWS has been vital to locating missing children through the AMBER Alert system. We also know that the system is not without its challenges. While I under-stand that in a recent test of the Emer-gency Alert System, a component of IPAWS, worked for stations in my home State of New York, there were challenges in other States. The test was canceled in several States due to weather concerns. However, a number of those States were not informed of the cancellation, leaving their broad-casters to wonder why the test didn’t occur. We must ensure better communica-tion between IPAWS and relevant stakeholders. That is why the IPAWS subcommittee of the National Advisory Council, established in this bill, is so important. This advisory committee will provide stakeholders with a mechanism to pro-vide input into the program. Ensuring stakeholder engagement and feedback will serve to enhance the effectiveness of IPAWS. The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity has a long history of oversight of the IPAWS program, having held a number of hearings and briefings. Leg-islation similar to the bill we are con-sidering today was approved by the Committee on Homeland Security just last year. Like the legislation passed out of the Committee on Homeland Security, this legislation is supported by the Na-tional Association of Broadcasters, the National Alliance of State Broad-casters Association, and CTIA—The Wireless Association. We thank these organizations for their continued en-gagement on this bill to improve the text and get us to this point. The enactment of legislation to au-thorize IPAWS has been a long time coming. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this commonsense legis-lation so that we can send it to the President’s desk to be signed into law. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO), a good friend of mine and the ranking member of the com-mittee. Mr. D
EFAZIO. I thank my friend and the ranking member of the sub-committee for yielding to me on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, yes, indeed, we have spent a number of years overseeing, holding hearings, and working to push for a more modern public alert warning system. So this legislation is somewhat overdue. In fact, we passed similar leg-islation last year in the House. I do support the legislation. However, I will point out that it is a bit irregular because we passed it a year ago, and suddenly we are passing a version which just happens to have come from a Senator who just happened to be one of the most vulnerable Republicans up for reelection so that he can get a notch on his belt. But that is the way things work around here: we get good things done for sometimes the wrong reasons. It should have been done a year ago. The Senate should have taken up our version. That said, this will modernize the system tremendously. We are well past the days of CONELRAD alerts. Yet, technology has not moved as far as it could for the 21st century. In particular, I was in Japan with a congressional delegation observing what they have done post the dramatic earthquake and tsunami events. They estimated the wave heights and were able to get the message out, to some extent, on public broadcasts and with sirens before further shocks brought down the grid and silenced, for the most part, the sirens. Unfortunately, the first estimates were off. When the waves reached the nearshore monitoring devices, they found that they were considerably higher and a much more vigorous evac-uation should have been conducted. Unfortunately, at that point they had no way to get the word out to the peo-ple who had gone to high ground, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.033 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1490 March 21, 2016 
not high enough, or those who had sheltered in place when they believed the height of the tsunami would be less. So they lost many lives, they feel, unnecessarily, because of a lack of re-dundancy in the system. This will move us toward a redun-dant system. They have now moved to a cellular-based system so that individ-uals can be alerted. I was just at a tsunami event in the town of Florence, Oregon, called the Blue Line, where they have evacuation routes and people say: When do I stop running or driving? And so they are painting lines on those critical routes showing what point where you are safe from the high-est predicted tsunami. They did, essen-tially, a drill while we were there, but you couldn’t even hear the siren. These are World War II-era raid sirens. Some work, some don’t. So we need a much more robust and redundant system because we know that in the Pacific Northwest and northern California, it is only when— not if—we will have a dramatic earth-quake, potentially with a magnitude up to 9, with a subsequent tsunami. We need in place both deep ocean de-tection to give more warning time, wave detection, and a robust system to inform the people where to go and how far they need to go in these events. This is overdue legislation, and I do urge its adoption. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ). Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 1180, the Inte-grated Public Alert Warning System, or IPAWS, Modernization Act. Modernizing our alert and warning capabilities is essential to keeping us safe. We must effectively communicate important information to the public during national emergencies, and our warning efforts must evolve with the growing and emerging threats of today. During my time as chairman of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, this was a top priority of mine. I have worked to up-date our alert and warning systems and utilize innovative new technologies. Since the 112th Congress, I have in-troduced and advocated for the passage and enactment of this important piece of legislation, which is very similar to my bill, H.R. 1738. During my work on the Integrated Public Alert Warning System Mod-ernization Act, I heard from many stakeholders and experts who high-lighted the need to ensure alert sys-tems are available to the largest num-ber of people, including individuals with disabilities and those living in rural areas. In 2006, FEMA implemented the Inte-grated Public Alert and Warning Sys-tem, which improved public safety by quickly disseminating emergency mes-sages and lifesaving information to the public. However, these systems have not been modernized in decades, which is why I have consistently reintroduced this bill. With congressional oversight, we can ensure our constituents have alert systems that work reliably, effec-tively, and efficiently. S. 1180 provides authorization to up-date our communications infrastruc-ture to allow important information and alerts for instantaneous message delivery over cell phones, text mes-saging, the Internet, and broadcasting. b1730 Additionally, this bill improves our capabilities and communications net-work by creating a national public warning working group to bring State and local officials together. This will ensure systems developers, regulators, users, and relay participants meet on a regular basis. This important legisla-tion allows us to uphold our responsi-bility in the protection of the people we serve. I want to thank Senator JOHNSON for his work and advocacy on this issue. I also want to thank my colleagues: Representative S
USAN BROOKS ; chair-man of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, Chairman M
CCAUL; and Sub-committee Chairman D
ONOVAN , for their support in cosponsoring my bill, H.R. 1738. This is a great step in the right direc-tion, and we must continue this progress of modernizing our capabili-ties with the passage of this bill. I urge my colleagues to support this impor-tant piece of legislation. 
NATIONAL ALLIANCE OF STATE  B
ROADCASTERS ASSOCIATIONS , April 29, 2015. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : The undersigned, who are the chief executive officers of the fifty State Broadcasters Associations in the United States, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico, are pleased to offer our support and endorsement for H.R. 1738, the Inte-grated Public Alert and Warning System Modernization Act of 2015. If passed, this bill will ensure that more people receive life-saving information in more parts of America, more of the time, through current and future alert and warn-ing technologies, while strengthening broad-casters’ role as the backbone of America’s public alerting system. Many of us serve as chairs or members of our respective State Emergency Communica-tions Committees, which are charged with managing the Emergency Alert System (EAS) in our states. We have all worked tire-lessly to ensure that a robust, reliable alert-ing system is available when it is needed. We have observed over the years that the system needs a higher level of coordination among the various federal, state and local public safety and emergency management agencies as ‘‘message originators’’ on the one hand, and the broadcast, cable and sat-ellite ‘‘message relayers’’ on the other hand; and that the absence of any formal, ongoing training of state and local public safety and emergency management personnel on the proper use of EAS has hampered state and local officials’ willingness and ability to use it efficiently in times of emergency, thus putting lives and property at risk. This bill will address these problems and will make giant strides toward improvement of alert and warning capability in our states and across our nation. We look forward to the successful passage of this important measure. Very truly yours, THEUNDERSIGNED CEO SO FT H E FIFTY S
TATE BROADCAST TRADE ASSOCIATIONS . Alabama Broadcasters Association, Sharon Tinsley; Alaska Broadcasters Association, Cathy Hiebert; Arizona Broadcasters Asso-ciation, Art Brooks; Arkansas Broadcasters Association, Doug Krile; California Broad-casters Association, Stan Statham; Colorado Broadcasters Association, Justin Sasso; Con-necticut Broadcasters Association, Michael C. Rice; Florida Association of Broadcasters, C. Patrick Roberts; Georgia Association of Broadcasters, Bob Houghton; Hawaii Asso-ciation of Broadcasters, Jamie Hartnett; Idaho State Broadcasters Association, Connie Searles; Illinois Broadcasters Asso-ciation, Dennis Lyle; Indiana Broadcasters Association, Joe Misiewicz; Iowa Broad-casters Association, Sue Toma; Kansas Asso-ciation of Broadcasters, Kent Cornish; Ken-tucky Broadcasters Association, Gary White; Louisiana Association of Broadcasters, Polly Prince Johnson; Maine Association of Broad-casters, Suzanne Goucher; Maryland/D.C./ Delaware (MDCD) Broadcasters Association, Lisa Reynolds. Massachusetts Broadcasters Association, Jordan Walton; Michigan Association of Broadcasters, Karole L. White; Minnesota Broadcasters Association, Jim duBois; Mis-sissippi Association of Broadcasters, Karla Hooten; Missouri Broadcasters Association, Mark Gordon; Montana Broadcasters Asso-ciation, Dewey Bruce; Nebraska Broad-casters Association, Jim Timm; Nevada Broadcasters Association, Mary Beth Sewald; New Hampshire Association of Broadcasters, Jordan Walton; New Jersey Broadcasters Association, Paul Rotella; New Mexico Broadcasters Association, Paula Maes; New York State Broadcasters Associa-tion, David Donovan; North Carolina Asso-ciation of Broadcasters, Wade Hargrove, Esq.; North Dakota Broadcasters Associa-tion, Beth Helfrich; Ohio Association of Broadcasters, Chris Merritt; Oklahoma Asso-ciation of Broadcasters, Vance Harrison; Or-egon Association of Broadcasters, Bill Johnstone; Pennsylvania Association of Broadcasters, Rich Wyckoff. Radio Broadcasters Association of Puerto Rico, Jose A. Ribas Dominicci; Rhode Island Broadcasters Association, Lori Needham; South Carolina Broadcasters Association, Shani White; South Dakota Broadcasters As-sociation, Steve Willard; Tennessee Associa-tion of Broadcasters, White Adamson; Texas Association of Broadcasters, Oscar Rodri-guez; Utah Broadcasters Association, Michele Zabriskie; Vermont Association of Broadcasters, Jim Condon; Virginia Associa-tion of Broadcasters, Doug Easter; Wash-ington State Association of Broadcasters, Mark Allen; West Virginia Broadcasters As-sociation, Michele Crist; Wisconsin Broad-casters Association, Michelle Vetterkind; Wyoming Association of Broadcasters, Laura Grott. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, may I ask how much time is re-maining on both sides. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Indiana has 13
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Penn-sylvania has 10
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 1180, the ‘‘Integrated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.034 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1491 March 21, 2016 
Public Alert and Warning System Moderniza-tion Act of 2015.’’ I support this bill because it would address interoperability deficits among information technology systems and radio communications systems used by emergency services to ex-change voice, data, disasters, and video in real time As a senior member of the House Com-mittee on Homeland Security, I am intimately aware, as are many of my colleagues, of the essential and lifesaving role of communica-tions during a crisis. S. 1180 directs FEMA to establish the Inte-grated Public Alert and Warning System Sub-committee to develop and submit rec-ommendations for an integrated public alert and warning system to the National Advisory Council through: establishing common alerting and warning protocols, standards, terminology, and operating procedures for the system; in-clude in such system the capability to adapt the distribution and content of communications on the basis of geographic location, risks, and multiple communication technologies and to alert, warn, and provide equivalent information to individuals with disabilities, access and functional needs, or limited English pro-ficiency; ensure that specified training, tests, and exercises for such system are conducted and that the system is resilient, secure, and can withstand external attacks; and conduct public education efforts and a general market awareness campaign about the system. The bill requires the system to: be designed to adapt to and incorporate future technologies for communicating directly with the public, pro-vide alerts to the largest portion of the affected population feasible, and improve the ability of remote areas to receive alerts; promote local and regional public and private partnerships to enhance community preparedness and re-sponse; provide redundant alert mechanisms; and protect individual privacy. Because the tragedies of September 11, 2001, were compounded by communication failures among first responders who entered the burning towers that comprised the World Trade Center it has been an imperative of the Homeland Security Committee to address first responder communication interoperability chal-lenges. S. 1180 amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency to modernize the integrated U.S. public alert and warning system to help ensure that under all conditions the President, federal agencies, and state, tribal, and local governments can alert and warn the civilian population in areas endangered by natural dis-asters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disasters or threats to public safety. Hurricane Katrina is an example of the need for emergency response agencies to be con-nected. After the storm the majority of the rescue operations were being conducted by the U.S. Coast Guard locating people who were on the roofs of their houses. The coast guard was not aware of the indi-viduals who were stuck in their home calling 911, because they could not reach their roofs, causing about 986 Louisiana residents to per-ish after the storm due to the lack of effective communication. An estimated 1,836 lives were lost as a re-sult of the hurricane. The City of Houston covers over a 1,000 square mile region in Southeast Texas. It has a night-time population of nearly two million people, which peaks with over three million daytime inhabitants. The city of Houston’s 9–1–1 Emergency Center manages nearly 9,000 emergency calls per day. The volume of emergency calls can easily double during times of inclement weath-er or special City social/sporting events like Hurricanes Ike in September 2008; and Katrina as well as Rita, which occurred in September and October of 2005. The types and severity of potential emer-gencies can encompass floods, hurricanes, and industrial incidents which would require multiple emergency agencies to respond. On the average, EMS responds to a citizen every 3 minutes. Each EMS response is made by one of 88 City of Houston EMS vehicles. There are over 200,000 EMS incidents in-volving over 225,000 patients or potential pa-tients annually. In 2013, the City of Houston’s fire Depart-ment lost Captain EMT Matthew Renaud, En-gineer Operator EMT Robert Bebee, Fire-fighter EMT Robert Garner and Probationary Firefighter Anne Sullivan when they responded to a hotel fire. Throughout the history of the Houston Po-lice Department over 110 officers have lost their lives in the line of duty. Each member of the House of Representa-tives knows of the loss of a first responder who was going to the aid of those in harm’s way. S. 1180 will offer additional resources that can save the lives of first responders and those they help. S. 1180 will ensure that FEMA’s response to a crisis is organized with state and local re-sources. I ask my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of S. 1180. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1180. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 32 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsyl-vania) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2745, STANDARD MERGER AND ACQUISITION REVIEWS THROUGH EQUAL RULES ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 24, 2016, THROUGH APRIL 11, 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–461) on the resolution (H. Res. 653) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2745) to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural man-ner as the Attorney General exercises such authority, and providing for pro-ceedings during the period from March 24, 2016, through April 11, 2016, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
COUNTERTERRORISM SCREENING AND ASSISTANCE ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4314) to require a plan to combat international travel by terror-ists and foreign fighters, accelerate the transfer of certain border security sys-tems to foreign partner governments, establish minimum international bor-der security standards, authorize the suspension of foreign assistance to countries not making significant ef-forts to comply with such minimum standards, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 371, nays 2, not voting 60, as follows: 
[Roll No. 130] YEAS—371 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.016 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1492 March 21, 2016 
Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—2 
Amash Massie 
NOT VOTING—60 
Bass Becerra Beyer Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bustos Ca´rdenas Castor (FL) Chaffetz Cicilline Cohen Davis, Danny DeLauro DelBene Dent Duckworth Edwards Emmer (MN) Engel Farr Fincher Gallego Gowdy Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Labrador Lee Love Lowenthal McGovern Meeks Moulton Nolan Nugent Pelosi Perlmutter Price (NC) Rangel Reichert Ribble Rohrabacher Rush Sanford Schakowsky Scott, David Sherman Smith (WA) Speier Tsongas Vela´zquez Welch Wilson (FL) Young (IN) 
b1850 Ms. KUSTER changed her vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, today, I was unable to cast my floor vote on rollcall vote No. 130. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 130. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I missed the following vote: H.R. 4314– Counterterrorism/Screening and Assistance Act of 2016, as amended. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber for votes on Monday, March 21, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 130. 
f 
PLYMOUTH CITIZENS AWARD FOR URIAS JAH (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the heroics of Plym-outh 17-year-old Urias Jah, who was re-cently recognized with the Citizens Award from Plymouth fire officials. After hearing shouts of ‘‘Fire,’’ Urias ran out of his apartment to see a fire spreading on the third floor of the com-plex and a woman on the second floor yelling for help. Urias was able to jump and pull himself up onto the second floor balcony and the third floor bal-cony with a fire extinguisher attached to his hips. He then was able to extinguish the flames, saving property and, poten-tially, lives. Two hundred people, Mr. Speaker, reside in the complex. When firefighters arrived, they were flab-bergasted that the 5
1⁄2-foot Urias would actually be able to scale the building. Mr. Speaker, Urias’ selfless actions are heroic and brave. While our fire-fighters and fire departments do tre-mendous work, they can’t be every-where all of the time. His quick think-ing stopped a fire that could have been devastating to so many. His Citizens Award is well deserved. f 
RECOGNIZING WORLD DOWN SYNDROME DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recogni-tion of World Down Syndrome Day, which seeks to draw awareness to Down syndrome and how people with Down syndrome play a vital role in our lives and our communities. All of us know someone who lives with Down syndrome, and we know that in spite of some extra challenges, they live full and robust lives sur-rounded by family and friends. In order to provide those living with Down syndrome and other disabilities the best start possible, I was happy to cosponsor, along with a majority of my colleagues in the House, the Achieving a Better Life Experience, or ABLE, Act, which was signed into law in 2014. This law empowers people with disabil-ities and their families to create a flexible account to help save for med-ical and dental care, education, com-munity-based employment, commu-nity-based support, training, housing, and transportation. My office participates in the Con-gressional Internship Program for Indi-viduals with Intellectual Disabilities. This program, which is a partnership with George Mason University’s Mason LIFE program, gives students with in-tellectual disabilities an opportunity to gain congressional work experience. We have welcomed several bright young men and women who have made significant contributions to our office, and I am proud to participate in this vital program. 
f 
CUBAN MILITARY ENRICHED (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, the President’s failing visit to Cuba was dismissed by the Communist foreign minister, who declared ‘‘under no circumstance is the realization of internal changes in Cuba on the nego-tiation table.’’ Since the President’s outreach to the Castro dictatorship, the consequence has been a surge in dissident arrests of patriots who overestimated the hope and change that a relationship might bring. Sadly, by doing business with the Castro regime, the benefits of trade will not reach the Cuban people. It will enrich the Cuban military, which stole 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.015 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1493 March 21, 2016 
about 70 percent of companies in the most profitable industries. This failure follows the Iranian nu-clear deal, providing over $100 billion to a regime that proclaims ‘‘death to America’’ and ‘‘death to Israel.’’ By failing to stop ISIL-Daesh, the President’s legacy has led to Syrians fleeing, children drowning at sea, and chemical weapons attacks killing Iraqi children in their homes. The President can still change course to promote a strong America with peace through strength. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
STEVEN STEINER IS A CREDIT TO THE GRANITE STATE (Mr. GUINTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a New Hampshire hero. Conway’s Steven Steiner, an emer-gency medical technician, has devoted his life to helping others. Off duty in Manchester one day, he noticed a com-motion. A car had stopped in traffic. Steven saw that the man behind the wheel had lost consciousness. He pulled the man from his car and successfully administered CPR, not once, but twice, after the man lost consciousness a sec-ond time. He had overdosed, unfortu-nately, on heroin. Steven, who lost his own son to an OxyContin overdose, saved that man’s life. ABC News happened to be there to document New Hampshire’s fight against opiates and heroin, capturing the life-or-death moment. Steven is a credit to the Granite State. He started Dads and Moms Against Drug Dealers to stop the spread of opiates and heroin in our great State of New Hampshire. Most heroin enters our country across the southern border, where I will visit this April to investigate. As Steven knows from experience, we must stop deadly drugs like heroin from entering our country, just as we must help those who are struggling with this addiction. 
f 
b1900 PRESERVE CASTNER RANGE (Mr. O’ROURKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask for the support and help of my colleagues to preserve a very special place in my community known as Castner Range. Castner Range is 7,000 acres in the Chihuahuan Desert wilderness, where you have unique flora and fauna and human history dating back to 10,000 years before our time. These 7,000 acres are a jewel to our binational region of 3 million people and a treasure to the United States. For that reason, I ask Congress to join my community in its grassroots efforts to preserve Castner Range as a national monument so that this gen-eration and those that follow can enjoy this national treasure in perpetuity. f 
IRAN AND NORTH KOREA COCONSPIRATORS IN MISCHIEF (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a satellite flying in space over the Super Bowl, a long-range missile test, 15 other missile launches, the test of a so- called hydrogen bomb, and threats to destroy Manhattan. This is North Ko-rean saber rattling in 2016 alone. It is safe to assume the Iranians were on site as witnesses to these latest vio-lations of international law. Why? Because the Iranian scientists have been present nearly every time the North Koreans have issued or launched missiles for decades. The rogue nations of Iran and North Korea have been working together since the 1980s on missile development. During the 1990s, they started devel-oping long-range ballistic missiles. By the 2000s, the Iranians were giving North Korea sensitive data from their own tests to improve North Korean missile systems. Mr. Speaker, North Korea already has the ability to attack South Korea, and Iran has the ability to attack Israel. These long-range missiles are intended for the United States. The American people should under-stand the threat we face. We should be prepared. Our Nation must sanction these belligerent powers and develop a robust missile defense system to pro-tect our homeland. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
FAILURES OF WMATA (Mrs. COMSTOCK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to address an issue of grave concern to my constituents. Last week’s unprecedented closure of the entire Metrorail system dem-onstrated Metro’s ongoing safety fail-ures. This week, the Federal Transit Administration launched its safety blitz of Metro, focusing on the training and oversight of inspectors and the maintenance workers, as well as the management of track defect data. Paul Wiedefeld, the new general man-ager of Metro, issued a letter to the public several weeks ago identifying many of the problems, including man-agement problems. First and foremost, he said: ‘‘The safety culture at Metro is not integrated with operations, nor well-rooted at all levels.’’ For example, although this has al-ready been noted, he noted that there were more red lights blown through in 2015 by its operators than in either 2013 or 2014. Clearly, we are going the wrong direction, and we need to improve Metro. I look forward to working with my colleagues on this important measure to protect the Metro system of the Na-tion’s capital. f 
STOP SEXUAL ABUSE OF AFGHAN CHILDREN (Mr. ROONEY of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, last fall, it was reported that sexual abuse of children by members of the Afghan military has been rampant for years, and that, in some instances, U.S. servicemembers have been punished for attempting to stop such abuse. As our mission in Afghanistan reaches 15 years, our troops should not feel that our strategy is undermined by Afghan forces committing human rights violations against innocent chil-dren. Along with 94 of my colleagues in both the House and the Senate, I re-quested a full inquiry into the U.S. Government’s experience with allega-tions of sexual abuse of children by members of the Afghan security and police forces. This investigation has been launched by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruc-tion, who will evaluate the Department of Defense’s and State Department’s policies and procedures for ensuring U.S. funds do not support human rights violators. Sexually harming innocent children should not be condoned in any part of the world, and the children of Afghani-stan deserve the same protection as any of God’s children. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. C
HAFFETZ (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and for the bal-ance of the week on account of a fam-ily obligation that requires him to be in his home State of Utah. Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas (at the re-quest of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and March 22 on account of official busi-ness. Ms. J
ACKSON LEE(at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and March 22 on account of official travel with Presi-dent Barack Obama to Cuba. Mr. J
EFFRIES (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and March 22 on account of traveling to Cuba with the President. 
f 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED Bills of the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MR7.041 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1494 March 21, 2016 
table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2143. An act to provide for the authority for the successors and assigns of the Starr- Camargo Bridge Company to maintain and operate a toll bridge across the Rio Grande near Rio Grande City, Texas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. S. 2512. An act to expand the tropical dis-ease product priority review voucher pro-gram to encourage treatments for Zika virus; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1831. An act to establish the Commis-sion on Evidence-Based Policymaking, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I move that the House do now ad-journ. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until tomorrow, Tuesday, March 22, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning- hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4666. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Mark I. Fox, United States Navy, and his advance-ment to the grade of vice admiral on the re-tired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4667. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2015 annual report on mining activities as re-quired by the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act of 2006, Public Law 109-236; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 4668. A letter from the Secretaries of the Departments, Department of Agriculture, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report to Congress from the Departments entitled ‘‘Notifications of Thefts, Losses, or Releases of Select Agents and Toxins for Calendar Year 2014’’, pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 8401(k); Pub. L 107-188, Sec. 212(k); (116 Stat. 656); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4669. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Revision 2 of RG 1.127 — Criteria and Design Features for Inspection Water Control Struc-tures Associated with Nuclear Power Plants received March 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4670. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-124, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); (82 Stat. 1326); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4671. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a semi-annual report detailing telecommunications- related payments made to Cuba pursuant to Department of the Treasury licenses during the period from July 1 through December 31, 2015, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 6004(e)(6); Public Law 102-484, Sec. 1705(e)(6) (as amended by Public Law 104-114, Sec. 102)(g)); (110 Stat. 794); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4672. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Somalia that was de-clared in Executive Order 13536 of April 12, 2010, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4673. A letter from the Executive Director, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s 2014 Annual Report to the President and Congress, pursu-ant to 15 U.S.C. 2076(j); Public Law 92-573, Sec. 27(j) (as amended by Public Law 110-314, Sec. 209(a)); (122 Stat. 3046); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 4674. A letter from the Chairman, National Endowment for the Humanities, transmit-ting the Endowment’s Performance and Ac-countability Report for Fiscal Year 2015, pur-suant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4675. A letter from the Human Resources Specialist (Executive Resources), Office of Advocacy, Small Business Administration, transmitting notification of action on nomi-nation, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4676. A letter from the Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmit-ting a report entitled, ‘‘RPTAC Has Im-proved the Appeal Assessment Process’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 4677. A letter from the Administrator, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notification that the cost of response and recovery efforts for FEMA-3375- EM in the State of Michigan has exceeded the $5 million limit for a single emergency declaration, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 5193(b)(3); Public Law 93-288, Sec. 503(b)(3) (as amended by Public Law 100-707, Sec. 107(a)); (102 Stat. 4707); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4678. A letter from the Director, Bureau of Transportation Statistics, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Bureau’s 2015 Transportation Statistics Annual Re-port, pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 6312; Public Law 112-141, Sec. 52011(a); (126 Stat. 894); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4679. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Fiscal Year 2014 Methane Hydrate Program Report to Congress, pursuant to 30 U.S.C. 2003(c)(1)(C); Public Law 109-58, Sec. 968(a); (119 Stat. 897); to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 4680. A letter from the Chief, Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Extension of Import Re-strictions Imposed on Certain Archae-ological and Ethnological Materials From the Republic of Colombia (RIN: 1515-AE08) received March 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4681. A letter from the Federal Register Li-aison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of the Loess Hills District Viticultural Area [Docket No.: TTB-2015- 0009; T.D. TTB-135; Ref: Notice No.: 153] (RIN: 1513-AC20) received March 10, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 4682. A letter from the Chief, Border Secu-rity Regulations Branch, Customs and Bor-der Protection, Department of Homeland Se-curity, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Flights to and from Cuba [USCBP-2016-0015] (RIN: 1651-AB10) received March 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Homeland Security. 4683. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of De-fense, transmitting the draft of proposed leg-islation entitled the ‘‘National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services, Over-sight and Government Reform, Education and the Workforce, Veterans’ Affairs, Ways and Means, Energy and Commerce, Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, Foreign Affairs, House Administration, the Judiciary, Nat-ural Resources, and Rules. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4336. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial of the cremated remains of per-sons who served as Women’s Air Forces Serv-ice Pilots in Arlington National Cemetery; with an amendment (Rept. 114–459, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 4472. A bill to amend title IV of the Social Security Act to require States to adopt a centralized electronic sys-tem to help expedite the placement of chil-dren in foster care or guardianship, or for adoption, across State lines, and to provide grants to aid States in developing such a sys-tem, and for other purposes; with an amend-ment (Rept. 114–460). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 653. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2745) to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise au-thority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same proce-dural manner as the Attorney General exer-cises such authority, and providing for pro-ceedings during the period from March 24, 2016, through April 11, 2016 (Rept. 114–461). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Armed Services dis-charged from further consideration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.025 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1495 March 21, 2016 
H.R. 4336 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 4815. A bill to impose sanctions with respect to the ballistic missile program of Iran, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Re-form, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PALAZZO (for himself, Mr. A
SHFORD , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. H
ARPER , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. P
OSEY , Ms. K USTER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. W
ESTMORELAND ): H.R. 4816. A bill to reform laws relating to small public housing agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama (for her-self, Mr. B
YRNE , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. R OG-
ERSof Alabama, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. P ALM-
ER): H.R. 4817. A bill to establish the Bir-mingham Civil Rights National Historical Park in Birmingham, Alabama as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 4818. A bill to amend the Pittman- Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to mod-ernize the funding of wildlife conservation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee (for him-self, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , and Mr. D ESJARLAIS ): H.R. 4819. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a grant program for States that provide flexi-bility in licensing for health care providers who offer services on a volunteer basis; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. FLEISCHMANN (for himself, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. H URD of Texas, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. K EATING , and Mr. V
ELA): H.R. 4820. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to use the testimonials of former or estranged violent extremists or their associates in order to counter terrorist recruitment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4821. A bill to make supplemental ap-propriations to provide additional funds to Americorps for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016; to the Committee on Appro-priations. By Mr. NUNES (for himself, Mr. S
TEW-
ART, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. R
OSS, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. M ARCH -
ANT, and Mr. B UCSHON ): H.R. 4822. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for reporting and disclosure by State and local public em-ployee retirement pension plans; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. TROTT (for himself, Mr. COL-
LINS of New York, and Mr. W ELCH ): H.R. 4823. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide for special procedures for P-2 nonimmigrants who are Canadian citizens, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 4824. A bill to prohibit restrictions on possession, storage, or use of firearms in Federal programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HANNA: H. Res. 654. A resolution recognizing and supporting the goals of ‘‘World Sleep Day’’, on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself and Mr. C
URBELO of Florida): H. Res. 655. A resolution expressing con-cern regarding the preventable loss of life as-sociated with sports-related sudden death of student athletes in the United States, and emphasizing the importance of rigorous, evi-dence-based pre-participation physical ex-aminations for student athletes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H. Res. 656. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Senate should not confirm a nominee to the United States Supreme Court whose pro-fessional record or statements display oppo-sition to the Second Amendment freedoms of law-abiding gun owners, including the funda-mental, individual right to keep and bear arms as affirmed in the District of Columbia et al. v. Heller and McDonald et al. v. City of Chicago, Illinois, et al. cases; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
180. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Michigan, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 6, memorializing the Congress of the United States to appropriate funds from the Nuclear Waste Fund for the establishment of a permanent repository for high-level nu-clear waste or reimburse electric utility cus-tomers who paid into the fund; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Appropriations. 181. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Michigan, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 8, urging the U.S. Department of Energy and the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission to fulfill their obli-gation, as provided by law, to establish a permanent repository for high-level nuclear waste; which was referred to the Committee on Appropriations. 182. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Colorado, relative to Senate Joint Memorial No.: 16-004, urging the Con-gress to reauthorize the federal ‘‘Older Americans Act of 1965’’ and to ensure that the reauthorization of the OAA treats all older adults fairly by eliminating the ‘‘hold harmless’’ provision; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 183. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to House Con-current Memorial 2001, urging the United States Congress to enact legislation to re-peal the tax on health insurance; which was referred jointly to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 4815. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. PALAZZO: H.R. 4816. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To make Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof . . .’’ By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama: H.R. 4817. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina: H.R. 4818. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Because this legislation adjusts how a state may spend federally appropriated funds, it is authorized by the Constitution under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, which grants Congress its spending power. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 4819. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Con-stitution, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Under Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Con-stitution, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power * * * To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. FLEISCHMANN: H.R. 4820. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.011 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1496 March 21, 2016 
States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4821. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution. By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 4822. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. TROTT: H.R. 4823. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 4824. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. Second Amendment to the United State Constitution: A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 292: Mr. B OUSTANY . H.R. 303: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 551: Mrs. B
EATTY and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 563: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 581: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 664: Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. B RADY of Penn- sylvania, and Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 699: Mr. H
ECKof Washington and Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 793: Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 814: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 816: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 953: Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. T ROTT . H.R. 997: Mr. M
ICA. H.R. 1062: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 1111: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 1135: Mr. H
IGGINS . H.R. 1174: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE . H.R. 1220: Mrs. W
AGNER , Ms. M ENG, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. H ER-
RERA BEUTLER , and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 1247: Mr. R
IBBLE . H.R. 1427: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , and Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1449: Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 1492: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 1499: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 1549: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1559: Mr. MCKINLEY and Mr. S CHRA -
DER. H.R. 1608: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. C ROWLEY , and Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 1655: Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mr. W
HITFIELD . H.R. 1713: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 1769: Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 1854: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1859: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 2068: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 2102: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2114: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 2137: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2197: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 2283: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 2515: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska and Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 2521: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 2589: Mr. P
OMPEO . H.R. 2622: Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 2638: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 2656: Mr. P
OCAN and Mr. T IBERI . H.R. 2666: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 2726: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 2752: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 2817: Mr. R
ANGEL and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H.R. 2861: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 2903: Mr. H
ARDY and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2932: Ms. F
UDGE . H.R. 2939: Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 2947: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 2976: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3081: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 3119: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3235: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 3377: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida and Mr. R
USH. H.R. 3514: Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3632: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 3660: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 3673: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 3675: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 3691: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 3706: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 3713: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 3751: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 3817: Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Mr. G IB-
SON, and Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3880: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 3929: Mr. O
LSON , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Caro-lina, Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. W
OMACK , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. H
UDSON , and Mr. G UTHRIE . H.R. 3952: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 4087: Ms. K
APTUR and Mr. H IGGINS . H.R. 4276: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 4305: Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. G
IBSON , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 4314: Ms. S
INEMA and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 4333: Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , and Mr. W EBER of Texas. H.R. 4336: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. K IND, Ms. H ER-
RERA BEUTLER , Mr. P ERRY , and Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 4352: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 4365: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 4376: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 4456: Mr. YARMUTH and Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 4479: Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 4503: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H.R. 4505: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4514: Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 4519: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 4534: Mr. W
OMACK . H.R. 4544: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 4567: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 4602: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 4609: Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 4612: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4615: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 4622: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 4625: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 4626: Mrs. M
ILLER of Michigan and Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4636: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. H
UELSKAMP . H.R. 4640: Mr. R
OSS, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 4667: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 4675: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 4681: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 4694: Mr. H
IGGINS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 4715: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama and Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4717: Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. S IMPSON , and Mr. G
IBSON . H.R. 4731: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. R
OUZER , and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 4742: Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. R
IGELL , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 4764: Mr. P
ERRY and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 4776: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 4785: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 4787: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 4810: Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.J. Res. 1: Mr. R
OKITA . H.J. Res. 2: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi and Mr. R
OKITA . H.J. Res. 22: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.J. Res. 84: Mrs. L
UMMIS . H.J. Res. 85: Mrs. N
OEM. H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. N
EUGEBAUER . H. Res. 12: Mr. L
AHOOD. H. Res. 130: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H. Res. 584: Mr. K
EATING . H. Res. 591: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. F
ARR, and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H. Res. 642: Ms. T
ITUS. H. Res. 645: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H. Res. 650: Mr. R
OYCE . f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
53. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Polk County Board of Commissioners, Tennessee, relative to Resolution No. 1–1–16, supporting Governor Haslam’s Insure Ten-nessee Initiative; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR7.027 H21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1613 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MARCH 21, 2016 No. 44 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 and 05 seconds a.m., and was called to order by the Honorable J
OHN CORNYN , a Senator from the State of Texas. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, March 21, 2016. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable J
OHNCORNYN , a Sen- ator from the State of Texas, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. Mr. CORNYN thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 2016 The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 11 a.m. on Thursday, March 24, 2016. Thereupon, the Senate at 10 and 39 seconds a.m., adjourned until Thurs-day, March 24, 2016, at 11 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Mar 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR6.000 S21MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE341 March 21, 2016 
HONORING CHIEF JUDGE MICHAEL DAVIS 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the years of service of U.S. District Court Chief Judge Michael Davis as he retires and assumes senior status in August 2015. Educated at Macalester College in St. Paul, and the University of Minnesota Law School, Chief Judge Davis has dedicated his career to advancing the highest justice and in-tegrity within the legal community. From his early work as law clerk for the Legal Rights Center from 1971 to 1973, to his time as an attorney in Social Security Administration in Baltimore, to a criminal defense lawyer for the Neighborhood Justice Center in 1974, Chief Judge Davis has upheld the principled de-fense of equal justice under the law. Returning to the Legal Rights Center as an attorney in 1975, and in his later work as an attorney for the Minneapolis Civil Rights Com-mission, he continued his commitment to legal excellence. As a Judge for the Hennepin County Municipal Court, he earned a reputa-tion as a strong legal mind with a firm devo-tion to justice. His service to the community and legal profession has helped to ensure open and equitable access to justice. Davis’s contribution to the founding of the Pro Se Project in May 2009, which helps pro-vide litigants in Minnesota with a volunteer at-torney, demonstrates his passion for fair ac-cess to legal counsel for all. His influence in the international arena has taken him to Egypt, Uganda, and Senegal, where he has offered insight on intellectual property law from an American perspective. His travels to Saudi Arabia, which facilitated the travel of a group of Saudi Judges to the United States to learn about the United States justice system, has no doubt enriched the understandings of the glob-al judicial community. As a leader in the community, Davis has championed the court’s involvement in out-reach and education, including the 2013 Dred Scott Project. This collaboration between the Minnesota District Court, the Minnesota chap-ter of the Federal Bar Association, the Bloom-ington Human Rights Commission, and the Bloomington Parks and Recreation Depart-ment included bringing historical presentations to high school classrooms in Bloomington and the installation of a new plaque for the Dred Scott Playing Fields. Chief Judge Davis has worked tirelessly to educate and inspire future generations of at-torneys and judges as an instructor and pro-fessor at the William Mitchell School of Law, the University of Minnesota Law School, and the Minnesota Institute of Legal Education. In 1993, he was nominated for federal judicial service as a Judge in the U.S. District Court of Minnesota by President Bill Clinton. He has served as the first African-American Chief Judge of the District of Minnesota since 2008. As Chief Judge of the district, Judge Davis has brought diversity and compassionate de-liberation to the courts, while presiding over pressing budgetary issues and a demanding case-load. Chief Judge Davis has led an outstandingly impactful career, defined by his impassioned pursuit of integrity under the law and service to his community. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE JOHNS HOPKINS BLOOMBERG-KIMMEL INSTITUTE FOR CANCER IMMUNOTHERAPY 
HON. MARK TAKAI 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to recognize the establishment of the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg-Kimmel Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy. I personally look for-ward to all of the innovative programs that they will establish and the lives they will save. This cutting-edge treatment will revolutionize cancer treatment. This form of medicine works to harness the body’s existing immune system to destroy cancerous cells, without harming healthy ones, as an effective treatment against nearly all solid tumors. This year funding for the National Institutes of Health was $32.1 billion, a $2 billion in-crease over the year before. This increase is in no small part due to the diligence and per-severance of Vice President B
IDEN who is spearheading the White House’s Cancer Moonshot. Increased funding in cancer re-search will allow for more research into preci-sion medicine programs, which will help de-velop even more personalized technologies expand their reach. I know this generation can be the one to cure cancer, and it is due to out-standing research institutions such as the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg-Kimmel Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy. Once again, I would like to thank Johns Hopkins for their commitment to fighting can-cer and congratulate them on the establish-ment of this new center. I look forward to wit-nessing their important strides and break-throughs in the field of cancer research. Thank you (Mahalo). 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE 60TH AIR MOBIL-ITY WING 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Women Airforce Service Pi-lots, known as WASPs. These women were remarkable, flying 78 different types of military aircraft for the United States Army Air Forces during World War II. They were stationed throughout the United States—281 WASPs served at 16 Army Air Bases in my home state of California. And of the 1,074 graduated pilots, 193 of them were Californians. WASPs contributed invaluably to the War effort, answering their nation’s call when there was a shortage of male pilots. They flew over 60 million miles of operation flights, right alongside their male counterparts. But despite their patriotism and selfless serv-ice, they did not receive Veteran’s Status until 1977. ‘‘Service to country’’ is the common thread that binds all who are remembered and hon-ored at Arlington National Cemetery. Yet even today, these heroes are not afforded the trib-ute of being laid to rest there. I have cospon-sored bipartisan legislation that would allow the Women Airforce Service Pilots to be inurned at Arlington. And I will continue to ad-vocate for the rights of these pioneers. March is Women’s History Month, and these women shaped our history in so many ways. They were fearless aviators, they proved that they were just as capable as male pilots, and they began to knock down gender barriers. They paved the way to opening up all combat roles to women in the military. It is my distinct honor to recognize these women, their accomplishments, and the im-pact they have had on our Nation’s history. f 
WELCOMING HOME OUR VIETNAM VETERANS 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the remarkable Americans who served in the Vietnam war. These heroes never re-ceived the proper ‘‘welcome home’’ they de-served, so I want to take a moment to recog-nize each of them and thank them for their service and sacrifice. Over three million Americans fought in Viet-nam, in addition to countless others who served in various support roles. These individ-uals left the loving arms of their families and the comfort of their homes to fight for a cause greater than any one person. The fight was not an easy one and the conditions were es-pecially daunting, but they chose to put their lives on the line in defense of freedom and so others may live. Sadly, some of these American heroes never made the return home. Over 55,000 pa-triots paid the ultimate sacrifice while serving our great nation. These individuals are now enshrined in our nation’s history on the Viet-nam Veterans Memorial in our nation’s capital, and their legacy will never be forgotten. I would be remiss if I did not also mention the sacrifice of our military families who saw 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21MR8.001 E21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE342 March 21, 2016 
someone they loved go away to war. I’m talk-ing about the newlywed wife whose husband departed just months after their marriage. I’m talking about the young toddler who barely knew their father before they deployed. I’m talking about the mom and dad who shed tears as their young child left to join the fight. I’m talking about each and every family mem-ber who had someone they loved fight in Viet-nam. They sacrificed so much and deserve to be commended as well. Mr. Speaker, today we salute those who served our nation in Vietnam, and, on behalf of a grateful nation, we thank them for their patriotism and service. May we never forget their sacrifice, may God bless our veterans, and may God always bless the United States of America. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be at votes on the evening of March 14, 2016 because my flight from Portland, Or-egon, was delayed. If I had been present, I would have voted for passage of S. 2426, H. Con. Res. 75, and H. Con. Res. 121, all of which passed the House under suspension of the rules. S. 2426, a bill to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization, would move Taiwan clos-er to having access to the International Crimi-nal Police Organization’s (INTERPOL) global police communication system. In November 2015, I voted for a similar bill, H.R. 1853, and I support policies that further Taiwan’s partici-pation in international relations. H. Con. Res. 75, a resolution expressing the sense of Congress that atrocities committed by ISIL against religious and ethnic minorities are ‘‘war crimes,’’ ‘‘crimes against humanity,’’ ‘‘genocide’’ passed the House unanimously. I support the resolution, and I would have voted for it if I had been present. H. Con. Res. 121, a resolution expressing the sense of Congress condemning the gross violations of international law amounting to war crimes and crimes against humanity by the Government of Syria, its allies, and other parties to the conflict in Syria, passed the House by a vote of 392–3, and I would have voted for the bill if I had been present. The atrocities committed against the citizens of Syria are appalling and inhumane, and I strongly condemn them. 
f 
HONORING THE LEADERSHIP OF NELLIS AIR FORCE BASE 
HON. CRESENT HARDY 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of five of the most out-standing leaders in our United States Air Force. These five men, Major General Jay Silveria, Brigadier General Christopher Short, Colonel Richard Boutwell, Colonel Thomas Dempsey, and Colonel Aaron Steffens, have all served with honor and distinction at Nellis Air Force Base back in my district in southern Nevada. For those who do not know, Nellis Air Force Base is the most important asset in our Air Force. So important, in fact, that there is the oft repeated slogan that, ‘‘As goes Nellis, so goes the United States Air Force.’’ And this isn’t just some clever saying. Nellis is home to the Air Force’s most advanced and realistic schools and training exercises. It is truly the epicenter of the three T’s: testing, tactics, and training. With the vast array of resources and mis-sions carried out at the base, our Airmen are able to take the fight to our enemies with the full force and power of the world’s greatest Air Force. As a freshman Member of Congress, I could not have asked for a better cadre of officers to lead the many young servicemembers who call my district home. Their principled leader-ship and dogged determination to achieve ex-cellence in every facet of their mission is truly an inspiration to everyone in our community. It has been a privilege to develop strong working relationships with each of these com-manders, and to seek their informed counsel on some of the most pressing issues affecting the readiness and capabilities of our Air Force as well as our national security priorities. While I am sad to see them go, I know that they will bring the same integrity and leader-ship to their new commands. To Tonto, Junior, Chase, Vader, and Fangs, the nation is grateful for your service, and I wish you all the best. Aim High. f 
VOTING RIGHTS ACT 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus in this critical fight to ensure full voting rights for all Americans. I’d like to thank my colleagues, Congress-woman J
OYCE BEATTY , and Congressman H
AKEEM JEFFRIES for organizing this special order and for their dedicated leadership in pro-tecting the right of all Americans to vote. I’d also like to thank Chairman G. K. B
UTTERFIELD for his leadership of our caucus as we work to ensure equality and democracy for all American families. Mr. Speaker, since 2013, when the Su-preme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act in their Shelby County v. Holder decision, too many Americans have seen their voting rights weakened and undermined. This year, as we celebrated the 51st anni-versary of the historic civil rights march from Selma to Montgomery, the very progress we celebrated was under attack. This year, 16 states have enacted new vot-ing restrictions for the first time in a presi-dential election since the Voting Rights Act was made law more than 50 years ago. These new barriers range from unnecessary voter ID laws, to ending same-day voter registration, and reducing or completely eliminating early voting. Since 2010, 21 states have implemented new restrictions. This is a crisis. While states have put up barriers, Speaker RYAN, Judiciary Chairman G OODLATTE and some Congressional Republicans have ig-nored the clear, bipartisan consensus to fix the Voting Rights Act and restore voting rights protections for all Americans. Republican Congressman J
AMES SENSEN -
BRENNER has introduced the bipartisan Voting Rights Amendment Act (H.R. 885), which I am proud to co-sponsor with more than 100 other Members of Congress. This is a good first step to restoring voting protections for all Americans. But let me be clear—simply fixing the Voting Rights Act isn’t enough. We need to empower voters and Congress-woman S
EWELL ’s bill—the Voting Rights Ad-vancement Act (H.R. 2867)—would do just that. It’s past time that Congress got serious about protecting voting rights and passing the Voting Rights Advancement Act—and we are here to support these efforts. Our work is not over until the voice of every American is heard. So I join my colleagues in the CBC tonight to implore our colleagues in the House to work harder to protect the bed-rock of our democracy—the right to vote. 
f 
DEFINING CERTAIN ATROCITIES AS WAR CRIMES, CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY, AND GENO-CIDE 
SPEECH OF  
HON. TULSI GABBARD 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 14, 2016 Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I co-spon-sored and will vote for H. Con. Res. 75 be-cause of my grave concern about the geno-cide against Christians, Alawites, Shiites, Druze, Yazidis, and other religious minorities in Syria. However, I was extremely dis-appointed by amendment language later added to this resolution in Committee that pro-vides ‘‘cover’’ or an excuse for ISIS and other terrorist organizations committing this geno-cide. Specifically, the language I object to is the following: ‘‘Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s violence against the Syrian people has at-tracted foreign fighters from around the world, who have supported and committed ISIL atrocities.’’ I fully reject this amendment to the resolu-tion which gives moral legitimacy to the ac-tions of ISIS, al-Qaeda, and others who are committing genocide against Christians, Yazidis, and other religious minorities in Syria. This amendment is an obvious attempt to make ISIS look like their cause is legitimate. This is unacceptable and undermines the heart of this resolution. This is very unfortunate because the prob-lem of genocide against Christians, Yazidis, and other religious minorities in Syria is very serious. The main area in Syria where Chris-tians and other religious minorities have any protection from being slaughtered, and where they can practice their own religious faiths without fear of persecution, is in the territory controlled by the Syrian government of Assad. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21MR8.004 E21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE343 March 21, 2016 
The reality is that the language added to this Resolution, coupled with its sister H. Con. Res. 121, is really aimed at justifying the over-throw of Assad—the result of which would be a complete assault and elimination of the Christians and other religious minorities in Syria. The fact that this Resolution, which was originally introduced to increase protection for Christians, Yazidis and other religious minori-ties, has now been hijacked so it becomes a vehicle to increase the likelihood of even greater genocide against those religious mi-norities is a disgrace. The reality is that if the Assad government is overthrown tomorrow, every Christian, every Yazidi, and every other religious minority and ethnic minority in Syria will be in greater dan-ger than ever before from ISIS, al-Qaeda, and others who are slaughtering them. This Resolution is no longer a sincere effort to protect religious minorities. It has become a resolution to give moral legitimacy to ISIS and al-Qaeda’s genocidal activities, and would bring about even greater genocide of such re-ligious minorities by eliminating the only area where they now have refuge—in Assad-con-trolled areas. 
f 
DEFINING CERTAIN ATROCITIES AS WAR CRIMES, CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY, AND GENO-CIDE 
SPEECH OF  
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 14, 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, today we take a step reserved for only the most dire of cir-cumstances. The so-called Islamic State—or ‘‘ISIS’’—is committing war crimes, crimes against human-ity, and genocide against religious and ethnic minorities. Yes, genocide. House Concurrent Resolution 75—led by Congressman J
EFF F
ORTENBERRY , Congresswoman A NNA ESHOO , and more than 200 bipartisan cosponsors— declares that fact clearly, and was adopted unanimously by the Foreign Affairs Committee earlier this month. Our Committee has held many hearings on this group’s brutal war to eliminate religious minorities and bulldoze their histories. ISIS’s tools include mass murder, beheadings, cru-cifixions, rape, torture, enslavement, and the kidnaping of children, among other atrocities. ISIS dynamites churches and flattens ancient monasteries. Put simply, their desire is to erase the existence of these groups from their self-proclaimed caliphate, by any means nec-essary. The crime of genocide is killing or inflicting other serious harm with the intent to destroy a religious or ethnic group—in whole or in part. ISIS is guilty. ISIS has clearly stated that it cannot tolerate the continued existence of the Yezidi commu-nity, and has followed these statements up with widespread killing and enslavement. Last fall, our Committee Members met with ‘‘Bazi,’’ a young Yezidi woman from Iraq, who bravely recounted her brutal captivity and abuse at the hands of the terrorist group. ISIS also has made no secret of its ‘‘hatred for the cross worshippers.’’ In one of their gruesome videos addressed to Christians, an ISIS spokesman taunts the so-called ‘‘people of the cross’’ saying ‘‘you will not have safe-ty—even in your dreams—until you embrace Islam.’’ Next, 15 Christian captives are be-headed on camera. Sister Diana Momeka, who testified before us after fleeing the ISIS offensive against Mosul, poignantly described a ‘‘cultural and human genocide,’’ and observed that today ‘‘[t]he only Christians that remain in the Plain of Niniveh those who are held as hostages.’’ Most telling: Ask how many of the ancient, indigenous Christian communities survive in the areas where ISIS has consolidated its con-trol? Experts inform me that the number is zero. ISIS brutalizes anyone whose beliefs conflict with its own narrow ideology, including fellow Muslims. It has torn the rich religious and cul-tural tapestry of that region to shreds. At a hearing four months ago, when Ambas-sador Anne Patterson, representing the Ad-ministration, was asked whether ISIS is com-mitting genocide, she said that we could ex-pect ‘‘some announcements on that very shortly.’’ We are still waiting. In December, I wrote Secretary Kerry a bi-partisan letter, with 29 colleagues, urging that any genocide determination must reflect the full reality of the situation faced by all groups—Yezidis, Christians, and others. The State Department is facing a statutory dead-line of March 17th—this Thursday—to provide Congress with an evaluation of the genocide question. Today’s consideration puts Congress on record as to how the Secretary of State should rule. This past week, the Knights of Columbus sent Secretary Kerry an extensive 280-page report that provides both the legal basis and more than 200 pages of detailed, eyewitness documentation to support its conclusion that ‘‘ISIS is committing genocide—the ‘crime of crimes’—against Christians and other religious groups.’’ The U.S. Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom and the European Parliament have found their voices: Both have publicly concluded that Yezidis, Christians, and other minority groups are facing genocide at the hands of ISIS in Syria and Iraq. Today, the voice of this body, representing the American people, will be heard. The House of Representatives led the push to recognize genocide in Sudan in the late 1990s. I remember the critical role we played in that debate. We have recognized genocide in other situations, including Rwanda and the former Yugoslavia. Sadly, it is time to make this solemn declaration again, to speak the truth about the atrocities of ISIS, and hope that the Administration and the world will do the same, before ISIS has succeeded in its genocidal campaign. And it should go without saying, this brutal terrorist organization and its caliphate ambitions must be shattered. AUTHORIZING THE SPEAKER TO APPEAR AS AMICUS CURIAE ON BEHALF OF THE HOUSE SPEECH OF  
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 17, 2016 Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I submit this state-ment to publicly express my strong opposition to H. Res. 639. I will vote against this resolu-tion as I have already signed onto an amicus brief to the Supreme Court supporting Presi-dent Obama’s Executive Action on deferred action. Today, Speaker R
YANbrought a completely partisan resolution to the House Floor. H. Res. 639 would grant him the power to file an ami-cus brief with the Supreme Court on behalf of the entire House of Representatives to support the one-sided position of only 26 GOP-con-trolled states in the partisan lawsuit of United States v. Texas. These states are claiming that the Administration did not have the legal authority under the laws of the United States to issue its Immigration Executive Action in November 2014. Speaker R
YAN does not re-flect my view or the view of many of my fellow colleagues on the Hill. What Speaker R
YAN ignores is that every single Democratic and Republican President since Eisenhower has used that authority to take action on immigration, including six Re-publican Presidents, and as recently as 2012, the Supreme Court, including Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Anthony Kennedy, recognized the legitimacy of Executive Branch discretion in immigration. Last year, I joined 181 House Democrats in signing an amicus brief in support of President Obama’s Executive Action on immigration be-cause the deferred action programs derive from the Executive Branch’s longstanding legal authority to exercise discretion in the en-forcement of our immigration laws, to take necessary actions to carry out the Executive’s authority under the Immigration and Nationality Act, and to establish national immigration en-forcement policies and priorities. Instead of these divisive and partisan ac-tions, Speaker R
YAN should take up com-prehensive immigration reform that sets out a path to citizenship for the millions of people leaving in the United States. 
f 
CONDEMNING VIOLATIONS OF INTERNATIONAL LAW BY THE GOVERNMENT OF SYRIA 
SPEECH OF  
HON. TULSI GABBARD 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 14, 2016 Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose H. Con. Res. 121. Make no mistake, this is a War Bill—a thinly veiled attempt to use the rationale of ‘‘humani-tarianism’’ as a justification for overthrowing the Syrian government of Assad. Similar reso-lutions were used in the past to legitimize the regime change wars to overthrow the govern-ments of Iraq and Libya. I will have no part of it. I oppose H. Con. Res. 121 because I op-pose more unnecessary, interventionist regime change wars. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MR8.001 E21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE344 March 21, 2016 
We all know that Bashar al-Assad, the President of Syria, is a brutal dictator. But this resolution’s purpose is not merely to recognize him as such. Rather, it is a call to action. Spe-cifically, it is a call to escalate our war to over-throw the Syrian government of Assad. For the last five years, the United States, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and others have been working hand-in-hand to overthrow the Assad government, supposedly for humanitarian rea-sons. But how has our war to overthrow Assad helped humanity? Hundreds of thousands of Syrians have been killed. Millions have become homeless refugees. Much of the country’s infrastructure has been destroyed. Terrorist organizations like ISIS, Al-Qaeda, and others have taken over large areas of the country and are en-gaging in genocide. And now, the same peo-ple who are behind this war to overthrow Assad want to escalate that war, and this res-olution is an attempt to gin up public support for such an escalation. This resolution urges the Administration to create ‘‘additional mechanisms for the protec-tion of civilians’’ which is coded language for the creation of a so-called ‘‘no-fly’’ or ‘‘safe zone.’’ The creation of a ‘‘no fly zone’’ or ‘‘safe zone’’ in Syria would be a major escalation of the war. Such a measure would cost billions of dollars, require tens of thousands of ground troops and a massive U.S. air presence, and it won’t work. Furthermore, it will likely result in a direct confrontation between the United States and Russia. Fortunately, President Obama has thus far resisted pressure to esca-late the war in this way. The fact is that the main area in Syria where Christians, Alawites, Shiites, Druze, Yazidis and other religious minorities can practice their faith without fear of persecution is in the Syrian territories where Assad main-tains control. Therefore, the overthrow of Assad would worsen the genocidal activities by ISIS, al-Qaeda and other terrorist organiza-tions against Christians, Alawites, and other Syrian religious minorities. H. Con. Res. 121 could be used to lay the groundwork for the escalation of the present U.S. military action aimed at overthrowing the Assad government. Previous Congresses passed Iraq and Libya resolutions, which were used for remarkably similar ends in several ways. The Iraq resolu-tion was introduced in 1998, and it called upon the United States to ‘‘take steps necessary, in-cluding the reprogramming of funds, to ensure United States support for efforts to bring Sad-dam Hussein and other Iraqi officials to jus-tice.’’ The Libya resolution went further, urging ‘‘the United Nations Security Council to take such further action as may be necessary to protect civilians in Libya from attack, including the possible imposition of a no-fly zone over Libyan territory.’’ Both of those statements, while not legally binding, were a part of the public campaign that were later used to build support for U.S. military action. Similarly, H. Con. Res. 121 urging ‘‘the Ad-ministration to establish additional mecha-nisms for the protection of civilians and to en-sure consistent and equitable access to hu-manitarian aid for vulnerable populations’’ could be used for similar ends by a future ad-ministration. Of course, there are many differences in the Iraq, Libya and Syria conflicts, as well as the military action taken. But if the U.S. learned nothing else in Iraq and Libya, we should have learned that toppling ruthless dictators in the Middle East creates even more human suf-fering and strengthens our enemy, groups like ISIS and other terrorist organizations, in those countries. It is undeniable that in both Iraq and Libya, humanitarian conditions today are far worse than they were before those governments were overthrown, and ISIS and other terrorist organizations are more powerful, causing even more human suffering. If the U.S. is successful in its current effort to overthrow the Syrian government of Assad, allowing ISIS, Al-Qaeda, and other terrorist groups to take over all of Syria, including the Assad-controlled areas where Christians and other religious minorities remain protected, then the United States will be morally culpable for the genocide that will result. This is exactly what happened when we overthrew Saddam Hussein in Iraq. It is what happened in Libya when we overthrew Muam-mar Gaddafi. To do the same thing over and over and expect a different outcome is insan-ity. 
f 
HONORING BLM UKIAH FIELD DIRECTOR RICH BURNS 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Director Rich Burns for his great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, busi-nesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the estab-lishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Director Burns to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collabo-rating in the future. f 
MILESTONES AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I submit the fol-lowing biographies. 
BAKER O’BRIEN This year’s Milestones Award Recipient for the Arts category is Baker O’Brien, an estab-lished world-class glass artist and long-time supporter of the arts in Toledo, Ohio. Ms. O’Brien was the sole apprentice of legendary glass-master Dominick Labino and has been mixing, melting, blowing and casting vividly colored glass for over 30 years. Her work is part of private collections around the world, and some of the more well- known recipients of her work include Her Majesty Queen Noor of Jordan, Her Majesty Queen Sirikit of Thailand, Former Secretary of State Madeline Albright, Former Mayor of New York City Rudy Guliani, Dr. C. Everett Koop, China Wildlife Conservation Associa-tion of Beijing, Beijing, China, and concert pianist Andre´Watts. Ms. O’Brien has also donated her work to a wide variety of local organizations for fund-raising. Over nearly 30 years, she has further supported the development of the arts in the Toledo area by educating docents from the Toledo Museum of Art. These docents, who are primarily women, are on the front lines of public arts education. Ms. O’Brien pas-sionately ensures that they have correct and accurate information to pass along to mu-seum patrons regarding both the art and science of glass. Her lectures and demonstra-tions include a combination of not only the science and history of glass art, but also the Labino Studio. She has served as a guest art-ist for the museum on numerous occasions. Outside of her work creating and sup-porting the arts, Ms. O’Brien has a passion for animals and owns several horses and purebred dogs. This community is truly for-tunate to have a local champion for the arts and art education. K
ATHLEEN ZOUHARY  Kathleen M. Zouhary is this year’s Mile-stones Awards Recipient for her work ad-vancing women in Business. Ms. Zouhary is a lawyer by trade and became one of the first female partners in the law firm of Fuller and Henry in 1981. Her distinguished legal career is punc-tuated by other firsts, such as becoming the first Vice-President and General Counsel for St. Luke’s Hospital in Toledo. She also served as the Vice-President and General Counsel for Ohio Care Health System, Inc. Her wisdom and expertise assisted physi-cians, board members, and executives in ful-filling the mission of providing healthcare to Toledo-area residents. Ms. Zouhary cur-rently owns her own business, Zouhary Dis-pute Resolution, which provides many forms of dispute resolution services to the finan-cial and health care communities. In addition to her professional work, Ms. Zouhary has served on the Susan G. Komen Board for many years, the Miami University Board of Trustees, and the Toledo Legal Aid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MR8.004 E21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE345 March 21, 2016 
Society Board of Trustees. She has selflessly given her time and expertise to organiza-tions which support health, education, and access to legal services. She has served as a mentor to other women and is known for her inspiring perseverance, patience, and profes-sionalism in eliminating barriers to success for women of all walks of life. She is an ac-tive member of the Toledo Women’s Bar As-sociation, Ohio Women’s Bar Association, and several other professional groups. Her colleagues have described her approach as ‘‘grace under fire,’’ and she is certainly an inspiration to business-women in the Toledo community. Ms. Zouhary’s dedication and integrity make her an outstanding role model for Toledo women, including her two daughters Katie Marie and Alexis, who are now both successful attorneys in their own right. J
ULIE RUBINI  Julie K. Rubini is the 2016 Milestones Award Recipient in the field of Education. She is the founder of Claire’s Day, which is the largest Children’s Book Festival and lit-eracy awards program in the Toledo commu-nity. Ms. Rubini is an author with published books such as ‘‘Hidden Ohio’’ and ‘‘Missing Millie Benson.’’ Her work has provided chil-dren and families the opportunity to be life-long readers. Her daughter, Claim Lynsey Rubin, passed away suddenly in 2000 as a result of a rare heart condition. To honor her daughter’s leg-acy, Ms. Rubini established Claire’s Day in 2001. At that time, Claire’s Day was a one- day free family book festival to encourage reading, storytelling, music and education. In 2011, in conjunction with her husband Brad, Claire’s Day formed a board of trustees to provide oversight, governance, and long- term leadership for the organization. The or-ganization has brought many female authors to speak at local schools. In 2015, Claire’s Day merged with Read for Literacy, and Ms. Rubini continues to serve on the Emeritus Board of Read for Literacy. She also volunteers her time to advance lit-eracy programming in all of Northwest Ohio. She received the Jefferson Award for Com-munity Service for this work. In addition, Ms. Rubini serves on Maumee City Council. Ms. Rubini’s work, both professionally and philanthropically, is dedicated to helping others and supporting literacy among chil-dren and families. Out of tragedy she was in-spired to use her time, talent, and deter-mination to support literacy in the Toledo area and beyond. M
AYOR PAULA HICKS-HUDSON  Paula Hicks-Hudson is the 2016 Milestones Awards Recipient for her contributions to Government in Toledo, Ohio. Throughout her 35-year career she has worked with under-served women in various governmental ca-pacities, culminating in her recent role as the first African-American woman to serve as Mayor of Toledo. Paula Hicks-Hudson’s path to Mayor has consistently shown her dedication to the underrepresented populations of Toledo. She worked to protect the rights of young women and juveniles when serving as assistant Lucas County Prosecutor, Assistant Public Defender, and Assistant State Attorney Gen-eral. From 1998 to 2002 she served as the Leg-islative Director of the Toledo City Council. Afterwards, she was the Director and Deputy Director of the Lucas County Board of Elec-tions, ensuring access to the electoral proc-ess for Lucas County residents. Additionally, Mayor Hicks-Hudson worked as the chief legal counsel to the Ohio Office of Budget and Management under Governor Ted Strickland. She is most recently known for serving on the Toledo City Council for four years, prior to becoming Mayor of Toledo. Outside of her contributions through her career, Mayor Hicks-Hudson has served as variety of organizations in support of women and minorities, including the Coalition for Quality Education, the NAACP, the Fredrick Douglass Community Center, the African- American Law Enforcement Agents, and the state and national Federations of Business and Professional Women, Inc. Her work has earned her recognition by the Urban Minor-ity Alcohol and Drug Outreach Program. In addition to these roles Mayor Hicks- Hudson has also volunteered her time to the YWCA in support of empowering women. She has maintained the highest levels of service in leadership and truly improved the quality of life for all those in our community, espe-cially women and children. DR. PAMOATIS, MD Dr. Pamela Oatis is this year’s Milestones Award Recipient in the Sciences category, but her contributions to this area go far be-yond scientific endeavors. Dr. Oatis has been a pediatrician, primary and palliative care provider for Toledo-area patients for the past 30 years. Dr. Oatis’s contributions to this area have achieved significant recognition outside of the YWCA. She was selected by the Amer-ican Chapter of Pediatrics as the 2011 Out-standing Physician of the Year for the entire state of Ohio. She also developed the CATCH program, which ensures community access to child health, and provides oversight to the Healthy Tomorrow program. She is involved in the development of med-ical ethics and has also led several hundred workshops, groups and classes for women’s health on a national and international level. Dr. Oatis also devotes her time to teaching and providing regional leadership for Re- evaluation Counseling—a community peer listening program. In addition to this work, she was the initiating physician champion for the Medical-Legal Partnership for Chil-dren and is a certified instructor of Building Emotional Understanding from the inter-national Hand in Hand Parenting. Dr. Oatis, like her mother, Ruth, has been a lifelong advocate for women. She works tirelessly to advance and empower women of all ages to take charge of their health. For recreation, she competes in Olympic dis-tance triathlons and has competed on a na-tional and international level. D
R. CELIA WILLIAMSON  Celia Williamson, Ph.D. is the 2016 Mile-stones Awards recipient in the field of Social Services. Dr. Williamson received her B.A. in Social Work from the University of Toledo, and went on to earn a Masters Degree in the field from Case Western Reserve University as well as her Ph.D from Indiana University. She has used this training to devote the past 20 years toward responding to social injus-tice, particularly the abuses of women who are victims of human trafficking. Dr. Williamson founded the first anti-traf-ficking program in Ohio in 1993, long before the human trafficking conversation came to the forefront. As a social worker, Dr. Williamson founded the Second Chance pro-gram, now known as RISE, in Lucas County. RISE continues to work with women and girls who were victims of the human traf-ficking industry. Her academic work in-cludes 9 completed studies, 17 articles, and 2 edited books on sex trafficking. Her work was recognized via federal funding from 2002 through 2012 to conduct research in this area. In fact, she has been awarded research grants totaling over $1 million to assist vul-nerable women and trafficked youth. As an activist and community organizer, Dr. Williamson founded the International Human Trafficking and Social Justice Con-ference, and chairs the Research and Anal-ysis Subcommittee for the Ohio Attorney General’s Human Trafficking Commission. Her devotion to helping the most vulnerable women in our community is undeniable, as she was instrumental in securing an FBI task force in Lucas County to address the issue of rescuing children from Toledo’s sex trade. Dr. Williamson also devotes her time to teaching interns who are interested in ad-dressing the issue of human trafficking, and she has been a lifelong educator on oppres-sion and social justice. Dr. Williamson has received much recogni-tion for her work in social services, and truly embodies the YWCA’s mission. Her work to address the issue of ‘‘modem slavery through human trafficking has cemented her status as an inspiration to women in Toledo and throughout the country. ADRIENNE GREEN  This year’s Milestones Award recipient for Volunteerism is Adrienne Green. Ms. Green was selected for her outstanding leadership and tireless efforts in raising awareness about the importance of volunteerism in the Toledo community. Although Ms. Green is not originally from Toledo, she is deeply passionate about the impact volunteers play in improving the lives of Toledo-area residents, especially women in need, and has consistently dem-onstrated her commitment by serving in a variety of volunteer leadership roles. For ex-ample, Ms. Green has had an active role in the ProMedica Toledo Hospital board, the Women’s Initiative of the United Way, Read for Literacy, Maumee Valley Habitat for Hu-manity, Toledo Chapter of the Links, Zonta Club Toledo I, International, and Big Broth-ers Big Sisters. Many of these endeavors overlap with the mission of the YWCA by providing services and opportunities for women, especially those with limited resources. In addition to this work, Ms. Green works as a project manager at Owens Corning. She has consist-ently been willing to take on difficult tasks to support the community when others may be reluctant to do so. Her friends and col-leagues have described her as ‘‘always help-ing someone, without hesitation.’’ In 2015, she served on the Girl Scouts of Western Ohio Women of Distinction Committee, which selects exceptional women honorees leading the way for future female leaders. Ms. Green is a role model for women every-where, proving that one can combine both professional and philanthropic goals to help her community. She is truly a leader by ex-ample and has generously invested her time and resources to support volunteer efforts in Toledo and beyond. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF RUTH REVELS 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Ruth Revels who passed away on March 14, 2016, at the age of 79. Throughout her life, Mrs. Revels was an unwavering advocate for the Lumbee Tribe and American Indians in the state of North Carolina, and she will be greatly missed by all who had the pleasure of knowing her. I send my prayers and sincerest condolences to Mrs. Revels’ family and the entire Lumbee Tribe during this difficult time. Mrs. Revels was born in Robeson County, North Carolina during the 1940’s, a period that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MR8.006 E21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE346 March 21, 2016 
was marked by segregation and the unequal treatment of minority communities, including American Indians. Her personal experiences during her childhood, along with her desire to help young people reach their full potential, in-spired Mrs. Revels to become a teacher at her former high school, Pembroke High School, which at the time was the only school in the area where Indian students could attend. She later went on to teach at Ragsdale High School in Jamestown, North Carolina for 14 additional years. Mrs. Revels was a recognized leader in the state of North Carolina for her lifelong efforts on issues important to the Lumbee Tribe and American Indians. In addition to becoming the Executive Director of the Guilford Native American Association, where she served for over 20 years, Mrs. Revels was a member of the North Carolina Commission of Indian Af-fairs since 2003. In a testament to her leader-ship on this issue, Governor Pat McCrory ap-pointed Mrs. Revels as the Chairwoman of the Commission in 2013. Mrs. Revels was a pillar of the American Indian community in North Carolina, and her work will long be remem-bered for having a profound impact on many generations. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in re-membering the life of Ruth Revels and cele-brating her legacy that undoubtedly offers American Indians in North Carolina a brighter and more prosperous future. 
f 
HONORING BLM CENTRAL CALI-FORNIA DISTRICT MANAGER ESTE STIFEL 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN rise to recognize and honor District Manager Este Stifel for her great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, busi-nesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the estab-lishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with District Manager Stifel to fur-ther our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. f 
WELCOMING PRESIDENT NAZARBAYEV TO WASHINGTON, DC 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome the President of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Nursultan Nazarbayev, to Wash-ington, DC for the Nuclear Security Summit. I have been a supporter of Kazakhstan for many years now, not only in regards to their admirable work in the area of nuclear non-pro-liferation, but also in advocating for their op-portunity to Chair the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE)—a posi-tion the country attained and served ably in 2010. There are of course myriad reasons to celebrate the strong relationship between the United States and Kazakhstan, but certainly we would all agree that Kazakhstan’s work to rid our world of nuclear weapons, and its work to develop safe nuclear power, are foremost among them. Countries like the United States and Kazakhstan come together at Nuclear Security Summits to work toward securing vulnerable nuclear materials, countering nuclear smug-gling and thwarting attempts at nuclear ter-rorism. This is a mission in which Kazakhstan has been a welcomed world leader. Indeed, just four short years after achieving independ-ence from the Soviet Union in 1991, Kazakhstan had destroyed all of their nuclear weapons and joined the Nuclear Non-Pro-liferation Treaty as a non-nuclear weapons state. By the year 2000, it had destroyed its nuclear testing infrastructure at Semipalatinsk. Not only has Kazakhstan, under President Nazarbayev’s strong leadership, taken the lead in eliminating nuclear weapons, it has also worked tirelessly to create a system in which nuclear energy may be used in a safe, secure and peaceful manner. This was most recently witnessed in Kazakhstan’s willingness to host the International Atomic Energy Agen-cy’s low-enriched uranium fuel bank. Mr. Speaker, there is no question that our continuing friendship with Kazakhstan is of the utmost importance. President Nazarbayev and the people of Kazakhstan made a principled decision years ago to lead the effort in ridding the world of nuclear weapons. This effort de-serves the unqualified praise and support of not only the United States, but the entire inter-national community. Again, I welcome Presi-dent Nazarbayev to Washington, DC for the Fourth Nuclear Security Summit and wish all involved great success as they work to make our world a safer place for future generations around the world. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE PRO-MOTING NATIONAL SERVICE AND REDUCING UNEMPLOYMENT ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Promoting National Service and Reducing Unemployment Act, to address one of the greatest workforce tragedies resulting from today’s economy—our unemployed young people—and to spur economic growth and alleviate strain on state and local govern-ments. This tragedy is not only hurting our young people, it is costing our government $25 billion each year through lost tax revenue and other costs. Unemployment has reached a new low of 4.9 percent, but my bill targets the 2.2 million young people who have not had a fair chance to ever use their high school and college education, which this nation has strongly urged them to get. What is particularly disappointing is the high unemployment rate for young people who heeded our advice to graduate from high school and college, only to try to enter the workforce in the worst economy in genera-tions. The total unemployment rate is currently 10.6 percent for young adults aged 16 to 24, and hundreds of thousands now compete for unpaid internships wherever they can find them. By significantly expanding AmeriCorps, my bill would need no new administrative structure or bureaucracy, and would allow un-employed young people to earn a stipend, ob-tain work experience, and develop a good work history to help them secure future em-ployment. The net cost of the expansion would be low, because these young people would be providing urgently needed local services that are being dropped or curtailed because of fed-eral, state, and local budget cuts, such as after-school programs, tutoring, and assist-ance for the elderly. The bill would significantly expand job op-portunities for young people who have played by the rules but despite their best efforts re-main unemployed in this economy. Partici-pants receive a living allowance and are also eligible for an education award equal to the value of a Pell grant, for school-loan forbear-ance, health care benefits and child care as-sistance. By expanding the AmeriCorps pro-gram, we would reduce the number of unem-ployed young people, provide them with work skills and experience, and help cash-strapped states and local governments provide services that they would otherwise have to cut. For some time, it has been clear that poli-cies to address the most stubborn forms of unemployment need to be targeted in order to be effective. Without significant targeting, young graduates will continue to face their first years as adults without jobs and with no way to acquire work experience. They deserve bet-ter. I ask my colleagues to support this ur-gently needed targeted assistance for young, unemployed Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR8.007 E21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE347 March 21, 2016 
HONORING ACTING ASSISTANT DI-RECTOR OF THE BLM NATIONAL CONSERVATION LANDS, ABBIE JOSSIE 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Assistant Director Abbie Jossie for her great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, busi-nesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the estab-lishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Assistant Director Jossie to further our mutual goal of preserving our na-tion’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. XAVIER BECERRA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my floor vote on roll call vote number 111, 112 and 113. Had I been present for the vote, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 111, 112 and 113. CONGRATULATING THE ROMEO BULLDOGS HOCKEY TEAM ON WINNING THE DIVISION 2 MICHI-GAN STATE CHAMPIONSHIP HON. CANDICE S. MILLER 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct privilege to recognize a special achievement recently accomplished by the Romeo Bulldogs High School Hockey Team. Romeo capped off a remarkable and ex-tremely memorable 2015–2016 season by tak-ing home to Macomb County the school’s first ever Michigan High School Athletic Associa-tion (MHSAA) Division 2 State Championship. After a hard fought season, the Bulldogs fin-ished with an overall record of 27–2–1 and charged into the playoffs facing off against tough competition before stunning the Livonia Stevenson Spartans at the USA Hockey Arena in Plymouth. In his second year as head coach, Nick Badder and his team have had great success. Last year’s team won 20 regular season games for the first time in school history and was crowned the regional champion. But, Coach Badder and the rest of the team knew they could achieve more. There is always a learning curve for head coaches, but Coach Badder did not waste much time in turning the Romeo Bulldogs into champions. With hockey in his veins from playing NCAA hockey for the Central Michigan Chippewas, Coach Badder used both his youth and hockey experience to relate and teach the 22 young men to be bet-ter players, teammates and students. Coach Badder knew he had a fast and physical team, but they needed to focus on the details and play a better defensive game. All of these at-tributes came together at precisely the right time and the Romeo Bulldogs are now State Champions. Before making it to the State Championship game, the Romeo Bulldogs faced many com-petitors in the tournament. The Bulldogs faced a Davison team coming off of a 6–0 win over Lapeer and defeated them 8–3 in the pre-re-gional final. Next, Romeo faced Port Huron Northern and beat them by a score of 7–1 in the regional final. From there, the Romeo Bull-dogs faced the Anchor Bay Tars at Suburban Ice Arena and bested them 8–3 in the quarter-final. In the semifinals, Romeo faced a tough Ada Forest Hills Eastern team. This was Ro-meo’s toughest test yet, but the Bulldogs re-mained unscathed in the playoffs with a 5–2 victory. With their sights on the championship, the Romeo Bulldogs would play in one final game and face their toughest challenge of the season. The Livonia Stevenson Spartans were now the only team that separated them from history. The Livonia Stevenson Spartans won the state championship in 2013 and finished as last year’s runner-up, while the Romeo Bull-dogs had never appeared in a championship game. The perennial powerhouse Spartans had the wind at their backs and history on their side, but history was about to change. Seven minutes into the game, Junior forward Brett Lanski scored to give Romeo a 1–0 lead. Stevenson scored less than four minutes later to even the score. Not long after, Logan Jenuwine scored a power play goal to give Romeo a 2–1 lead. In the next five minutes, Stevenson would score three goals to take a 4–2 lead. Coach Badder decided to call a cru-cial time out at this point to settle his team and slow the pace of the game. This decision proved to be a critical turning point in the game. Brett Lanski went on to score his sec-ond goal of the game, putting the Bulldogs within one shot of a tie. Less than a minute later, Luke Kaczor deflected defenseman Logan Ganfield’s shot to tie the game with a minute and a half left in the period. In the third period, Stevenson received a five minute major for head-butting that put Romeo on a critical power play. The Bulldogs took advan-tage and Logan Jenuwine scored his second of the game giving Romeo a 5–4 lead. Steven Morris capped off the comeback victory with an empty net goal that sealed the 6–4 victory for the Romeo Bulldogs. The Bulldogs throughout the season exhib-ited all the qualities that make up a champion-ship hockey team: heart, discipline and a posi-tive attitude. As legendary Hall of Fame Defenseman Paul Coffey once said, ‘‘Hockey’s a funny game You have to prove yourself every shift, every game. It’s not up to anybody else. You have to take pride in yourself.’’ I applaud these young men for remaining both mentally and physically ready to com-pete. In addition, I want to commend the Bull-dogs for staying energized and focused each time they stepped on to the ice. I understand this can be an extremely difficult task consid-ering the numerous pressures and distractions high school student-athletes can encounter. I wish to recognize the hard work and sportsmanship displayed by all the members of this hockey team. These individuals are: Harrison Hunt, Brett Lanski, Zach Peters, Lorenzo Evangelista, Frank Ruffino, Logan Ganfield, Blake Gabler, Jacob Sunderlik, Chase Gillem, Andrew Cate, Luke Kaczor, Ryan Peters, Joey Morris, Jake Petri, Dan Geffert, Nick Blankenburg, Nolan Kare, Garrett Ganfield, Steven Morris, Max Citro, Logan Jenuwine, and Grant Williams along with Head Coach Nick Badder, and Assistant Coaches Adam Krefski, Brennan Cavanagh and Kyle White, Athletic Trainer Kim Ostrolencki and Manager Kim Gamble. I also want to congratulate administrators, teachers, cheerleaders, parents, students and fans alike for their assistance and for making this an unforgettable season. The Bulldogs proved they had the skill, heart and resilience to rise to the challenge and accomplish their ultimate goal—a State Championship. Team-work, perseverance and friendship all contrib-uted to this title as well. I know the community takes great pride in what these young men were able to achieve. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I share that same pride. I want to offer my personal congratula-tions. All the accolades, awards and trophies are rightfully deserved. Way to go Bulldogs. 
f 
HONORING DISTRICT DIRECTOR FOR THE HONORABLE SENATOR BARBARA BOXER, TOM BOHIGIAN 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MR8.011 E21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE348 March 21, 2016 
Representative H UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Director Tom Bohigian for his great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates like Mr. Bohigian. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local resi-dents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated ef-fort to achieve permanent protection was crit-ical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Mr. Bohigian to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collabo-rating in the future. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BILL ROTCH’S 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of one of my distinguished and ac-tive constituents, Mr. Bill Rotch, on his 100th birthday; he is a beloved member of the Peter-borough, NH community that I am proud to represent in Congress. On March 28, 2016, Bill will celebrate his 100th birthday. We com-memorate Bill’s birthday with awe and inspira-tion as he is a true example of what has made the Granite State such a strong and vibrant place. Bill Rotch was the publisher and editor of The Cabinet, an iconic New Hampshire news-paper, for many decades. Last year Mr. Rotch was recognized with the Boston Post Cane, an honor bestowed upon the oldest resident of Peterborough. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize the 100th birthday of one of my most engaged constituents, Bill Rotch. I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in cele-brating this milestone in his remarkable life. CELEBRATING THE 150TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE WALLA WALLA FRONTIER DAYS HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the 150th Anniversary of the Walla Walla Frontier Days. I am extremely proud to represent Walla Walla in Congress. The Walla Walla Valley is one of the most fertile agricultural areas in the nation, producing crops such as wheat, aspar-agus, strawberries, and of course, Walla Walla Sweet Onions. Yet, with more than 100 wineries, the area is also known as world- class wine country. The Walla Walla Frontier Days is the oldest fair in the state of Washington. According to the history of the Walla Walla County Fair and Fairgrounds: In 1866, the Walla Walla Agricultural Society staged a large agricultural and industrial expo-sition to showcase the valley crops and the latest farming methods. This event, the first county fair, was held on the horse-track racing grounds which had been built in 1862 three miles west of the then city limits. Throughout the years, the fair was known by many names, hosted at many locations throughout the coun-ty, and governed by many civic organizations in the area. In 1906, the historic pavilion was built for a fruit exhibit and concert hall. In 1913, the man-agement decided to inaugurate a new order of business and as a result the ‘‘Frontier Days’’ came into existence with its spectacular dis-play of bull dogging, relay races, stagecoach races, cowboys, cowgirls and other local par-ticipants representing one of the last stands of the ‘‘Wild West.’’ Walla Walla County purchased the present Fairgrounds in 1923 and after two years of the successful pageant ‘‘How the West was Won,’’ the fair came back under sponsorship of the Walla Walla County Farm Bureau. The next year, the Farm Bureau was joined by the Chamber of Commerce as the two sponsoring groups. In 1935, Fair royalty was an added element and young ladies from the region competed and this tradition has continued to date, with the exception of the World War II years. In 1939, as an acknowledgment of commitment to the Fair, the committee added an annual parade marshal to the Frontier Days parade. In 1974, world class country entertainment was added to the annual fair. In 2008, the Rodeo Legends award was implemented ac-knowledging the outstanding men and women of the valley who have attained a high level of achievement in the sport of Rodeo. Throughout the years, the 4–H and Future Farmers of America programs have become the annual showcase of the region’s younger population, fostering the next generation of the agricultural community. The remarkable legacy of the Walla Walla Frontier Days would not have been possible without the dedication and commitment of the Fair’s board members and managers, elected officials, community leaders, businesses, sponsors, and most importantly, thousands of community volunteers who collectively have maintained a steadfast commitment to ensur-ing its success. Although much has changed about the Frontier Days over the past 150 years, its importance to communities through-out Southeastern Washington has remained constant. Mr. Speaker, I ask that all of our colleagues join me in celebrating the sesquicentennial an-niversary of the oldest fair in the state of Washington, the Walla Walla Frontier Days. f 
HONORING THE U.S. FOREST SERVICE CHIEF TOM TIDWELL 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Chief Tom Tidwell for his great con-tribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, busi-nesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the estab-lishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Chief Tidwell to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collabo-rating in the future. 
f 
MEDIA IGNORES DISMISSAL 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the na-tional liberal media routinely ignore scandals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MR8.014 E21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE349 March 21, 2016 
that involve Democrats and fail to provide all the facts when a Republican is involved. In 2014, the media hyped the indictment of Texas Governor Rick Perry. According to the Media Research Center, ABC, CBS and NBC spent 25 minutes on the subject over the course of two days. Governor Perry’s charges recently were dis-missed. This significant event was not covered by any of the three networks’ evening news shows or their morning news shows. Not a single minute. Apparently, when it comes to a high profile Republican, only the alleged bad news counts. The media’s bias is obvious. Maybe that’s why 60 percent of Americans have little or no confidence in the national media to report the news fully, accurately and fairly, according to Gallup. 
f 
INYO COUNTY CELEBRATES 150TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in rec-ognition of the 150th anniversary of Inyo County, California, which was established by the California State Legislature on March 22, 1866. Inyo County is home to many famous landmarks, including Death Valley National Park and Mount Whitney, the highest peak in the continental United States. On March 22, 2016, the Inyo County Board of Supervisors will be hosting a formal cere-mony in celebration of this remarkable mile-stone. While I won’t be able to attend this spe-cial event, I look forward to visiting this beau-tiful part of our country later this year for the world famous Mule Days celebration. Again, congratulation to the citizens of Inyo County, who will be celebrating the 150th anniversary on March 22, 2016. 
f 
HONORING MENDOCINO NATIONAL FOREST SUPERVISOR ANN CARL-SON 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Supervisor Ann Carlson for her great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, busi-nesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the estab-lishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Supervisor Carlson to fur-ther our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. f 
HONORING BISHOP CHARLIE GREEN, JR. 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Bishop Charlie Green, Jr. of Sikeston, Missouri for his admirable career of service to the community. He has been an ex-emplary religious leader, businessman, and civil activist in Sikeston for over three dec-ades. Growing up in Sikeston, Bishop Green at-tended Lincoln High School where he was the captain of the basketball team. After high school, he served as a paratrooper in the U.S. Army before working as a clerk typist in the Army Material Command for Captains. Following his military service, Green earned his degree in marketing and management from Missouri University in St. Louis, as well as his degree in Life Underwriter Training Council from St. Louis University. He also holds a bachelor’s and master’s degree in the-ology from Cross Roads Divinity School, and earned his doctorate in theology from Triune Biblical University in Kelso, Washington. In 1974, Green returned to Sikeston after the death of his father to serve as the pastor of Green Memorial Church of God in Christ. After six years as pastor, he was elected as presiding bishop of the Church of God in Christ in 1981. He is also the founder and president of Green Memorial Biblical Univer-sity. Additionally, he has served the commu-nity as president of the Sikeston Branch of the NAACP, member of the Board of Directors of Bootheel Legal Services, and founder of the Sikeston Community Credit Union where he serves as chairman of the Board of Directors. For these accomplishments and contribu-tions to his community, it is my great pleasure to recognize Bishop Charlie Green, Jr. before the U.S. House of Representatives. SOUTHEASTERN MARINE CORPS LEAGUE CONFERENCE HON. RICK W. ALLEN 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the exemplary service of our Marine Corps. The 12th District of Georgia is ex-tremely proud of our strong military presence and the role that all the military men and women play in keeping our nation free. The Marines here in Georgia and all around the world make incredible sacrifices every day and we could not be more thankful for them and their families. It is with great honor that Au-gusta hosts the Southeastern Marine Corps League Conference this year. The conference is sponsored by the Jimmie Dyess Chapter of the Marine Corps League and features a per-formance by the Parris Island Marine Corps Band. The Lt. Col Jimmie Dyess MCL Detachment 921 is a proud sponsor of the 2016 MCL Southeast Regional Division Conference in Augusta, Georgia. The Detachment is named for Lt. Col Aquilla James ‘‘Jimmie’’ Dyess, a remarkable Georgian who is the only Amer-ican to have received both the Medal of Honor and the Carnegie Medal for Civilian Heroism. A graduate of Clemson University, Dyess ac-complished many great things in his too short life. He was appointed a first lieutenant in the Marine Corps Reserve in 1936, and one year later was awarded the bronze star as a shoot-ing member on the Marine Corps Rifle Team. He was killed by enemy gun fire on February 2, 1944 while leading his infantry in an attack against the Japanese on the island of Namur. The Lt. Col Jimmie Dyess MCL Detachment 921 and many other Southeast Divisions sup-port various programs that promote and honor the spirit and traditions of the Marines, includ-ing the Boy Scouts of America, the U.S. Ma-rines Youth Physical Fitness Program, and Marines-for-Marines: Wounded Marines Pro-gram. Performing at the Conference this year is the Parris Island Marine Band, from Parris Is-land, South Carolina. Consisting of one officer and 50 enlisted Marines, the band is one of the leading musical units in the United States military. The band was founded in 1915 and has continued to perform for their country in exciting and versatile concerts ever since. They perform all around the United States, al-ways displaying their dedication to upholding the high standards and traditions of the United States Marine Corps. Their dignified musical expertise, culminated with great military pride and efficiency, sets the United States Marine field bands apart from any other military unit. The valiant efforts made by our Marines and all of the United States military do not go un-noticed. The support we can offer them is nothing compared to the contributions they make for this great nation every day. Every active duty soldier, veteran, and military family member has devoted themselves to the United States, and it is an honor to pay them the re-spect they deserve. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR8.018 E21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE350 March 21, 2016 
HONORING U.S. FOREST SERVICE REGIONAL FORESTER RANDY MOORE 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Forester Randy Moore for his great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, busi-nesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the estab-lishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Forester Moore to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. 
f 
OPPOSE THE AIRR ACT PROTECT MEAL AND REST BREAKS AND FAIR PAY FOR TRUCKERS 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, today the House considers a clean extension of aviation programs through July 15, 2016. While I have no objection to H.R. 4721, I do have serious concerns with H.R. 4441, the ‘‘Aviation Inno-vation, Reform, and Reauthorization Act of 2016’’ (AIRR Act), the controversial Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization bill. My remarks focus on one provision in H.R. 4441, Section 611. Section 611 of H.R. 4441 pre-empts intra-state laws related to meal breaks, rest breaks, and hourly tracking of wages for truck drivers. Specifically, Section 611(a)(3) states: (A) A State, political subdivision of a State, or political authority of 2 or more States may not enact or enforce a law, regu-lation, or other provision having the force and effect of law prohibiting employees whose hours of service are subject to regula-tion by the Secretary under section 31502 from working to the full extent permitted or at such times as permitted under such sec-tion, or imposing any additional obligations on motor carriers if such employees work to the full extent or at such times as permitted under such section, including any related ac-tivities regulated under part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. (B) A State, political subdivision of a State, or political authority of 2 or more States may not enact or enforce a law, regu-lation, or other provision having the force and effect of law that requires a motor car-rier that compensates employees on a piece- rate basis to pay those employees separate or additional compensation, provided that the motor carrier pays the employee a total sum that when divided by the total number of hours worked during the corresponding work period is equal to or greater than the applicable hourly minimum wage of the State, political subdivision of the State, or political authority of 2 or more States. 
Section 611 pre-empts State laws in two parts. Part (A) is specific to meal and rest breaks, which are in effect in 21 States. Part (B) allows companies to continue to pay by the load or on a piece-rate basis, and to dis-regard State laws that require hourly tracking of wages. Additional language in Section 611 makes these legislative changes retroactive to 1994. This retroactivity language will wipe out at least 50 pending lawsuits regarding wage and hour laws. 
PART A : PREEMPTING STATE MEAL AND REST BREAK  
LAWS  
Section 611 is being pursued by a coalition of large trucking companies following a recent Ninth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals decision that upheld the State of California’s meal and rest break laws for all workers, including truck drivers. See Dilts v. Penske Logistics, LLC, 769 F.3d 637 (9th Cir. 2014), cert. denied, 135 S. Ct. 2049 (2015). The trucking companies supporting Section 611 claim that the lan-guage in part (A) is needed to prevent a patchwork of State hours of service laws. In reality, Section 611 goes far beyond this stat-ed purpose. 
DILTS V . PENSKE LOGISTICS DECISION  
Section 611 pre-empts existing State meal or rest break laws, many of which have been on the books for decades, in 21 States. If en-acted, Section 611 will prevent truck drivers who work exclusively within a single State from being protected by that State’s wage and hour laws. I agree that if a truck driver is oper-ating long haul, through several States, having to comply with new rest or meal break require-ments every time the driver crosses a State line is confusing and impedes interstate com-merce. The Dilts case was not a case that af-fected drivers moving goods from coast to coast—it was a case involving local appliance delivery drivers who never left California. The trucking companies supporting Section 611 argue that a driver would have to pull off the road at inconvenient times or in potentially unsafe situations to take a break. That is sim-ply not true. In fact, case law has specifically established that employers do not have to re-quire employees to take a break—they simply must permit it by relieving employees of duties or pay employees for the time. Moreover, it is disingenuous for some in the trucking industry to imply that the need for this legislative fix was caused by one ‘‘rogue’’ Ninth Circuit court decision. California changed its meal and rest break law in 2000— 16 years ago—to provide a monetary remedy of an additional hour of pay to an employee if an employer does not allow for a meal or a rest break. The 2014 Dilts decision regarding meal and rest breaks cites multiple cases setting the precedent for the decision. In addition, the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) filed an amicus brief in this case in support of the drivers, marking the first time the Federal Gov-ernment has taken a position on intrastate pre-emption. DOT argues that there is a pre-sumption against preemption in areas of tradi-tional State ‘‘police power’’ or control, and that labor laws are a clear area of traditional State control. DOT also notes that Federal rules re-quiring a 30-minute rest break do not apply to short-haul drivers. Therefore, if Section 611 were enacted, short-haul intrastate drivers would not receive any rest break protection under Federal or State law. DOT’s brief also cites a finding from a deci-sion by the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals, well known for its pro-business decisions, in a trucking case that found that any changes to economic inputs may raise the cost of doing business, but that does not rise to the level of challenging pre-emption. In S.C. Johnson & Son, Inc. v. Transport Corp. of America, Inc., 697 F.3d 544 (7th Cir. 2012), the Seventh Cir-cuit found: [L]abor inputs are affected by a network of labor laws, including minimum wage laws, worker safety laws, anti-discrimination laws and pension regulations. Capital is regulated by banking laws, securities rules, and tax laws, among others. Technology is heavily influenced by intellectual property laws. Changes to these background laws will ulti-mately affect the cost of these inputs, and thus, in turn, the price . . . or service of the outputs. Yet no one thinks that the ADA or the FAAAA preempts these and the many comparable State laws. S.C. Johnson & Son, Inc., 697 F.3d at 558. 
The Ninth Circuit’s Dilts decision very clearly spells out that California’s labor laws, particu-larly related to intrastate truck drivers in this case, are not be preempted under the 1994 F4A pre-emption provision: 
Although we have in the past confronted close cases that have required us to struggle with the ‘‘related to’’ test, and refine our principles of FAAAA preemption, we do not think that this is one of them. In light of the FAAAA preemption principles outlined above, California’s meal and rest break laws plainly are not the sorts of laws ‘related to’ prices, routes, or services that Congress in-tended to preempt. They do not set prices, mandate or prohibit certain routes, or tell motor carriers what services they may or may not provide, either directly or indi-rectly . . . They are normal background rules for almost all employers doing business in the state of California. Dilts, 769 F.3d at 647. 
Therefore, Part (A) of Section 611 goes far beyond addressing the concern that drivers may face different rules in different States in interstate commerce. If enacted, it would deny 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MR8.023 E21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE351 March 21, 2016 
drivers who operate under one set of rules, in one State, coverage under laws designed to ensure adequate rest on the job. The lan-guage also legislatively overturns a body of case law that has consistently upheld labor protections for truck drivers. 
PART B : PREEMPTING FAIR PAY FOR TRUCKERS  
Part (B) of Section 611 restricts the ability of States to improve truck driver working condi-tions and pay. The language dictates that the ‘‘piece rate’’ (or pay-by-the-load) a trucking company offers as compensation to a driver supersedes State laws that require compensa-tion for time a driver spends doing tasks such as loading or unloading or being detained—in other words, any time a truck’s wheels are not turning. 
CALIFORNIA PIECE -RATE PAY  
Several Federal district court and California State appellate court decisions between 2011 and 2013 have redefined piece-rate pay in California. Piece-rate or per-trip pay is com-mon in many industries, such as trucking, agri-culture, automotive repair shops, and others. Prior to 2011, employers who paid by the trip or piece were considered to be in compliance with Federal and State minimum wage laws provided that an employee’s average hourly wage (total compensation over a work period divided by total hours worked) was at the min-imum wage level or higher. The problem, however, was that ‘‘non-pro-ductive’’ work hours—such as a truck driver waiting at a loading dock, or a strawberry pick-er waiting to be transported to and from the field, or an auto repair shop employee waiting in between jobs—was untracked and unpaid. A series of class action cases brought against employers for unpaid time all were found in favor of employees. In each decision, employ-ers were found to be in violation of California’s minimum wage law if they calculated average hours worked through piece rate because, if non-productive time is not separately com-pensated, the employees were not com-pensated at all. Two cases involved truck driv-ers—one for Safeway and one for Con-way Freight—and the courts specifically found that pay by the load (as calculated in the trucking industry) did not provide compensation for ac-tivities such as loading and unloading because they were not included in the piece-rate. In response to these decisions, California passed a new law (effective January 1, 2016) requiring the following for anyone paid on a piece-rate basis: Separate tracking of compensation for the time to take rest and recovery breaks, which must be paid at an hourly rate of the greater of the State minimum wage or the employee’s average hourly wage for the week (Impor-tantly, based on a separate 2012 court deci-sion, employers do not have to require em-ployees to take a break—employers must per-mit it and relieve the employees of duties or pay them for the rest break) Separate compensation for ‘‘non-productive’’ time under the employer’s control that is not being compensated in the piece-rate formula, at an hourly rate no less than minimum wage. The effect of this new law is employers will have to begin tracking non-productive time, which gets at the heart of the detention time issue in trucking. If part (B) of Section 611 is enacted, inter-state and intrastate truck drivers in California will be stripped of these protections that spe-cifically track pay for time detained. Congress should be looking at ways to help the men and women in the trucking industry to earn liv-ing wages, not passing laws that further put the squeeze on drivers as they fight gridlock to deliver loads. CONGRESSIONAL INTENT  
Finally, some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have argued that the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals Dilts decision under-mines Congressional intent. In fact, Section 611 represents a sweeping expansion of Fed-eral pre-emption that Congress enacted in 1994. The Conference Report (H. Rept. 103– 677) accompanying the 1994 law (P.L. 103– 305) very clearly lays out the background and situation Congress was intending to address— direct economic regulation of intrastate truck-ing by States, through direct actions such as ‘‘entry controls, tariff filing and price regulation, and types of commodities carried’’. The trucking industry was deregulated by Congress in the Motor Carrier Act of 1980. The Conference Report accompanying the 1994 law notes that, in 1994, 41 States contin-ued to regulate intrastate prices, routes, and services of motor carriers and 26 States strict-ly regulated trucking prices. The Report further states that such regulations were usually de-signed to ensure that prices ‘‘are kept high enough to cover all costs and are not so low as to be ‘predatory’. Price regulation also in-volves filing of tariffs and long intervals for ap-proval to change prices.’’ In other words, States were still directly dictating the rates and prices motor carriers could charge for move-ment of goods through the particular State. The broad pre-emption language was added in Conference. The House bill had no provi-sion, and the Senate bill had a provision nar-rowly tailored to apply pre-emption to inter-modal all-cargo air carriers. The Senate provi-sion was inserted to address an inequity in which the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, in a separate decision, determined that Federal Express (FedEx) was not subject to intrastate economic regulations for motor carriers be-cause FedEx could rely on preemption under the Airline Deregulation Act of 1978 because it was an air carrier. See Fed. Express Corp. v. Cal. Pub. Utils. Comm’n, 936 F.2d 1075 (9th Cir. 1991), cert denied, 112 S.Ct. 2956 (1992). UPS, however, remained regulated as a motor carrier, ‘‘putting it at a competitive dis-advantage in a number of States.’’ H. Rept. 103–677. After the Federal Express Corpora-tion decision, California and other States began to enact laws extending the pre- emption to other carriers affiliated with direct air carriers, but some segments of the motor carrier industry, such as owner-operators, were still subject to regulation. Therefore, Congress was attempting to fix a glaring com-petition issue that placed certain companies at an advantage. The law in 1994, which still stands today, also enumerated that States could continue to exercise regulatory authority in areas such as safety, vehicle size and weight, insurance re-quirements, and hazardous materials routing. Almost all of the 21 laws that would be pre- empted by Section 611 were in place in some form in 1994, yet Conferees never mentioned meal or rest break laws as problematic, or part of what was being contemplated under the types of troublesome activity at the State level that was impeding commerce. Therefore, it is disingenuous to imply that Section 611 is simply a restoration of Con-gressional intent in 1994, because Congress never contemplated meal and rest breaks when enacting the law. CONCLUSION  
Section 611 has no place in a Federal Avia-tion Administration reauthorization bill. This is a trucking issue. Last year, the Conference Committee on the FAST Act (P.L. 114–94) re-jected this identical language. I strongly op-posed this provision in the FAST Act and con-tinue to strongly oppose it in this bill. Section 611 is strongly opposed by the Teamsters, safety advocates, and the Amer-ican Association for Justice. The trucking in-dustry is split on Section 611. Smaller owner operators—which represent more than 90 per-cent of the companies in the industry—strong-ly oppose Section 611. If the intent is really to solve an interstate commerce problem, this language com-pletely—and purposefully—misses the mark. It is an expansive hacking away at the ability of a State to promote healthy working conditions for truck drivers. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JAY M. ROB-INSON HIGH SCHOOL WINNING THE NORTH CAROLINA HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION 3A STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Jay M. Robinson High School Bulldogs for winning the North Carolina High School Athletic Association (NCHSAA) 3A Men’s Basketball Championship on March 12, 2016. The Bulldogs won the game by a score of 59–55, finishing the season with an impres-sive 29–3 record. The season could not have started better for the Bulldogs, who entered the 2015 HighSchoolOT.com Holiday Invitational tour-nament having won their first eight games and were playing fantastic team basketball. How-ever, the Bulldogs lost two of the three games they played during the tournament and lost another game just a week later in overtime. Many teams would not be able to regroup after such a disappointing stretch of games, but these Bulldogs are not like many other teams. The team rallied around one another to win every remaining game during their regular season, winning the South Piedmont Con-ference championship, and earning a berth in the NCHSSA 3A Men’s Basketball Tour-nament. After battling through five challenging games in the tournament, the Bulldogs met Terry Sanford High School, the defending state champions, in the state championship game. What was an entertaining contest quickly turned into a character-defining moment for the Bulldogs. With only fifteen seconds left in the game, the Bulldogs took their first lead of the second half and defended their basket as Terry Sanford made one final attempt to tie or win the game. After a third shot from Terry Sanford missed the mark, both teams franticly scrambled to secure the rebound. With less than one second left in the game, a Bulldog came up with the rebound and was imme-diately fouled by a Terry Sanford player. Dur-ing the ensuing scuffle between the teams 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MR8.024 E21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE352 March 21, 2016 
after the foul, a fan ran onto the court and struck Jay M. Robinson’s Rashon Gray in the head. Rather than escalate the situation and retaliate, the Bulldogs once again rallied around one another. The Bulldogs hit two free throws to clinch the victory and secure the state championship. This moment was a microcosm of the Bull-dogs’ entire season and the young men who worked so hard to earn this championship. Whenever the Bulldog’s faced adversity, the players and coaches never wavered from their commitment to the team and kept their eyes on their goal of capturing Jay M. Robinson’s first 3A Championship. In addition to their tal-ent—led by three 1,000 point scorers—the Bulldogs time and again showed the chemistry and mental toughness needed to become champions. Needless to say, this season will long be remembered by the Bulldogs’ players, coaches and fans. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in con-gratulating the Jay M. Robinson High School Men’s Basketball team for winning the 2016 NCHSAA 3A Championship. I look forward to the Bulldogs defending their title next season. 
f 
HONORING CALIFORNIA NATURAL RESOURCES AGENCY SECRETARY JOHN LAIRD 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Secretary John Laird for his great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates like Secretary Laird. Their commit-ment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated ef-fort to achieve permanent protection was crit-ical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Secretary Laird to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. XAVIER BECERRA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my floor vote on roll call vote number 114, 115, 116, 117, 118, 119, 120, 121, 122, and 123. Had I been present for the vote, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote num-ber 114, 115 and 123. Had I been present for the vote, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote number 116, 117, 118, 119, 120, 121 and 122. 
f 
IN TRIBUTE TO MARTIN OLAV SABO FORMER CONGRESSMAN FROM THE GREAT STATE OF MINNESOTA AND A CHAMPION OF BIPARTISAN LEGISLATION 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Martin Olav Sabo, a great Amer-ican who served his country with distinction as a Member of this House who passed away on March 13, 2016 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, at the age of 77. Martin Sabo was born on February 28, 1938, in Crosby, North Dakota, the son of Norwegian immigrants. While growing up he worked the wheat farm that his family owned and operated. In 1959, Martin Sabo earned his bacca-laureate degree at Augsburg College in Min-neapolis. The following year, 22-year old Martin Sabo was elected to the Minnesota House of Rep-resentatives, where he served for the next 22 years. In 1963, Martin Sabo met Sylvia, who be-came his wife and the love of his life, and to-gether they had two wonderful children, Julie and Karin Sabo. In 1973, Martin Sabo was elected by his colleagues to become the 45th Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives, and served in that position until 1979, when he was elected to serve the people of the 5th Congressional District of Minnesota in the U.S. House of Representatives. During his time in Congress Martin Sabo chaired the House Committee on the Budget. Congressman Martin Sabo was a champion of bipartisan legislation. A shining example of his ability to work across the aisle is the effort he led as Budget Chairman to put together and pass the 1993 federal budget and deficit reduction package that resulted in the budget surplus in 1998, the first in almost 30 years. Martin Sabo characterized this collective ef-fort as one of his proudest legislative accom-plishments. Despite the sharp increase in divisive polit-ical discourse, Congressman Sabo never pub-licly disparaged another colleague in Con-gress, Republican or Democrat. Congressman Sabo said that, ‘‘I’ve also tried to treat my colleagues with respect.’’ On March 13, 2016, surrounded by loving family members, Martin Sabo died peacefully at Abbott Northwestern Hospital in Min-neapolis. Mr. Speaker, as a former colleague and friend of Martin Olav Sabo, I will miss this great man who put aside partisan politics to focus on great governance. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to observe a moment of silence in memory of our beloved former colleague, Congressman Martin Olav Sabo. f 
IN MEMORY OF ALEXANDRA BAKER PATTERSON 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize the 27th birthday of the late Alexandra Baker Patterson. On March 21, 1987, Alexandra was born at Arlington Hospital to Jim and Sheryl Patterson of Auburn, Alabama. Within minutes of birth, Alexandra was rushed to Georgetown Univer-sity Hospital for surgeons to repair a complex cardiac abnormality. After surgery and an extended hospitaliza-tion due to complications, Alexandra lived at home with nursing care. She eventually at-tended public school. Alexandra was fascinated by photographs of eagles in flight and once told her father she wanted to grow up to be an eagle. Today would have been her 27th birthday. For her parents and brother, James, Alex-andra is forever an eagle. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the life of Alexandra Baker Patterson. 
f 
HONORING CALIFORNIA STATE SENATOR LOIS WOLK 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Senator Lois Wolk for her great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates like Senator Wolk. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local resi-dents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated ef-fort to achieve permanent protection was crit-ical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MR8.025 E21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE353 March 21, 2016 
for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Senator Wolk to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collabo-rating in the future. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DOMENIC LALLI 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Domenic Lalli, principal for the Xa-verian Brothers High School, on the day of his retirement. Mr. Lalli began his illustrious forty year ca-reer at Xaverian Brothers High School as a Physical Education teacher after attending Boston University where he was captain of the football team. During his tenure, he also coached the track and football teams at the high school. His talents for working with stu-dents did not go unnoticed. In 1984, he was appointed the Administrator of Students where he excelled at directing student life at the school. After spending 7 years in this role, Mr. Lalli became the Principal of Xaverian where he worked alongside the current Headmaster, Brother Daniel Skala. Together they have had a significant positive impact on the lives and education of the thousands of students that have passed through the halls of Xaverian Brothers High School. Mr. Lalli’s influence on education and ath-letics is not limited to Xaverian. He is also a former member of the Board of Trustees at Malden Catholic High School in Malden, Mas-sachusetts, Mount St. Joseph High School in Baltimore, Maryland, and St. Bernard School in Uncasville, Connecticut. Additionally, he has served as a member of the Sportsmanship Committee, the Tournament Management Committee, and District H Chair of the Massa-chusetts Interscholastic Athletic Association while also coaching football at Watertown High School. For his contributions to high school athletics, Mr. Lalli was inducted into the Wa-tertown High School Athletics Hall of Fame. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Domenic Lalli for his lifetime of dedication to shaping young minds and promoting athleticism. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating him on his retirement and wishing him nothing but the best in his future endeavors. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL M. HONDA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, on March 14th, my vote on Roll Call 112 was inadvertently not recorded. As a cosponsor of H. Con. Res 75, the resolution being voted on expressing the sense of Congress that those who commit or support atrocities against Christians and other ethnic and religious minorities and who target them specifically for ethnic or religious rea-sons are committing ‘‘war crimes’’, ‘‘crimes against humanity’’, and ‘‘genocide’’, I intended to vote YES. 
f 
HONORING BUREAU OF LAND MAN-AGEMENT CALIFORNIA STATE DIRECTOR JERRY PEREZ 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, March 21, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Directory Jerry Perez for his great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, busi-nesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the estab-lishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Director Perez to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collabo-rating in the future. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, March 22, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
APRIL 5 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the effects of consumer finance regulations. SD–538 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine recent Ira-nian actions and implementation of the nuclear deal. SD–419 APRIL 6 2 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Seapower To hold hearings to examine Navy ship-building programs in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SR–222 Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine Federal dis-aster response and Small Business Ad-ministration implementation of the RISE Act. SR–428A 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 2304, to provide for tribal demonstration projects for the integration of early childhood development, education, in-cluding Native language and culture, and related services, for evaluation of those demonstration projects, S. 2468, to require the Secretary of the Interior to carry out a 5-year demonstration program to provide grants to eligible Indian tribes for the construction of tribal schools, S. 2580, to establish the Indian Education Agency to streamline the administration of Indian education, and S. 2711, to expand opportunity for Native American children through ad-ditional options in education. SD–628 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MR8.030 E21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE354 March 21, 2016 
APRIL 7 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Jay Neal Lerner, of Illinois, to be Inspector General, Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation, and Amias Moore Gerety, of Connecticut, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s Semi- Annual Report to Congress. SD–538 APRIL 13 2 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Seapower To hold hearings to examine Marine Corps ground modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SR–232A 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine ballistic missile defense policies and programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SR–222 APRIL 14 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Policy Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment To hold joint hearings to examine cur-rent trends and changes in the fixed-in-come markets. SD–538 APRIL 20 2 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Seapower To hold hearings to examine Navy and Marine Corps aviation programs in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2017 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SR–232A APRIL 27 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office report on ‘‘Telecommunications: Addi-tional Coordination and Performance Measurement Needed for High-Speed Internet Access Programs on Tribal Lands.’’ SD–628 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M21MR8.000 E21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D298 Monday, March 21, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 10:00:05 a.m. in pro forma ses-sion, and adjourned at 10:00:39 a.m. until 11 a.m., on Thursday, March 24, 2016. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4815–4824; and 3 resolutions, H. Res. 654–656 were introduced.
                         Page H1495 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H1496 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4336, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial of the cremated re-mains of persons who served as Women’s Air Forces Service Pilots in Arlington National Cemetery, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–459, Part 1); H.R. 4472, to amend title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act to require States to adopt a centralized elec-tronic system to help expedite the placement of chil-dren in foster care or guardianship, or for adoption, across State lines, and to provide grants to aid States in developing such a system, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–460); and H. Res. 653, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2745) to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the At-torney General exercises such authority, and pro-viding for proceedings during the period from March 24, 2016, through April 11, 2016 (H. Rept. 114–461).
                                                                      Page H1494 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Womack to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H1465 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:25 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H1467 Recess: The House recessed at 2:16 p.m. and recon-vened at 4 p.m.
                                                          Page H1469 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: National POW/MIA Remembrance Act: H.R. 1670, to direct the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair honoring Amer-ican Prisoners of War/Missing in Action; 
                                                                                    Pages H1469–72 
Older Americans Act Reauthorization Act: S. 192, amended, to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965;
                                                         Pages H1472–80 
Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016: H.R. 4314, amended, to require a plan to combat international travel by terrorists and foreign fighters, accelerate the transfer of certain border se-curity systems to foreign partner governments, estab-lish minimum international border security stand-ards, and authorize the suspension of foreign assist-ance to countries not making significant efforts to comply with such minimum standards, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 371 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 130; 
                                                                Pages H1480–84, H1491–92 
Foreclosure Relief and Extension for Servicemembers Act: S. 2393, to extend temporarily the extended period of protection for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction;
                               Pages H1484–85 
Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2016: Concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 4721, to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend au-thorizations for the airport improvement program, and to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MR6.REC D21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D299 March 21, 2016 
extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund; and
      Pages H1485–87 
Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Modernization Act: S. 1180, to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to direct the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy to modernize the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States.
     Pages H1487–91 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:32 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H1491 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on page H1469. Senate Referrals: S. 2512 was referred to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. S. 2143 was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. S. 483 and S. Con. Res. 34 were held at the desk. 
                                                                                    Pages H1493–94 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1491–92. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 7:05 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
EXAMINING USDA ORGANIZATION AND PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION—PART II Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-ing on March 18, 2016, entitled ‘‘Examining USDA Organization and Program Administration—Part II’’. Testimony was heard from the following Depart-ment of Agriculture officials: Robert Bonnie, Under Secretary, Natural Resources and Environment; Alex-is Taylor, Deputy Under Secretary, Farm and For-eign Agricultural Services; Catherine Woteki, Under Secretary, Research, Education and Economics; and Ed Avalos, Under Secretary, Marketing and Regu-latory Programs. AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA NATIVE PUBLIC AND OUTSIDE WITNESS DAY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a hearing on March 18, 2016, for American Indian and Alaska Native public and outside witnesses. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. STANDARD MERGER AND ACQUISITION REVIEWS THROUGH EQUAL RULES ACT OF 2015 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 2745, the ‘‘Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 6–3, a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit. In section 2, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the pe-riod from March 24, 2016, through April 11, 2016: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in de-claring the adjournment. In section 3, the rule pro-vides that the Speaker may appoint Members to per-form the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 2. In section 4, the rule provides that each day during the period addressed by section 2 of the resolution shall not constitute a calendar day for the purposes of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546). In section 5, the rule provides that the Committee on Energy and Commerce may, at any time before 4 p.m. on Thurs-day, March 31, 2016, file a report to accompany H.R. 2666. Testimony was heard from Representa-tives Marino and Johnson of Georgia. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, MARCH 22, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee On Appropriations, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on Environmental Protection Agency, 9 a.m., B–308 Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Defense, budget hearing on the De-fense Health Program, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, budget hearing on the Department of Education, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-ernment, budget hearing on the Securities and Exchange Commission, 11 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Subcommittee on Defense, budget hearing on the Na-tional Guard and Reserve, 1:30 p.m., H–140 Capitol. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies, budget hearing on the Drug Enforcement Administration, 2 p.m., H–309 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MR6.REC D21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD300 March 21, 2016 Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Fiscal Year 2017 National Defense Author-ization Budget Request from the Department of De-fense’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Logistics and Sealift Force Require-ments’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Information Tech-nology and Cyber Programs: Foundations for a Secure Warfighting Network’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening Education Re-search and Privacy Protections to Better Serve Students’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy And Commerce, Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Over-sight of the Federal Communications Commission’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Energy and Power; Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 EPA Budget’’, 2 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Annual Testimony of the Secretary of the Treasury on the State of the International Financial Sys-tem’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: Government Regulations and the High Cost of Housing’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Women Fighting for Peace: Lessons for Today’s Conflicts’’, 10:45 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Potential Terrorist Threats: Border Security Challenges in Latin America and the Caribbean’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Get It Right This Time: A Victims-Centered Trafficking in Persons Report’’, 2 p.m., 2167 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Hezbollah’s Growing Threat Against U.S. National Security Interests in the Middle East’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Cy-bersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Tech-nologies, hearing entitled ‘‘The Role of Cyber Insurance in Risk Management’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4771, the ‘‘Help Efficient, Accessible, Low-cost, Timely Healthcare (HEALTH) Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 4676, the ‘‘Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act of 2016’’, 10:15 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Spending Prior-ities and Missions of the Forest Service in the President’s Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Proposal’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Long-worth. Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Fiscal Year 2017 Funding Priorities and Impacts on Indian Country and Insular Areas’’, 11 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Missions and Impacts of the President’s Proposed Fiscal Year 2017 Budgets of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the National Ocean and Atmospheric Administration, the Bureau of Reclamation and the Power Marketing Administrations’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight And Government Reform, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘America’s Heroin and Opioid Abuse Epidemic’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Health Care, Benefits and Administrative Rules, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Opportunities and Chal-lenges in Advancing Health Information Technology’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of the Budget Proposal for the Department of Energy for Fiscal Year 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Research and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of the Budget Proposal for the National Science Foundation for Fiscal Year 2017’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘Lip Service but Little Else: Failure of the Small Business Health Insurance Tax Credit’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Choice Consolidation: Leveraging Pro-vider Networks to Increase Veteran Access’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Social Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Social Security and Public Servants: Ensuring Equal Treatment’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Subcommittee on Tax Policy, hearing on Member pro-posals relating to fundamental reform of the income tax system, 2:30 p.m., 1100 Longworth. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Subcommittee on Department of Defense Intelligence and Overhead Ar-chitecture, hearing on NRO/NGA FY 2017 budget, 3:30 p.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of March 22 through March 25, 2016 Senate Chamber On Thursday, Senate will meet in a pro forma ses-sion. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, March 23, Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MR6.REC D21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D301 March 21, 2016 Agencies, markup on Appropriations Bill, FY 2017, 9 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. March 23, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Smithsonian Institution, 10 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. March 23, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, budget hearing on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, March 23, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Up-date on the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) Program and the Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Request’’, 10:30 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, March 23, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Administration’s Plan to Close the Guantanamo Bay Detention Facility: At What Foreign Policy and National Security Cost?’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, March 23, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 4482, the ‘‘Southwest Border Se-curity Threat Assessment Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4509, the ‘‘State and High-Risk Urban Area Working Group Act’’; H.R. 4549, the ‘‘Treating Small Airports with Fairness Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4698, the ‘‘Securing Aviation from Foreign Entry Points and Guarding Airports Through Enhanced Security Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4780, the ‘‘De-partment of Homeland Security Strategy for International Programs Act’’; H.R. 4785, the ‘‘DHS Stop Asset and Vehicle Excess Act’’; and the ‘‘Combating Terrorist Re-cruitment Act of 2016’’, 9 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on Natural Resources, March 23, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Ef-fect of the President’s FY 2017 Budget and Legislative Proposals for the Office of Surface Mining on Private Sec-tor Job Creation, Domestic Energy Production, State Pro-grams and Deficit Reduction’’, 9 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, March 23, Subcommittee on the Interior, hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining the Bureau of Land Management Public Lands Leas-ing’’, 9 a.m., 2247 Rayburn. March 23, Subcommittee on National Security; and Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing enti-tled ‘‘National Security: Threats at Our Borders’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, March 23, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining EPA’s Regional Haze Program: Regulations With-out Visible Benefits’’, 9:30 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, March 23, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4783, the ‘‘Commercializing on Small Business Innovation Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 207, the ‘‘Small Business Development Centers Improvement Act of 2015’’, 9:30 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MR6.REC D21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD302 March 21, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11 a.m., Thursday, March 24 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, March 22 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of the following measures under suspension of the rules: 1) H.R. 4742— Promoting Women in Entrepreneurship Act, 2) H.R. 4755—Inspiring the Next Space Pioneers, Innovators, Researchers, and Explorers (INSPIRE) Women Act, 3) H.R. 482—Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2016, 4) H.R. 2857—To fa-cilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville National Historical Park, 5) H.R. 4119—Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Exchange Act of 2016, 6) H.R. 4472—Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act, and 7) H.R. 4336—Women Airforce Service Pilot Arlington Inurnment Restoration Act. Begin consideration of H.R. 2745—Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act (Sub-ject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Allen, Rick W., Ga., E349 Bass, Karen, Calif., E343 Becerra, Xavier, Calif., E347, E352 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E342 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E341 Cook, Paul, Calif., E349 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E350 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E341 Gabbard, Tulsi, Hawaii, E342, E343 Garamendi, John, Calif., E341 Hardy, Cresent, Nev. E342 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E346 Honda, Michael M., Calif., E353 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E345, E351 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E352 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E344 Keating, William R., Mass., E353 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E348 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E342 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E348 Miller, Candice S., Mich., E347 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E346 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E352 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E343 Smith, Jason, Mo., E349 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E348 Takai, Mark, Hawaii, E341 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E344, E346, E347, E347, E348, E349, E350, E352, E352, E353 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Mar 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D21MR6.REC D21MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST