Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2285 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 12, 2016 No. 75 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, May 12, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable D
ANIEL  W
EBSTER to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
MAY IS STRAWBERRY FESTIVAL MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, we understand that the Speaker of the House is receiving a special visitor today: the heavyweight, undisputed champion and leader of the Republican Party, the person who speaks for every single House Republican, the Presi-dential nominee of the Republican Party. And just so that we are clear on how important this visit is, I hold in my hand the actual menu from the caf-eteria today. This is the menu from the Senate Carryout, and today’s special is—wait for it—taco salad. They even have little pictures of the taco salad. The Republicans love the Hispanics so much that they put taco salads on the menu so that we can honor the love and affection that their Presidential nominee feels for each and every one of us—the Hispanics. I am sure that that love and respect extends to all the working men and women in the cafe-terias, not just one part of Hispanics, but the other working men and women who are part of the Blacks, the Asian, and the Whites. They work hard every single day in the cafeterias of the Cap-itol and the surrounding buildings. It is not something I am proud of, but the reality is many of them don’t even make a living wage. Oh, and, look, it says here that May is Strawberry Festival Month in the cafeterias. Now, let’s see if we can guess who picks the strawberries that will be served in the cafeterias, shall we, Mr. Speaker? I would venture to guess that every single strawberry that is served on yogurt to Members of Con-gress will have passed through the hands—rough hands—of an undocu-mented immigrant. Whether it was growing them, picking them, packing them, shipping them, unloading them, or some other part of the process, the Strawberry Festival Month really means ‘‘undocumented farm worker month.’’ We are all complicit. Any food you eat will have been touched by undocu-mented immigrant hands, immigrants that the Republican Party wants to re-move from our country by the mil-lions—11 million people, their families, their businesses, their homeownership, their consumer buying power, their U.S. citizen wives and husbands, and their U.S. citizen children. They have all got to go. Now, it was less than 2 years ago, up-stairs in this building, that the re-spected chairman of the House Rules Committee said to me, in a committee hearing, that he was unaware of any-one in the Republican Party, he said: ‘‘There is no one in responsible Repub-lican leadership who would suggest or support mass deportation.’’ He said it was ‘‘inflammatory’’ for me to suggest otherwise, just 18 months ago. He said it was ‘‘extremely distasteful’’ of any-one, including me, to suggest Repub-licans would favor driving out 11 mil-lion immigrants. Now the standard bearer, the leader, the nominee, Orange Chief—El Jefe Anaranjado—who is leading the party into the November election is calling for the mass deportation or removal of 11 million people, in detail, out loud. So as we eat our taco salads today or have a sweet, delicious strawberry, I hope my colleagues chew on the words and keep in mind the philosophy and values your leader is espousing on the campaign trail on your behalf, the de facto head of the Republican Party. Just taste the immigrant labor, the hands of Mexicans—and a lot of other people with and without papers—that went into every morsel of the food that you taste today. I also want you to think about the nearly 1 million Amer-ican-born Latino citizens who have turned 18 in the last 12 months and the half a million more that will turn 18 before November. Think about the 82,000 Puerto Ricans who have left the island of Puerto Rico—most of them moving to Florida, a very important electoral State—and the tens of thousands more who will ar-rive before the election as citizens of the United States. As you eat your last strawberry, please, please, please, Mr. Speaker, I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.000 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2286 May 12, 2016 
hope you will think about the 25 per-cent increase that we have seen in the first quarter of 2016 in citizenship ap-plications, the 8.8 million eligible im-migrants who can apply for citizenship today, and the thousands more who will be eligible before November. Sure, you can chomp on your taco salad, Mr. Speaker, and you can con-centrate on the 11 million or so un-documented immigrants who are daily targets of lies and slander on the cam-paign trail, but come November, the Latinos you will really have to worry about are the more than 27 million Latino citizens, like me, of the U.S.A. who are your constituents, who are eli-gible to vote, and who are fired up to vote more and more with each passing day. 
f 
ATROCITIES IN SYRIA AND AMER-ICA’S MISSION TO BE AN EXEM-PLAR OF SELF-GOVERNANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
INZINGER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, Bill Clinton once said, when asked what his greatest regret was of his time in office, that his greatest re-gret was the failure to act on the geno-cide in Rwanda. Mr. Speaker, today, over a half mil-lion Syrians have been killed by a bru-tal dictator, Bashar al-Assad. What I think is important to note is that a lot of times when we talk about something happening somewhere that is not here, we think of it as something that doesn’t affect us because these people may look different, maybe they speak a different language, maybe they wor-ship a different God, and, frankly, it is oceans away. Mr. Speaker, right here is just a pic-ture of a number of Syrian children. These are children who are having their lives torn up by war. It is chil-dren, in fact, just like these that in past years were gassed by Bashar al- Assad. I want you to imagine that, gassing. As you drown, knowing that you are taking among your last breaths; as your mom and dad sit there and are af-fected by the same chemical weapons and are watching their children die. It is tragic. That was done indiscrimi-nately by Bashar al-Assad. But that is nothing new for him. Bashar al-Assad learned from the greatest man he knew—his father—who leveled cities and killed tens of thou-sands who dared disobey his will, the will of one man. So in 2011, these generations of re-pressed Syrians who do not like to live under dictatorships—humanity does not like to be oppressed and live under dictatorship—these millions of citizens rose up and began to peacefully protest their dictator. How did the dictator re-spond? Did he talk about reforms that could be done to government? No. He responded with tanks, with armies, and with murder. He responded with chem-ical weapons. The United States and other coun-tries were rightfully concerned with what was going on, and a red line was placed by our President. That red line was not adhered to. Bashar al-Assad got away with using chemical weapons at no cost and no penalty. So this bru-tal civil war continues. Children and women are among the chief targets, by the way, of the regime because they believe it inflicts more pain per capita on the population than killing a man. So they target them spe-cifically. They continue to die. The West thought they had nego-tiated—and the President thought he had negotiated—a cease-fire; but yet, in the end of April, a Doctors Without Borders hospital was bombed. Was it the one we hear so much about in Af-ghanistan, the mistaken bombing of a Doctors Without Borders hospital that was tragically done by the American military? No, not that one, as tragic as that is. But it was the regime of Bashar al-Assad that killed over 60 people in a Doctors Without Borders hospital, de-spite a cease-fire that is occurring. Now we are back at the table hoping to make this one cease-fire actually stick. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, in this campaign season people have been se-ductively lured into the idea that America’s responsibility now is just to come home and lick our wounds. I be-lieve that America has a mission that is a God-inspired mission. It is a mis-sion to be an example to billions of people of self-governance and to be an example of human rights and dignity. But it is also in our self-interest to be involved. What has the brutal dictator Bashar al-Assad done besides tragically kill al-most a half million people, as if that is not bad enough? Bashar al-Assad has created an area for ISIS to spawn and breed. ISIS wouldn’t be in existence today if Syria was a stable country po-tentially under democratic rule be-cause the people wouldn’t turn to it. Bashar al-Assad created and incubates ISIS—fact. Bashar al-Assad brutalizes his people, and you can not fix the situ-ation in Syria with Bashar al-Assad re-maining in existence. It may not be popular to say. People may say: Do you want to intervene in another Middle Eastern war? No, I don’t want to. But I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, America has a mission; and if we forget that mission, if we wake up and if the President some day in an interview says, ‘‘My greatest regret was inaction in Syria,’’ that is on all of us, too. These children want to be teachers, they want to be police officers, and they want to have kids of their own some day. Don’t forget their voices. 
f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF DR. PHIL SMITH OF NEBRASKA MEDICINE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. A
SHFORD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the retirement of Dr. Phil Smith of Nebraska Medicine at the University of Nebraska Medical Center. Over 35 years ago, Dr. Smith estab-lished the Nebraska Infection Control Network to educate healthcare profes-sionals regarding infection control in nursing homes and hospitals. Dr. Smith is a pioneer in the field of infectious disease, and his perseverance and dedication led to the establishment of the very critical biocontainment unit at Nebraska Medicine in 2005. Commissioned by the Centers for Dis-ease Control, the unit was at ground zero in the fight against Ebola, pro-viding Ebola training to more than 30 of the country’s top hospitals while successfully treating several Ebola pa-tients. Dr. Rick Sacra, who contracted the disease in West Africa, credits the Omaha unit with saving his life. Recently, Dr. Smith codeveloped the Center for Preparedness Education, a coalition between the University of Ne-braska Medical Center and Creighton University Medical Center. It is very difficult to sum up this ca-reer that he has had. What is critical, though, is that the Ebola problem and crisis is not going away. The University of Nebraska Medical Center, the community that I come from, Omaha, Nebraska, and the entire State of Nebraska are committed to fighting Ebola. It will continue to do so by developing an even more significant biocontainment center, developing teaching regimens, and developing re-search regimens at the University of Nebraska Medical Center to fight Ebola and other infectious diseases. It is difficult to sum up the career that Dr. Smith has had, but I will quote this. He says: ‘‘Patient care has been part of my life. It’s a noble profes-sion, and nothing beats the gratifi-cation of making a diagnosis and help-ing a patient.’’ Nothing is more critical than the treatment of the Ebola crisis at the University of Nebraska. Saving lives, creating an atmosphere for further re-search, and creating a facility for training healthcare professionals from around the world is the mission that the University of Nebraska has taken up. b1015 Dr. Smith’s contributions to Ne-braska and our Nation are immeas-urable, and we are grateful for his serv-ice. Interestingly enough, the University of Nebraska biocontainment unit is now in the capable hands of Dr. Angie Hewitt, who is the daughter of one of our colleagues, Representative GENE G
REEN of Texas. Dr. Hewitt will con-tinue the work that Dr. Smith has begun and will continue to enlarge and engage the world in the fight against infectious disease. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.002 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2287 May 12, 2016 
ISRAEL AND U.S. MUST FACE COMMON THREATS TOGETHER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Israel has always been surrounded by threats. Since it was established, Israel has survived Arab armies waiting at its borders to destroy the Jewish state. It has persisted in the face of suicide bombers and terrorist onslaughts like no other country in history. Recently the threats to Israel have increased and become even more dangerous. Iran’s Supreme Leader has stated clearly that he wants to destroy Israel. Thanks to the nuclear deal made by the administration, it is only a matter of time before the mullahs in Iran de-velop a nuclear weapon. The Iran deal will go down in history as one of the administration’s worst foreign policy mistakes. This Neville Chamberlain deal ensured that Iran gets to keep enriching uranium. It does not have to dismantle any of its nu-clear infrastructure. So, in 10 years, Tehran just has to flip a switch to get a nuclear bomb, and Israel is the first target. Tehran wants to put the entire Middle East under its thumb. Iran continues to defy U.N. security resolutions on ballistic missiles. Since the nuclear deal was signed, Iran has conducted three ballistic missile tests. Some of the previously launched mis-siles were even marked in Hebrew with the words ‘‘Israel must be wiped off the Earth.’’ There is more. Iran has announced that it would give $7,000 to families of Palestinians who murder Israelis and an additional $30,000 to every family whose home Israel demolished due to the family’s involvement in terrorism. The Iranian mullahs have hate and murder in their souls, and they want to eliminate Israel. The fact that the ad-ministration gave a $100 billion signing bonus in sanctions relief to a regime that consorts with North Korea and sends terrorist proxies to do its bidding is a really bad foreign policy. There is more. Iran has sent Hezbollah to go after Israelis around the world. Hezbollah now has an esti-mated 150,000 rockets and missiles in its stockpile. That is enough to rain down thousands of rockets a day on Israel for months. In fact, Iran has transferred new game-changing advanced weapons to the terrorist group Hezbollah. This in-cludes antiship cruise missiles, air de-fense systems, and precision-guided surface-to-surface missiles. Then there is Hamas in the south. In Gaza, Israeli officials now believe that Hamas has completely replenished all of its rocket supply that Israel de-stroyed 2 years ago. Hamas is building a sophisticated network of tunnels under the Gaza Strip for the purpose of securing arms and supplies. This tunnel network has only one purpose: to strike at the heart of the Israeli population centers. More. Since September, Palestinian lone-wolf terrorists have carried out hundreds of vicious attacks against Israeli citizens. These terrorists will do anything to kill. They ram vehicles into civilians, shoot indiscriminately, and stab anybody in the way. Immediately following the first at-tack, Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas proclaimed: ‘‘We wel-come every drop of blood spilled in Je-rusalem. This is pure blood, blood on its way to Allah.’’ This latest wave of attacks has killed 34 people and injured 400. Among those killed were two Americans, and one of them was a citizen of Texas, Taylor Force. These terrorists are only happy when they have destroyed Israeli and American families wherever they find them. ISIS, which is even more brutal than al Qaeda, controls large parts of Syria. These terrorists no doubt view Israel as a threat and will likely turn to attack-ing the Jewish state in due time. Those who threaten Israel, Mr. Speaker, threaten the United States. The same terrorist groups that want to destroy Israel want to destroy the United States. The same Iran that calls Israel the ‘‘Little Satan’’ calls the United States the ‘‘Great Satan.’’ Mr. Speaker, Israel is a bright star, the lone star of liberty, freedom, and democracy in the Middle East. The vil-lains that want Israel destroyed are picking a fight with the wrong folks. They will lose that fight because Israel and the United States will work to-gether, no matter who the enemy is, for liberty, justice, and freedom not only for Israel, but for the United States. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
DR. KENT SCRIBNER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, before I get into my remarks, I want to share a story about a conversation that I had with one of my colleagues here on the House floor. It was a colleague from Arizona. I asked the colleague: How is the new superintendent that is coming to the Fort Worth Independent School Dis-trict, Dr. Scribner? The colleague told me how lucky we were to be getting Dr. Scribner from the Phoenix Independent School Dis-trict because he has done such a re-markable job there and that the com-munity was really saddened, but happy for him that he was given the oppor-tunity to come and work in one of Texas’ largest independent school dis-tricts. I want to rise today to lend my un-wavering support for a respected educa-tor that has made a mark very quickly in the Fort Worth community, and that is Dr. Kent Scribner. Dr. Scribner is a dedicated educator who is leading, again, one of the larg-est school systems in the entire State of Texas. But recently he has come under attack from centralized forces in Austin that don’t believe in local con-trol and, by the way, would like to ac-tually take money out of the Fort Worth ISD and let that money be used for poor-performing schools in the form of school vouchers. What Dr. Scribner is under attack for from Austin is by trying to protect transgender students. Under the guide-lines issued by Dr. Scribner, transgender students are allowed to use the bathroom and locker room of their choice. Teachers are to address them by the pronoun that reflects the student’s gender identity. Staff are to protect a student’s privacy about decisions to transition from one gender to another. An employee who does not comply with these rules could face discipline. It also protects other students. It says that students who do not feel comfortable using a bathroom with a transgender student are provided a rea-sonable and safe accommodation for them as well. These guidelines, unlike it was first reported, were not developed in isola-tion. The Fort Worth School Board has been working on these policies since 2014 and drafted a new set of guidelines last summer. Instead of condemning Dr. Scribner, we should applaud his leadership be-cause it encourages an environment that protects our children’s safety. Dr. Scribner has children, also, I want to make clear, in the Forth Worth Inde-pendent School District, and I doubt that he would want to subject his chil-dren to an environment that he didn’t feel was safe. Many transgender students simply cannot use the restroom or locker room of the gender they were assigned at birth. Asking transgender students to use a separate restroom, like a fac-ulty restroom, singles them out and in-creases the risk of bullying. Transgender students should not also have to face bullying from government officials. Allowing transgender students to use the correct restroom is just telling them that they can use the restroom like anyone else. Doing otherwise would tell them that they are unwel-come at the school they attend. Re-stricting restroom access for transgender students goes against the consensus of medical professionals and mental health experts. The guidelines that Dr. Scribner has issued are similar to those adopted by hundreds of school districts around the country. Let me just also tell you that Dr. Scribner has a lot of good backup in what he is doing. These best prac-tices are supported by the Child Wel-fare League of America, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the Texas Asso-ciation Against Sexual Assault, and the Texas Council on Family Violence. Dr. Scribner’s leadership is especially commendable at a time when we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.025 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2288 May 12, 2016 
seeing a dramatic increase in hateful, discriminatory, and anti-LGBT legisla-tion across the United States. It is im-perative that we stand together to en-sure that no one is discriminated against because of their sexual orienta-tion or gender identity. That is why I am a proud sponsor and a proud cosponsor of the Quality Act and I am also a member of the Quality Caucus. I wholeheartedly believe that preventing this type of discrimination only makes our country a better place. The fight for LGBT equality has seen tremendous progress, but we still have a lot of work to do to make sure that all of our students feel safe in school. I am honored to stand in solidarity with Dr. Scribner. I ask my colleagues to stand with me as we support the rights of all Americans. 
f 
OPIOID ADDICTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) for 5 min-utes. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, opioid addiction has proven to destroy hope, it destroys opportunity, and it is destroying families. Certainly we see this across the country, but we are also seeing the devastating effects of addiction in Ten-nessee. Tennessee has the second high-est rating nationally for opioid addic-tion. As many States are exceedingly aware, drug overdose is the leading cause of accidental death in this coun-try. As we started working on this issue in the Committee on Energy and Commerce, so many people did not re-alize that prescription drug abuse is the leading cause of accidental death in our country, with over 18,000 fatali-ties last year. Addiction does not care about race, gender, or politics. It is an issue that affects all of us, and it af-fects the people that we are here to serve. Together many of us—families and those that we love in our commu-nities—are working to find solutions that will combat this epidemic and help remedy those who are suffering from addiction the most. Just this week—and you can look at the bills that have been on the agenda and have passed the House; many of these are being done with bipartisan support— there have been 15 amendments to these bills. They have all passed by voice vote. What the bills will do is to stream-line the burdensome bureaucracy which currently debilitates finding a solution for this crisis. I commend my colleagues for focus-ing on this issue and for saying: What do we do to get to the root cause of this problem and put the tools in place so that, at the local, State, and Federal levels, this can be addressed and it can be solved? One of the things that we have done is to improve the situation with the VA and the oversight mechanisms that they have to make certain that our veterans are being protected and that the issues of addiction are being appro-priately addressed and dealt with. Earlier this year we achieved a suc-cess that is one way that the Federal Government can help in the work that our State legislators are doing. In my State of Tennessee, State Senator Dr. Joey Hensley and State Representative Barry Doss have been the leaders on these issues for our general assembly. The legislation that I authored along with Congressman TOMMARINO was signed into law and ensures access to proper medication for patients with le-gitimate needs while allowing us to continue battling the drug diversion and abuse problem that exists here in our country. It will enable our local and State officials to move forward, ad-dress the pill mills, and, at the same time, make certain that patients with needs have access. The legislation is called the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug En-forcement Act of 2016. What it will do is to combat the inappropriate use of prescription drugs by bringing greater clarity—something that is needed in so many laws and rules—but bringing greater clarity and transparency to the requirements needed for safe and se-cure distribution of medications. Mr. Speaker, the people battling ad-diction are moms and dads, brothers and sisters and children, neighbors and friends. They are saying: We need your help. Our healthcare professionals and our pharmacists have said: We need clarity. That is what we in the House are seeking to do this week. 
f 
b1030 2016 CALL TO ACTION: COMBATING OPIOID ABUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) for 5 minutes. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, in the United States, 2.1 million people suffer from dependency and addiction to pre-scription opioid drugs. Eighty percent of the world’s pain pills are consumed in the United States, but we only have 5 percent of the world’s population. This is an epidemic that reaches every corner of our Nation, transcending re-gional, State, community, and neigh-borhood lines. More people died from drug overdose in 2014 than ever before. Over 60 percent of those deaths in-volved the use of an opioid. Seventy- eight Americans die every single day from an opioid overdose. There are more people dying from prescription drug overdoses than from car acci-dents. This week, the House is considering 15 bipartisan measures that seek to ad-dress some of the widespread problems that have caused and perpetuated this national crisis; but as we look at treat-ment options and support for those who are dealing with this addiction, it is important that we actually focus on the root cause of the problem. We have seen for decades major phar-maceutical companies that have misled the FDA, doctors, and patients about the safety and risks of opioid depend-ence on commonly prescribed prescrip-tion drugs in their efforts to sell more drugs. Three top executives from Pur-due Pharma even pleaded guilty to criminal charges. Just last week, the LA Times re-vealed how Purdue Pharma has made over $31 billion off of OxyContin, Amer-ica’s best-selling painkiller, by adver-tising the drug’s 12-hour pain relief. In-vestigations have found that for many people the drug actually doesn’t last for 12 hours. In fact, it wears off hours earlier for most people. This often leads to ‘‘excruciating symptoms of withdrawal, including an intense crav-ing for the drug.’’ Despite multiple complaints from doctors, sales representatives, and independent research showing that many patients don’t experience this 12- hour pain relief, the company has con-tinued to market the drug’s 12-hour re-lief and is even encouraging doctors to prescribe stronger doses when patients complain about its shortened effects. According to the National Survey on Drug Use and Health, more than 7 mil-lion Americans have abused OxyContin. Many abusers then turn to heroin, which is made from the same poppy plant and has the same effect. After people are addicted to opioid prescrip-tion drugs, they turn to heroin when they can’t get their hands on those pills. To give you some context, one 60- milligram pill costs, on average, around $60. To get the very same amount of heroin, you will pay one- tenth of the price. The problems created by companies like Purdue are felt deeply by families all across the country. It is happening to our police officers, to teachers, to nurses, and to others in our commu-nities who all share the same stories. They used to take prescription drugs, but now they inject heroin. In my home State of Hawaii, the rate of pain medicine abuse is more than 10 percent above the national average. According to the Hawaii State Department of Health data, opioid-related deaths have increased 133 percent from 2000 to 2016. Veterans, people who have served our country in uniform, have been dis-proportionately impacted by this epi-demic. I have heard from some of my friends and fellow veterans of how, dur-ing their visits to the VA in their seek-ing treatment, even after telling their doctors ‘‘I don’t want drugs,’’ they re-ceived prescriptions for those drugs. Up until recently, the VA prescribed opioids almost exclusively to veterans who were experiencing chronic pain. Prescriptions for opiates spiked by 270 percent over 12 years, according to the 2013 analysis by the Center for In-vestigative Reporting. This led to ad-dictions and to a fatal overdose rate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.005 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2289 May 12, 2016 
amongst veterans at a rate of twice the national average. The VA is beginning to start to change some of its practices by offering alternative modes of treat-ment, but even so, that change is not comprehensive and it is not happening everywhere across the country. A national health crisis of this mag-nitude requires leadership, commit-ment, resolve, and partnership at every level of government, within our med-ical community and within our com-munity itself. I urge my colleagues to join me in calling for further action to hold pharmaceutical companies ac-countable that are profiting off of America’s addiction problems, to hold doctors accountable who are irrespon-sibly overprescribing these addictive drugs, and to focus instead on finding real solutions that can truly help peo-ple. I urge the U.S. Surgeon General to make combating opioid abuse the 2016 Call to Action, which is a yearly initia-tive that helps to stimulate nationwide action to solve a major public health program in the U.S. In the past few years, the national Call to Action has addressed exercise and walkable com-munities, skin cancer prevention, breastfeeding, deep vein thrombosis, and underage drinking. With 78 Ameri-cans dying every single day from opioid overdose, this is an issue that demands our national attention and action. 
f 
SAUK RAPIDS’ 2016 CITIZEN OF THE YEAR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and con-gratulate April Meyers for being named the 2016 Citizen of the Year in Sauk Rapids, Minnesota. The Sauk Rapids Citizen of the Year was created by the Sauk Rapids Cham-ber and is meant to recognize individ-uals who have impacted the commu-nity for the better. Meyers, who was unaware that she had even been nominated, was selected by a committee made up of city staff, local businesses, and previous Citizen of the Year recipients. Since 1992, April has been involved with the Great River Rotary, the Living Waters Lutheran Church, the Sauk Rapids School Dis-trict, and she is also the director of housing for the Good Shepherd Com-munity. Thank you, April. Thank you for your dedication to the less fortunate, to our children, and to the elderly. Thank you for being an inspiration to others. Thank you for making Sauk Rapids such a great city in the Sixth Congressional District. It is because of people like you that Minnesota is such a great place to live and raise a family. 
A 100-YEAR CELEBRATION  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and honor one of the great families in Min-nesota’s Sixth Congressional District, the Bernicks, and their business that is celebrating an incredible 100 years of operation. Bernick’s was founded in 1916 in St. Cloud, Minnesota, by Elizabeth and Charles Bernick. Originally a soda pop bottling company, Bernick’s used to deliver their products in a horse-drawn wagon. The company has come a long way since then. Over the past century, this family-owned company has passed from generation to generation, expand-ing into a booming business with more than 650 employees. Today, Bernick’s provides full beverage, vending, and food services to the central Minnesota area while maintaining its family roots in St. Cloud. Running a business is no small feat. Running one successfully for a century is something that we can all be proud of. Congratulations to the Bernick family for their five generations of suc-cess. Thank you for all you do for our community. REMEMBERING FALLEN OFFICERS  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate Na-tional Police Week, a time when we re-member the men and women in blue who paid the ultimate sacrifice in order to protect and serve our great Nation. The great State of Minnesota is home to many phenomenal law enforcement officers—men and women who put their lives on the line each and every day to ensure the safety and security of our communities. They live their lives to serve, and some tragically lose their lives in the line of duty. These are the true heroes. Just this past year, an officer named Deputy Steven Sandberg was shot and killed in the line of duty in St. Cloud, Minnesota. While his death was both senseless and tragic, today we remem-ber the courageous way that he and many other fallen police officers chose to live and serve their communities. This week, in honoring fallen officers like Deputy Sandberg, we remember and we honor their service and their sacrifice. 
ADDRESSING THE OPIOID CRISIS  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to address a national epidemic: opioid addiction and abuse. Addiction is a disease that does not discriminate based on age, education, or wealth, and it even happens in small town Minnesota. Recently I learned firsthand that addiction knows no bounds. Unfortunately, like too many people today, I have seen the danger and the devastation caused by addic-tion up close and personal. I come from a small town in Min-nesota with a population of, approxi-mately, 5,000 people. We pretty much know everybody. I have had the great fortune to raise seven kids in this great little town, and as a youth hockey coach for almost 20 years, I have had the opportunity to work with and to get to know many of the kids in our community—kids who have big hopes and dreams. Unfortunately, because of the opioid and heroin crisis in this country, two of them left us way too soon. Today, nearly one person dies every 12 minutes of a drug overdose. This must stop. It is going to take more than government policy to fight this epidemic, but I am so grateful for the efforts here in Washington, on both sides of the aisle, to take on this epi-demic. I just want to thank my col-leagues for all of their work on this im-portant issue. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair and not to a per-ceived viewing audience. f 
NATIONAL BRAIN TUMOR AWARENESS MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, nearly 700,000 people in the United States today are living with a brain tumor. Sadly, over 16,000 of them will lose their battles this year alone. Many of them will be children, with brain tu-mors being the leading cause of death from cancer for those who are under 14. Unfortunately, the treatment and re-moval of brain tumors presents signifi-cant challenges because of the brain’s uniquely complex and fragile nature, due, in no small part, to there being more than 120 different types of tu-mors. While brain tumor research is supported by a number of private non-profit research foundations and by in-stitutes at the National Institutes of Health, there still remain daunting ob-stacles in the development of new treatments. Moreover, there are cur-rently no strategies for screening or for the early detection of brain tumors. Despite the number of new people who are diagnosed with brain tumors every year and their devastating prog-noses over the past 30 years, there have only been four FDA-approved drugs and one device to treat brain tumors. On top of that, the four approved drugs have provided only incremental im-provements to patient survival, and mortality rates remain little changed over the past 30 years. It is clear that much more must be done. That is why I am proud to intro-duce a resolution designating this May as National Brain Tumor Awareness Month. Throughout the month, advocates around the country unite to educate the public about brain tumors and to advocate for policies that are vital to the discovery of a cure. Their efforts are crucial for shining a light on the difficulties that are associated with re-search on brain tumors and the oppor-tunities for advancements in brain tumor research and treatment. I ask my colleagues to honor those who have lost their lives to a brain tumor and to please support this reso-lution so we can move one step closer to ending this devastating disease. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.006 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2290 May 12, 2016 
OPIOID BILLS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the action the House is taking this week to combat the cri-sis of opioid abuse. As a registered nurse, I have seen the grim reality of the addiction from all sides. I have witnessed its grip on fami-lies—the way it slowly steals the life behind its victims’ eyes and how what was thought to be a quick fix can eas-ily spiral into a deadly experience. We all know that addiction is an equal opportunity destroyer of poten-tial. It does not care about your race, gender, income, or political party. Therefore, the solutions that we offer in Congress must also reach across ar-tificial boundaries to help all who are touched by this epidemic to get back on their feet. I am proud that, all told, the House will take up 18 bills this week that are aimed at combating opioid abuse. Among these solutions is a bill cre-ating an interagency task force to en-sure healthcare professionals have up- to-date guidelines and best practices for treating patients with acute and chronic pain. This is critically impor-tant as 17 percent of opioid users today get their highs from medications that are legally prescribed to them by a doctor. The House also passed legislation that makes it safer for veterans to seek pain management care. Specifically, the bill would require the VA employ-ees who prescribe opioids to receive education and training on pain man-agement while also calling for a gov-ernment watchdog report on the VA opioid use and treatment. Importantly, for me as a nurse, Con-gress has additionally taken steps to protect newborns from the exposure to addictive opioid drugs while in the womb. This includes legislation to au-thorize residential treatment grant programs for pregnant and postpartum women who have substance abuse prob-lems, as well as a bill calling for a gov-ernment study on the prevalence of neonatal abstinence syndrome and of-fering recommendations to improve ac-cess to treatment. b1045 While these bills offer an important starting point, Congress cannot single-handedly legislate away the threat of opioid abuse. It takes willing partners in our community to help raise aware-ness and intervene before addiction sets in. I was reminded of this recently when I visited and met with the Smith Coun-ty Anti-Drug Coalition back in my dis-trict. This organization is going into schools to arm young people with the facts about drug abuse. They are pro-viding drop boxes in the public spaces so citizens can safely dispose of unused medication, and they are working with law enforcement to ensure that their efforts are as effective as possible. We can never underestimate the impor-tance of nonprofits and volunteer-sup-ported organizations like this. Mr. Speaker, opioid addicts are not bad people trying to be good. They are sick people trying to get well. When we come together with an eye on the solu-tion and an emphasis on personal re-sponsibility, we can find victory over this preventable disease and help those who are hurting to reassemble their lives and regain their pursuit of the American Dream. 
f 
HOUSTON FLOODING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I and a host of colleagues find our-selves on a mission of mercy. This is a mission of mercy, Mr. Speaker, for peo-ple who are suffering in Houston, Texas, and the surrounding area. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Con-gressman G
ENEGREEN , the original co-sponsor of H.R. 5025, the 2016 Tax Day Floods Supplemental Funding Act. I want to thank Congressman J
OHNCUL-
BERSON for being the first person to sign on, such that the bill has become bipartisan. It is a bipartisan piece of legislation. I want to talk about suffering today, Mr. Speaker, because a good many peo-ple in Houston, Texas, are suffering for a multiplicity of reasons. I will share just a few. Before I do this, I want to remind friends and colleagues that tonight, after the Republican hour and the Democratic hour, my colleagues and I will take to the floor to say much more about what is happening in Houston, Texas. For now, I want to mention the suf-fering, because suffering can teach us that which we can learn no other way. Some things bear repeating. Suffering and pain can teach us that which we can learn no other way. It is one thing to sympathize and to say, ‘‘There but for the grace of God go I’’ and under-stand that there is suffering associated with that statement, but it is another thing to empathize because you had the experience associated with the suf-fering that goes along with the state-ment, ‘‘There but for the grace of God go I.’’ So in Houston, Texas, a good many people are suffering because they have had their homes flooded not once, but twice—some even more. They are suf-fering because some of them were just getting back into their homes, and their homes were flooded again. They are suffering because they have lost their means of transportation, the abil-ity to get to work, to sustain the liveli-hood that causes them to have the abil-ity to take care of themselves and their families. There is suffering in Houston, Texas. They are suffering because they don’t know what the future holds. They don’t know what next year will bring or next month will bring because these 100- year floods are happening quite regu-larly in Houston, Texas. So they are suffering in Houston. I want my colleagues and my friends to know, Mr. Speaker, that this suf-fering is something that we can miti-gate. We may not be able to eliminate it totally, completely, and absolutely. No one can stop all of the flooding all of the time, but there are projects that have been authorized that we are cur-rently funding on a piecemeal basis. There are projects that, if completed, Mr. Speaker, would mitigate the flood-ing. We have a piecemeal approach to a problem that requires a wholesale solu-tion. There is suffering, and we could eliminate much of this suffering. That which we cannot eliminate, we can mitigate. The suffering I have called to your attention thus far, Mr. Speaker, in-volves property, real and personal. But I also want to mention the ultimate pain that is being endured by a good many in Houston, and that is losing someone whom you love to cir-cumstances that could have possibly been eliminated. Eight lives, possibly nine—I am told that there may be another—eight lives were lost, Mr. Speaker. Eight people lost their lives to flooding in Houston, Texas, in the tax day flood, so-called because it occurred on the last day to pay your taxes. Eight lives were lost. The family members of these persons who lost their lives are suffering in Houston, Texas. So I come to the floor with an appeal to my colleagues. We ask that you kindly give consideration to H.R. 5025, the 2016 Tax Day Floods Supplemental Funding Act, that has now some 60 co-sponsors. But it is more than a bill, Mr. Speaker. It is an opportunity to elimi-nate suffering in Houston, Texas. I will close with this. I mentioned that suffering can teach us that which we can learn no other way. One of the things that I have learned is that, when a storm hits the East Coast and people are suffering, as a Member of Congress, I have to be there for them. When we have the tornadic activities and people suffer, I have to be there for them. Mr. Speaker, I want people to remember that suffering will teach you that which you can learn no other way. God bless you, and God bless our great country. 
f 
TENNESSEE RADIO HALL OF FAME The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor this year’s induct-ees to the Tennessee Radio Hall of Fame. Tennessee has a long history in the radio broadcast industry, dating back to the early 1920s. It has since grown to nearly 450 stations which, collectively, reach almost 7 million people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.008 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2291 May 12, 2016 
Tennessee’s radio outlets have served as a shining example, providing a con-sistent source of quality information, while never forgetting the core reason for their existence, which is to serve our growing communities. In light of that, I would like to take a moment to recognize this year’s Radio Hall of Fame inductees—Harry Chapman; War-ren Medley; Dave Overton; Aaron Rob-inson, Sr.; Charlie Scott; and Cal Young, Jr.—all of whom, collectively, made decades of significant broadcast contributions prior to their death. In addition, I would like to recognize Maxine Humphreys, Cathy Martindale, and Bart Walker. Also, I would like to highlight those from my district in Chattanooga— Chattanooga’s very own Billy Joe Poindexter of WUSY, US 101; Keith Landecker of Power 94; Earl Freudenberg of WDYN AM 980; and sta-tion of the year, WUSY, US 101—all of whom continue to make significant contributions to the radio industry. On a personal note, when I was a law-yer in my district, I had a radio show. During that time, I had the privilege of working with Earl Freudenberg on the Dynamo of Dixie on AM 1310. I learned much from Earl during that time, and I am proud to call him a friend. Need-less to say, I enjoyed my radio years in the Chattanooga community im-mensely. Again, I would like to congratulate this year’s Tennessee Radio Hall of Fame inductees. 
f 
POLICE WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, this is Police Week, a week which offers all of us an opportunity to honor those who selflessly keep our community safe. ‘‘To protect and serve,’’ that is more than just a slogan on the side of police cars across the country. It is a prom-ise, a promise that brave men and women in uniform keep every day as they uphold law and order in our cities and towns. But to be able to protect and serve us, our law enforcement needs the tools and resources that are vital to success-fully doing their job. And, unfortu-nately, some of that essential life-saving equipment that they need to protect us and to protect themselves has been stripped away. Last June, President Obama arbi-trarily and unilaterally decided to limit the 1033 surplus equipment pro-gram, a Federal program that provides lifesaving Defense Department equip-ment to State and local law enforce-ment agencies. Because of this ill-conceived action, I am hearing from the sheriffs, police chiefs, and law enforcement officials throughout the 18 counties that I am fortunate to represent. I am hearing about how the safety of the brave men and women in blue and their depart-ments are being compromised by the President’s action. It is clear that the President’s deci-sion to unilaterally cut access to life-saving equipment was a knee-jerk reac-tion that put politics in front of public safety, and that is something that we simply can’t let happen. So in response, Mr. Speaker, I have introduced the Protecting Lives Using Surplus Equipment Act to stop this ac-tion dead in its tracks and to ensure that any changes to this program are the result of a data-driven debate here in Congress, not through some arbi-trary, unilateral action by the Presi-dent. So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to join me in standing up against this administration’s attack on law enforcement safety by supporting my bill and making sure that our po-lice have the equipment they need for their own safety and for the safety of the American people. They deserve nothing less. f 
NEW YORK STATE’S REJECTION OF THE CONSTITUTION PIPELINE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Speaker, during the winter months, natural gas demand in New York City outstrips the ability of existing pipelines to deliver natural gas from the nearby Marcellus gas field in Pennsylvania. This capac-ity limitation can cause gas prices to spike during cold weather. For exam-ple, on January 22, 2014, when the price in the Marcellus was $3.50 per thousand cubic feet, the New York City price was $123. I want to repeat that; $3.50 in the Marcellus, and in New York City the price was $123. Constraints on natural gas make electricity more expensive. High en-ergy prices are especially hard on the poor. Businesses suffer and jobs are lost when they lack abundant supply of affordable, clean energy. However, there is a shovel-ready solution: build the Constitution pipeline to bring more of Pennsylvania’s Marcellus gas to New York. You would think that New York would welcome a new supply of clean, economical natural gas to lower con-sumer costs. However, on April 22, New York’s State Department of Environ-mental Conservation denied the con-struction of the Constitution pipeline needed to deliver more Pennsylvania gas. For several years, the Constitution Pipeline Company, a group led by Wil-liams Partners, located in my district, has been developing an $875 million pri-vately funded project to build a pipe-line from Pennsylvania to Albany to deliver gas to the Iroquois pipeline and to consumers in New York State and in New England. b1100 The Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission issued a certificate of public convenience and necessity for the Con-stitution pipeline in 2014. I want to re-peat that. FERC approves of the pipe-line. According to the company, FERC’s final environmental review of the proposed pipeline concluded that environmental impacts would be re-duced to ‘‘less than significant levels.’’ A year and a half later, the State of New York decided to deny certification necessary to issue construction per-mits. The Williams Group worked with the State for 3 years, including two 1-year extensions requested by the State, and yet the State asserted that informa-tion provided by the company con-cerning the 250 or so stream crossings was incomplete. The company refuted the State of New York’s assertions, saying: ‘‘Com-pletely contrary to the New York DEC’s assertion, we provided detailed drawings and profiles for every stream crossing in New York, including show-ing depth of pipe. In fact, all stream crossings were fully vetted with the DEC throughout the review process. We are appalled . . .’’ Amazingly, Federal regulations pro-vide no recourse to challenge a State’s rejection of a section 401 certification, so Constitution Pipeline may need to initiate legal action to contest the de-cision. The decision has every appear-ance of political motivation. The Wall Street Journal called it ‘‘Cuomo’s En-ergy Jobs Veto.’’ One has to wonder if the Governor of New York really wants to help the poor and if he can recognize a shovel-ready job when he sees one. This pipeline project would create 2,400 construction jobs and infuse $130 million of labor in-come into the region, in addition to providing a reliable supply of clean en-ergy. The real victims in this matter, Mr. Speaker, are the people of New York. Hopefully, political agendas that threaten to deny New Yorkers the ben-efits of the Constitution pipeline will be confounded. In the meantime, the message from New York’s executive branch is that would-be energy sup-pliers to New York State need not apply. It appears to be time for con-sumers and their representatives to make their views known in Albany and for Congress—that is us—to revisit the pipeline permitting process. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 2 min-utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.010 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2292 May 12, 2016 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of mercy, thank You for giving us another day. You have kept Your covenant with every generation. In a world shadowed by the many infidelities and many in-consistencies of frail humanity, grant us faith in Your enduring love and pa-tience with us. Confirm the Members of the people’s House in Your power that they may ac-complish the tasks You set before them. Since You have called them to serve this great Nation, grant them the gifts they need to discern Your holy will and accomplish deeds of justice and integ-rity, today and every day of their lives. May all that is done today be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from New York (Mr. H
IGGINS ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. HIGGINS led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
SOUTH CAROLINA IS A PRO- BUSINESS STATE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, recently Chief Executive Magazine and the United National Movers Study confirmed what we al-ready knew firsthand: South Carolina is a great place to live and work. South Carolina is ranked seventh in the Nation as one of the best States for doing business, up three spots in the past year according to Chief Executive Magazine. Our dynamic citizens, probusiness en-vironment, and right-to-work laws cre-ate jobs. South Carolina is already home to BMW of Germany, Volvo of Sweden, Michelin of France, Bridgestone of Japan, Boeing, and many more. In addition to creating jobs, more people are moving to South Carolina, according to data from the United Na-tional Movers Study. Our strong job market, excellent climate, and friendly citizens give South Carolina the second highest rate among States of individ-uals moving to the State. I am grateful to Governor Nikki Haley, Secretary of Commerce Bobby Hitt, and all of the economic develop-ment groups who are working tire-lessly to bring jobs to South Carolina with technical training. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
APPROVAL OF NORWEGIAN AIR INTERNATIONAL’S FOREIGN AIR CARRIER PERMIT (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HIGGINS. Madam Speaker, on April 15, the Department of Transpor-tation tentatively approved the Nor-wegian Air International’s request for a foreign air carrier permit, which would enable it to operate flights in the United States. This decision is inconsistent with the intent of the United States-European Union Air Transport Agreement and threatens thousands of U.S. jobs by un-dercutting American wages and work-ing conditions. While Norwegian Air International is owned by a Norwegian company, it op-erates under a flag of convenience, which allows it to dodge Norway’s col-lective bargaining laws, tax regime, and regulatory climate. The applica-tion should be denied. I have cosponsored legislation to per-mit the issuance of this permit and will continue to work with my colleagues in a bipartisan fashion to ensure a level playing field for U.S. businesses and American workers. 
f 
AMERICAN FOREIGN POLICY IN LIBYA (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, 5 years after the United States removal of Libyan dictator Qadhafi, Libya is a dangerous mess. U.S. policy was simple: remove the country’s dictator, then get out of town. Now there is chaos. The U.S. gave its blessings as arms were shipped into the Libyan tinderbox. Then Libya quickly exploded. Now Libya is a state of perpetual anarchy, civil war, and death. Al Qaeda and ISIS have since infil-trated Libya, exploiting the power vac-uum United States policy created. At least 6,500 ISIS fighters control over 150 miles of the coast. ISIS will not stop in Libya. They are using the Liby-an base as a hub from which to create mayhem across North Africa. To be clear, the United States has no plan when it comes to Libya. Libya is another example of an overall weak and indecisive U.S. foreign policy. Meanwhile, more terror by ISIS and evildoers will continue. And that is just the way it is. f 
ZIKA VIRUS (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RUIZ. Madam Speaker, recently I called for a vote on legislation to ad-dress the threat of the Zika virus, but nothing was done. Now there are more than 1,000 and rising confirmed cases of Zika in the United States and its terri-tories. Pregnant women and their children across the country are now more at risk as the summer months and mos-quito season approach. It is just a mat-ter of time. In fact, on Monday the Coachella Valley Mosquito and Vector Control District confirmed that the Aedes aegypti mosquito, which can carry Zika, was detected in my hometown of Coachella. Madam Speaker, no vote, no funding, means that you are willing to accept that children will be born with microcephaly. Allowing gridlock, hyperpartisanship, and congressional dysfunction to put women and their children at high risk is unacceptable to me and American families. As an emergency physician, I know that emergency funding now will allow physicians and scientists to better pro-tect the health security of women and their children. Madam Speaker, let’s vote on emer-gency funding to combat Zika now be-fore it is too late. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JOCELYN GALT (Mr. ZINKE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition to contributions of Jocelyn Galt, my agricultural expert. Agri-culture is the number one industry in Montana. As Jocelyn goes to Montana, I recog-nize the contributions of her and her family to Montana. You may know that the Galts are pioneers in Montana and their family includes Jeannette Rankin, the first female Member of this body. She was a Member of this body before females were allowed to vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.013 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2293 May 12, 2016 
I wish Jocelyn, as she returns to Montana and to farming and ranching, the very best, fair winds and following seas. Jocelyn Galt, Bravo Zulu. 
f 
CELEBRATING U.S.-ISRAEL RELATIONSHIP (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on Yom Ha’atzmaut, Israeli Independence Day, to celebrate the U.S.-Israel relationship. Sixty-eight years ago, the Israeli Declaration of Independence an-nounced that Israel ‘‘will be based on freedom, justice and peace as envisaged by the prophets of Israel; it will ensure complete equality of social and polit-ical rights to all its inhabitants irre-spective of religion, race or sex; it will guarantee freedom of religion, con-science, language, education and cul-ture.’’ To those who seek to undermine and delegitimize Israel at the U.N., I sug-gest that you ask whether your own countries value complete equality for everyone, irrespective of religion, race, or sex, or whether you even strive for that equality. To those who engage in economic warfare against Israel through boy-cotts, especially on college campuses, I ask why you attack a country that shares our own values of equality and freedom and vibrant debate even as you ignore those countries and regimes that subjugate the rights of their own people, those for whom women’s equal-ity, LGBT rights, religious tolerance, and open political discourse are anath-ema to their leaders and those who en-courage terrorism against innocent Israelis. Mr. Speaker, as President Johnson said: ‘‘America and Israel have a com-mon love of human freedom and they have a common faith in a democratic way of life.’’ I stand proudly here today in deep support of our love of human freedom and unyielding support of our faith in a democratic way of life and in strong support of our great ally Israel on her 68th anniversary. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 68TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE INDEPENDENCE OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the 68th anniversary of the independence of the State of Israel. The United States and Israel have long maintained a strong friendship, and our two countries share much more in common than many realize. We believe in freedom and equality and share many basic rights, such as free elections, a free press, and freedom of religion. We were both founded by people seek-ing relief from tyranny, and we both continue to serve today as symbols of liberty in a world plagued by oppres-sion. Israel is a beacon of democracy in a sea of violence and hostility, and it de-serves our support. A strong Israel is key to stability and security in the Middle East. I will continue to stand with our friend and ally. f 
RAYNER EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS (Mr. BERA asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate an exceptional small business in my community: Rayner Equipment Systems. They have just been awarded the highest honor the United States Government can give to an American exporter. I had the pleasure of meeting Rich and Gordon Rayner and visiting the fa-cility with Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker and Sacramento busi-ness leaders earlier this year. Their hard work and competitiveness really highlight the innovation in America: the small businesses. It is why we have to open a fair playing field across this world. When we have that fair playing field, American com-panies win. I want to highlight Rich and Gordon Rayner and their innovation, their hard work, their tenacity, and their service to our country and our commu-nity. 
f 
OPIOID ABUSE (Mr. TIPTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TIPTON. Madam Speaker, the opioid abuse epidemic has tragically touched every corner of this Nation with over half of all drug overdoses linked to prescription opioids. At least once a day someone in my home State of Colorado loses a friend or family member due to drug abuse. In 2013, Colorado was ranked as hav-ing the second most prevalent epidemic prescription drug abuse in the country. The Colorado Consortium was created that year to form a collaborative group dedicated to finding solutions to opioid addiction and abuse. Efforts like the Colorado Consortium can help supple-ment existing programs in areas where they already operate. However, without raising national awareness of the heroin and opioid epi-demic, these local efforts will continue to struggle to gain the resources they need. There is no silver bullet. It will take multifront, coordinated ap-proaches to aid communities in com-bating the opioid epidemic. Beyond securing our borders and ena-bling law enforcement to do their jobs, expanding opioid abuse prevention and education efforts and treating those af-flicted with addiction are the most im-portant actions that Congress can take. That is the focus of our work in the House on the bipartisan heroin task force. f 
10TH ANNIVERSARY OF CRYSTAL JUDSON FAMILY JUSTICE CENTER (Mr. KILMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Madam Speaker, at times, something important comes out of tragedy. For the past 10 years, the Crystal Judson Family Justice Center in Tacoma has been an example of that. Lane Judson began the center to honor the tragic loss of his daughter to domestic violence. Domestic violence knows no race, no age, no gender, sex-ual orientation, or income status. It af-fects all of us every day right where we live. Our community stepped up to sup-port this center, a place that projects our best values as a community. This is a place that fosters truth and seeks justice for those who deserve it. It is a place of empowerment with caring staff who change the trajectory of lives and of families. Centers like this deserve our contin-ued support, whether it be with our time, our donations, or with our public investments. This matters. I applaud the Judsons for carrying the memory of their daughter with advocacy rather than with anger. As the dad of two daugh-ters, I am grateful for all that the Crystal Judson Family Justice Center does. I thank them for their hard work and 10 impactful years. I am grateful to be their partner. 
f 
HEROIN AND OPIOIDS DAMAGING COMMUNITIES (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Madam Speaker, 78 Americans die every day from an opioid overdose in this country. This trend is not an isolated problem. It is an epidemic that now outpaces deaths from motor vehicle accidents and is found in every geographic region across the country, from small farm towns, like in my district, to New York City. Statistics we have been hearing re-veal a troubling reality. Addiction does not discriminate. It impacts the young, old, poor, rich, male, female, and it ruins the lives of all those involved. The package of bipartisan bills on the floor this week include two impor-tant elements. They ensure Federal dollars are allocated to the most effec-tive programs and methods to reduce drug abuse while also providing doc-tors, law enforcement, and treatment facilities the better tools they need to combat this growing epidemic. These are solutions Americans in all walks of life need right now. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.015 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2294 May 12, 2016 
Just last month, for example, Sac-ramento saw 10 people lose their lives in just 12 days from pills laced with fentanyl, a highly potent opioid, as well as in my own rural district, the continued push of heroin into the area especially as a higher value substitute for cartels as marijuana becomes more and more legal. We can and must do better. I encour-age my colleagues from both sides to continue to act quickly so we can ad-vance these solutions to the Presi-dent’s desk and effectively tackle this crisis. 
f 
b1215 AMERICA’S SMART AND STRONG NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Madam Speaker, May 1 marked the 5-year anniversary of the SEAL Team 6 raid on Osama bin Laden’s compound in Pakistan. As co-chair of the Special Operations Forces Caucus, I commend the targeted approach of our intelligence agencies and our special operators who brought this terrorist to justice. The success of that raid showed our enemies that America will not stop until those who threaten our safety are eliminated. Now we are facing a new and dy-namic threat to our security in the form of ISIS, and last week we were re-minded of the sacrifices of our service-members when Charles Keating IV, a Coronado-based Navy SEAL, was killed on the front lines of this fight. Just as we did 5 years ago, we must act decisively to destroy this threat, to support our men and women in uni-form, and to keep Americans safe by following a smart and strong national security strategy that eliminates ISIS. 
f 
ACHIEVING A PEACEFUL SOLU-TION BETWEEN AZERBAIJAN AND ARMENIA (Mr. PERRY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PERRY. Madam Speaker, many Americans are deeply concerned over the recent surge in hostilities along the front line between Armenia and Azerbaijan. This outbreak of violence has claimed dozens of lives on both sides. As we have seen in eastern Ukraine and Georgia, Russia continues to ex-ploit separatist movements along its periphery to pressure America’s friends and bring them back into its orbit. We must remain steadfast in our support for our friends in Azerbaijan in the face of this Russian meddling. These latest hostilities between Azer-baijan and Armenia, once again, re-mind us of the urgency to find a peace-ful solution to the protracted Nagorno- Karabakh conflict. I urge the adminis-tration to step up its efforts to achieve a peaceful solution and to work with both sides to stabilize the situation. f 
ALPHA KAPPA ALPHA SORORITY, INC., BETA MU OMEGA CHAPTER (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Madam Speaker, I rise to congratulate the outstanding, the il-lustrious, the venerable Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Beta Mu Omega Chap-ter in Fort Worth, Texas, for its 80 years of dedicated service to the com-munity. Founded in 1936 by 13 graduate women, the Beta Mu Omega Chapter has continued the founding organiza-tion’s commitment to scholarship, sis-terhood, and service. Since its incep-tion, Beta Mu Omega has provided nu-merous humanitarian services, volun-teer hours, and financial contributions to the Fort Worth community. The chapter continues to give back to the community by providing Easter baskets for the children at the Poly-technic High School Daycare Center, by bringing cleaning supplies and toiletries to the residents of the Como Community Church of Hope, by pur-chasing books for children in Fort Worth through the Reading is Funda-mental program, and by providing a scholarship opportunity for high school graduates, which has raised over $32,000 since 1976. I ask my colleagues to please join me in congratulating the Beta Mu Omega Chapter of the Alpha Kappa Alpha So-rority for its 80 years of distinguished service to the Fort Worth community. 
f 
VICE PRESIDENT GORE’S PREDICTIONS ARE NOT TRUE (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Madam Speak-er, in 2006, former Vice President Al Gore released his film, ‘‘An Inconven-ient Truth.’’ Now, a decade later, most of Vice President Gore’s predictions, inconveniently, have not become true. For example, he claimed that Mount Kilimanjaro, Africa’s tallest peak, would be snow free within the decade; yet there is still snow on Kilimanjaro year round. Mr. Gore claimed that extreme weather would intensify due to climate change, but even the very liberal Inter-governmental Panel on Climate Change found low confidence that ex-treme weather events would increase in the future. Mr. Gore also, conveniently, ignored the 15-year halt in global warming. A recent peer-reviewed study published in the journal ‘‘Nature’’ confirms this hi-atus. The only truth is that Mr. Gore’s pre-dictions, like those of many climate change extremists, simply have not be-come true. ASIAN PACIFIC AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH (Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. HAHN. Madam Speaker, I am proud to represent vibrant AAPI com-munities in my 44th Congressional Dis-trict, and I salute my 12 Asian Amer-ican and Pacific Islander colleagues here in the House, including six from California. May is Asian Pacific American Herit-age Month, which is a month dedicated to honoring the countless contribu-tions and immeasurable accomplish-ments of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. The legacies of these com-munities are tied to both proud and dark chapters of American history. We remember the Chinese laborers who faced grueling conditions while constructing the Transcontinental Railroad, as well as the cruel irony of patriotic Japanese American troops who fought in World War II while their families back home were kept in U.S. internment camps. For generations, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders have worked to better this country de-spite often facing discrimination and hardship. As educators, activists, artists, small business owners, servicemen and -women, and elected officials, Asian American and Pacific Islanders have added so much to this Nation. They are a reminder that diversity continues to be America’s greatest strength. It is why I will continue to fight to fix our broken immigration system, to expand opportunities for people of all back-grounds, and to combat discrimination wherever it occurs. f 
TROY HISTORICAL SOCIETY’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. TROTT asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. TROTT. Madam Speaker, I rise to recognize the achievements of the historical society in Troy, Michigan. The society is celebrating its 50th anni-versary this year. Since 1966, this group of volunteers has been a valuable resource in our community. Their work has created the Troy Historic Village, a cultural destination which allows visitors to ex-plore Michigan’s history and learn about the story of the city of Troy. History is a treasure that must be preserved and used for education. We need to understand our past in order to build a better future. Over the past 50 years, historical society members have led efforts to preserve 10 historic build-ings at the village, and they have pro-vided educational programs for 12,000 students annually. Madam Speaker, on behalf of the peo-ple of southeast Michigan, I congratu-late the Troy Historical Society on its 50th anniversary. I am confident that in the years to come, the dedicated vol-unteers at the society will continue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.016 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2295 May 12, 2016 
contributing to our community and continue connecting people with Troy’s rich historical heritage. 
f 
HIGHER EDUCATION REFORM (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. Madam Speaker, I believe ev-eryone in this Chamber will agree with me that when we invest in our students and in our schools, we invest in the fu-ture success of this Nation. Yet, as I hear from so many of my students back home, the rising costs make affording college harder and harder for them and their families. On average, the class of 2016 will graduate with about $37,000 in student debt, up about 6 percent from last year. The number of students graduating from college with debt is about 70 percent of them. For this reason, comprehensive high-er education reform should be at the forefront of our legislative agenda here in Congress. Programs such as the Pell grant and the Perkins Loan Program should be increased so that we can in-crease the availability of the American Dream. Next week I plan to reintroduce the Middle Class CHANCE Act, which will aid our students in affording college by increasing the strength of the Pell Grant. It is time for this Congress to address the increasing costs of college and make college more affordable for fu-ture generations and working families. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF HANK LEVY (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I rise to recognize the life of Mr. Henry ‘‘Hank’’ Levy and all of his accomplishments in improving the Sa-vannah community. Born in 1927, in Savannah, to Morton and Sadie Kaufman, Mr. Levy began drawing on boards in his father’s archi-tectural firm at the age of 14. This early interest in architecture, along with the guidance of his father, led Mr. Levy to attend Georgia Tech, and then architectural school in France. After graduation, Mr. Levy made numerous, significant improvements to the Sa-vannah community. He led the effort to build the Harry S. Truman Parkway, a project that is now a major thoroughfare for Savannahians. Furthermore, he was awarded the project to build the ocean-ography center for Savannah, now called the Skidaway Institute of Oceanography. His other projects in-clude designs for the Savannah Airport Terminal, Levy’s department store, the Great Southern Federal Bank building, and more than two dozen churches. Mr. Levy not only built structures for the Savannah area, but he had a generous heart and would help anyone in need. Once, he paid for the cap and gown of a student who couldn’t afford it when he graduated from Savannah State University. Mr. Levy died on Monday, May 2, 2016, at the age of 89. His heartfelt de-votion and energetic spirit will truly be missed. f 
HONORING MARION FLETCHER AND TROY BUCK (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise in honor of two legends in the National FFA program. Marion Fletcher and Troy Buck have been leaders in the Future Farmers of America for more than 50 years each. Mr. Fletcher and Mr. Buck have taught students the values of hard work, morals, and leadership. The love these men hold for agriculture edu-cation is evident in the numerous awards and recognition that have been bestowed upon them. They have lived lives of service and dedication to Ar-kansas, to agriculture, and, most im-portantly, to the youth of our great State, modeling to us the FFA motto of ‘‘learning to do, doing to learn, earn-ing to live, and living to serve.’’ While I congratulate them on their impending retirements, I can’t help but feel a loss for future generations of stu-dents who will miss out on the oppor-tunity to learn from two men who im-pacted my life and the lives of count-less others. Thank you, Mr. Buck and Mr. Fletch-er, for your wisdom and mentorship. 
f 
CONGRATULATING FRED FESENMYER ON YELLOW DOG AWARD (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I rise to recognize Fred Fesenmyer of Bradford, McKean County. Mr. Fesenmyer will be recognized next month with the Penn-Brad Oil Museum’s Yellow Dog Award, which is intended to recognize the leadership and dedication of those who have helped preserve the history of the Bradford Oil Field and its unique cul-ture. The Bradford Oil Field is an essential part of Pennsylvania’s history since it was there that oil was first discovered in 1859, when Colonel Edwin Drake drilled the world’s first commercial oil well. Even today, Bradford is home to the Nation’s oldest continuously oper-ating oil refinery. Fred’s contributions are vital to the region as the CEO of the world’s oldest family-owned and -operated inde-pendent oil firm, the Minard Run Oil Company, which was founded by his great-grandfather, Lewis Emery, Jr. In addition to his activities in busi-ness, Fred is an active member of the Penn-Brad Oil Museum and serves on multiple boards that are dedicated to the community, including the Bradford Airport Authority, the Pennsylvania Oil and Gas Association, and the Drake Well Foundation. I congratulate Mr. Fesenmyer on this achievement, and I wish him continued success in serving his community in the years ahead. f 
b1230 NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Madam Speaker, as we recognize National Police Week, I rise today for a somber occasion. I rise to honor the life and memory of Detective Brad Lancaster of the Kansas City, Kansas, Police Department who was tragically killed in the line of duty earlier this week. As a veteran of the United States Air Force and a 20-year veteran of local po-lice departments in the Kansas City metro area, he spent his career as a public servant, putting himself in harm’s way in order to keep our com-munities safer. Two days ago, he was shot and killed while assisting patrol officers respond-ing to a suspicious person call. He was only 39 years old. Our thoughts and prayers go out to his loved ones left behind after this tragic event: his wife, his mother, and his two daughters, who are just ages 9 and 10. Mr. Speaker, as the Kansas City com-munity and Detective Lancaster’s fam-ily begin to heal, let us never forget the selflessness and bravery of police officers across our country who work tirelessly each and every day to en-force our laws, protect our commu-nities, and save lives. 
f 
THE FACES OF OPIOID ABUSE DEMAND A SOLUTION (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Madam Speaker, in 2014, our community leaders, families, and victims alike came together to fight the growing epidemic of heroin and opioid abuse in northern Illinois. Together we launched a district-wide action plan. Today we can celebrate many successes as its recommenda-tions have been implemented. This year DuPage County celebrated 100 lives saved by first responders using Narcan. Lake County officers counted 65 rescues, and there are many more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.018 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2296 May 12, 2016 
throughout the Chicago suburbs. Trag-ically, relapses and overdoses still claim lives. I have met families and parents who know this too well. Tim Ryan grew up in my district in Crystal Lake and overcame his own heroin habit only to see his own 20-year-old son die of an overdose. Today, this afternoon, tonight, young people are still using heroin. Prescrip-tion drugs are still being abused in our communities. Our fight is far from over. We must continue to work through meaningful community and State partnerships. Connecting affected individuals and organizations with each other is para-mount to our future success. The faces and the stories of heroin are real. They demand and deserve hope and solu-tions. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO YEMEN—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–134) The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be print-ed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012, with respect to Yemen is to continue in effect be-yond May 16, 2016. The actions and policies of certain members of the Government of Yemen and others continue to threaten Yem-en’s peace, security, and stability, in-cluding by obstructing the implemen-tation of the agreement of November 23, 2011, between the Government of Yemen and those in opposition to it, which provided for a peaceful transi-tion of power that meets the legitimate demands and aspirations of the Yemeni people for change, and by obstructing the political process in Yemen. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13611 with respect to Yemen. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , May 12, 2016. COMPREHENSIVE OPIOID ABUSE REDUCTION ACT OF 2016 GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5046, about to be considered by the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 720 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 5046. The Chair appoints the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) to pre-side over the Committee of the Whole. b1234 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5046) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the Attorney General to make grants to assist State and local governments in addressing the national epidemic of opioid abuse, and for other purposes, with Ms. F
OXXin the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will con-trol 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Today the United States is in the throes of an epidemic of prescription opioid and heroin abuse. Every Member of this body has heard a tragic story about a constituent who has become addicted to opioids, and, tragically, many have lost their lives to the addic-tion. The statistics are shocking. In 2014, 47,055 Americans died from a drug over-dose. Of those deaths, 18,893 were at-tributable to prescription pain reliev-ers and 10,574 were related to heroin. The number of opioids prescribed near-ly tripled from 1991 to 2013. Though the United States has 5 per-cent of the world’s population, Ameri-cans consume 80 percent of the global opioid supply. More than half of chron-ic prescription drug abusers obtain those pills from prescriptions written for them or for friends or family mem-bers. In 2014, nearly half a million teen-agers used prescription painkillers for nonmedical purposes. My home State of Virginia is not im-mune to the ravages of opioid addic-tion. In 1999, approximately 23 people died from abuse of fentanyl, hydrocodone, methadone, and oxycodone, the leading prescription opioids abused. By 2013, that number jumped to 386 prescription opioid deaths, a staggering increase of 1,578 percent. In 2013 alone, deaths attributed to fentanyl use increased by more than 100 percent. Data also shows a sharp rise in heroin deaths in Virginia. In 2010, 49 deaths were attributed to her-oin use. By 2013, just 3 years later, that figure had risen to 213, an increase of 334 percent. The number of drug over-dose deaths in Virginia surpassed the number of traffic fatalities for the first time in 2014. This is a problem that affects Ameri-cans in all regions of the country, across all socioeconomic levels, and one that Congress will address with passage of H.R. 5046, the Comprehen-sive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act of 2016, and other opioid legislation ap-proved by the House this week. H.R. 5046, sponsored by Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Inves-tigations Subcommittee Chairman JIM S
ENSENBRENNER , provides resources to States, localities, Indian tribes, and others to help fight the historic prob-lem of opioid abuse. I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of this bill. H.R. 5046 is an important, reasonable piece of legislation that will do a great deal to combat the opioid epidemic. It creates a comprehensive opioid abuse reduction program at the Department of Justice, which will direct Federal re-sources for drug abuse programs tar-geted at the opioid problem within our criminal justice system. By styling this as a competitive grant program for opioids, this bill will give States and localities maximum flexibility to at-tack opioid abuse issues unique to their communities. States will be able to use the grant funds for a variety of important crimi-nal justice programs, including alter-natives to incarceration, treatment programs for incarcerated individuals, juvenile opioid abuse, investigation and enforcement of drug trafficking and distribution laws, and significant training for first responders in car-rying and administering opioid over-dose reversal drugs like naloxone. States will also be allowed to enlist nonprofit organizations, including faith-based organizations, in the fight against opioid abuse. The bill author-izes this new program at $103 million annually over 5 years. Importantly, the comprehensive grant program created by H.R. 5046 is fully offset in accordance with the House CutGo protocol. This means that Congress has successfully directed funds to address the opioid epidemic by taking advantage of existing funding streams to Department of Justice grant programs. The result is no net increase in spending authorizations and no additional burden on the Amer-ican taxpayer, which is a responsible, good government approach to this epi-demic. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.020 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2297 May 12, 2016 
H.R. 5046 is thoughtful, historic legis-lation that, once enacted, will help ful-fill Congress’ duty to protect the American people. I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Chairwoman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I am pleased to rise in support of H.R. 5046, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act. H.R. 5046 is an important com-plement to a wide range of legislation being considered in the House this week that is aimed at combating the devastating impact of drug abuse and addiction that is afflicting commu-nities across our Nation. We are, in fact, in the midst of a major public health crisis caused by prescription and opioid abuse. It is a crisis that affects Americans of all ages, races, and income levels in our cities, suburbs, and rural areas across the United States. Drug overdoses are now the leading cause of death in our Nation. In my State of Michigan, for example, there were 1,745 drug overdose deaths in 2014, and more than half of these overdose deaths were attributed to opioids and heroin. In fact, 78 Americans die from an opioid overdose every single day. I am very familiar with the devastation heroin can exact over people and their communities. Heroin took a deadly toll on Detroit in the 1970s and is now threatening to take hold of a new generation of ad-dicts. Armed with lessons learned from that era and the crack epidemic of the 1980s, we are wiser and more capable. This time we can and must do more to respond to this crisis. Fortunately, a number of States have undertaken various innovative meas-ures to better respond to the rapid in-crease of individuals addicted to pre-scription opioids and heroin and to pre-vent individuals from dying as a result of drug overdose. For instance, the Judiciary Commit-tee’s Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity, and Investigations Sub-committee held a hearing last year that examined, among other things, the promising use of the law enforce-ment-assisted diversion approach em-ployed in cities such as Seattle and Santa Fe. We have learned that there are suc-cessful ways to get addicts to treat-ment and to quickly provide them with needed services that address their ad-diction and prevent recidivism. We know that evidence-based treatment and treatment alternatives to incarcer-ation work. The Comprehensive Opioid Addiction Recovery Act, as authorized by H.R. 5046, would establish a competitive grant program to provide funds to State and local governments to con-tinue and improve their efforts to pro-tect Americans from the dangers of opioid and heroin abuse and to make sure that addicts have access to the services that are provided. Funds from the new grant program could be used for the following pur-poses: treatment alternatives to incar-ceration, collaboration between State criminal justice agencies and State substance abuse systems, for first re-sponders to purchase and be trained in the use of naloxone, medication-as-sisted treatment programs by criminal justice agencies, investigating the legal distribution of opioids, prescrip-tion drug monitoring programs, ad-dressing juvenile opioid abuse, and for comprehensive opioid abuse response programs. b1245 Our communities need our assistance in meeting the threat of opioid abuse, and this bill before us will fund innova-tive approaches to the problem such as the LEAD program developed in Se-attle that I mentioned earlier. H.R. 5046 would go a long way toward providing that critical help, and so, ac-cordingly, I support this bill. I urge all my colleagues to give it their support as well. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations of the Committee on the Judiciary, and the chief author of this legislation. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 5046, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Re-duction Act. The misuse of and addiction to opioids, such as heroin, morphine, and other prescription pain medications, has had a devastating hold on this country. It affects every State and every district. Prescription painkillers and heroin are the primary driving forces behind this epidemic. According to the Federal Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention, in 2014, 45 percent of the people who used heroin reported that they were also addicted to pre-scription painkillers. Additionally, drug overdoses now surpass automobile accidents as the leading cause of injury-related death for Americans between the ages of 25 and 64. Nearly a half million Americans lost their lives to drug overdoses in 2015. More than 800 of those deaths oc-curred in my home State of Wisconsin, double the number of deaths from overdoses in 2004, just 11 years earlier. Yet, despite these staggering numbers, the crisis is getting worse. Drug over-dose deaths have increased 137 percent since 2010, with opioid-related overdose deaths increasing by 200 percent. The moment to reverse our current course and make a genuine and lasting impact in the fight against addiction is here. All over the country, people are calling on Congress to find solutions. In townhall meetings, on the campaign trail, and through social media, law-makers are hearing heartbreaking sto-ries from families and friends of ad-dicted individuals and leaders of im-pacted communities. There is no single solution to this epidemic. The most effective way to approach addiction is to pursue a com-prehensive response, which must in-clude a strict focus on prevention, law enforcement strategies to stop drug dealers and traffickers, a plan to ad-dress overdosing, and a plan to strengthen opioid abuse treatment and recovery options for those struggling with their addiction. The Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Re-duction Act is an important piece of this puzzle. While State and local offi-cials and community organizations must be at the forefront of confronting this challenge, the Federal Govern-ment should help support these efforts. My legislation authorizes the Attorney General to make grants available to States and localities for a number of services related to opioid and heroin abuse. The grant program contains eight al-lowable uses of the grant funds, which are broadly construed to give States flexibility in responding to the epi-demic within their borders, meaning not a one-size-fits-all program. These include alternatives to the incarcer-ation programs; collaboration between criminal justice agencies and sub-stance abuse systems; training for first responders in carrying and admin-istering opioid overdose reversal drugs, including naloxone; and prescription drug monitoring programs. It is imperative that we pursue ag-gressive measures to stint opioids’ dan-gerous progression, for a stronger, more prosperous America. The Com-prehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act is a commonsense and bipartisan ap-proach that addresses the issue head-on and will make a positive impact on our fight against addiction. H.R. 5046 is fully offset and contains strong ac-countability provisions to ensure fund-ing is spent wisely. I want to thank Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE and my colleagues in the Senate for their tremendous work while ad-dressing the opioid epidemic. I am opti-mistic that, with passage of this bill and the additional opioid measures the House of Representatives is considering this week, we can go quickly to con-ference and send meaningful legisla-tion to the President for his signature. I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 5046. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Chairwoman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Secu-rity, and Investigations of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, who has done tremendous work on this subject. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I thank the distinguished ranking mem-ber and the dean of this institution for yielding and for his leadership; but it is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.021 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2298 May 12, 2016 
even more powerful that the leadership joins with our distinguished chairman of the full committee, Mr. G
OODLATTE , because this is the beginning of our ef-fort of criminal justice reform that certainly has been one of the guiding focuses of the chairman of the Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Home-land Security, and Investigations, Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , who has, likewise, been a former chair of the full com-mittee but has steadily worked on thoughtful legislation dealing with the overall issue of criminal justice re-form. I am delighted to be a partner in this legislation and to be a cosponsor and to work on this whole concept of dealing with opioids but, as well, to deal with the question of criminal justice reform with a whole new attitude. I might say that I heard words from Leader P
ELOSI yesterday evening as she received the Hubert H. Humphrey Civil and Human Rights Award. She indi-cated that there are three major issues that we should be governed by in this Congress: number one, children; num-ber two, children; and number three, children. One might ask: Why are we dis-cussing children? I thought we were discussing the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act of 2016, and that we are. I am very pleased that it is a very forthright and thoughtful ap-proach to this issue. I support it. But it is a compilation, if you will, of many thoughts about how we should deal with the question of mass incarcer-ation. What does mass incarceration deal with? It deals with human beings. It deals with men and women. It deals with families. It deals with mothers who have children. Previously, if you were on any manner of drugs or you possessed drugs, you were nonviolent, you were incarcerated. If you were on crack or cocaine, you were incarcer-ated. I commend the chairman of the Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Home-land Security, and Investigations, Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , for his work, as I said, and Chairman G
OODLATTE and Ranking Member C
ONYERS because we now have, from the Committee on the Judiciary, a legislative initiative that does not have mandatory minimums. In fact, it deals with a passionate and compas-sionate approach, and it deals with the issue of addiction and recovery, the bill that I was a sponsor of earlier, a prede-cessor to this one, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. I would be happy to see the com-mittee pass that bill, but I am pleased that we have been able to work to-gether to produce an alternative bill that will help address issues related to opioid abuse—again, I emphasize, no mandatory minimums, but a way of ad-dressing this question, Madam Chair, that I think will be long term. I look forward to continued collabo-ration with my colleagues to find addi-tional solutions to the drug crisis America now faces. We must take ac-tion because today a leading killer of Americans is drug overdose. Between 2000 and 2014, almost a half million peo-ple died from drug overdoses. Many of these deaths were preventable. In 2014 alone, more than 47,000 people died of drug overdoses. The largest percentage of overdose deaths in 2014 was attrib-utable to opioids like prescription painkillers, methadone, morphine, and heroin. Therein lies the origin of this massive impact, including our juve-niles, who find them in many different ways. Specifically, 28,647 people overdosed and died because of an opioid in 2014. We are experiencing an emergency that impacts citizens in every State, city, and town in this country—that is, prescription painkiller and opioid abuse. This emergency is compounded due to the perilous connection between prescription painkillers and heroin. I get it. We understand that physicians who did take their oath very seriously wanted to provide the medical care, the legitimate medical care when there was a massive response to pain from all of their patients and others. Prescription painkiller abuse is the strongest risk factor for future heroin use, but it came about maybe not through the prescription and the ini-tial prescription, but from lack of in-formation that patients should have about the impact of opioids: what it does to the brain, what it does when you do not have it, how you become ad-dicted. So out of this, approximately three out of four new heroin users re-port that their use began with their abuse of prescription painkillers ini-tially given to them legitimately for medical reasons. Heroin use becomes appealing to those addicted to prescription pain-killers because it is cheaper and easier to obtain. Due to its potency, heroin use tends to lead to addiction. The same kind of lack of information maybe led to a young woman, in my district, on hydrocodone with two lit-tle babies in the car driving and side-swiping two cars and killing an inno-cent person on a motorcycle. The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Chair, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 2 min-utes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Or the mother who gave hydrocodone and alcohol as a prom gift to her son and his date. That date wound up dead at the end of that prom. The rate at which the occurrence of heroin overdose deaths increased is cause for alarm. In the 4 years between 2010 and 2014, heroin overdoses more than tripled. This legislation encourages the de-velopment of alternatives to incarcer-ation that provide treatment as a solu-tion to the underlying motivation for criminal behavior or conduct associ-ated with mental disorders. We must make our best efforts. It puts police in a position to be trained to use those drugs that will help when they come upon an unconscious person, like naloxone. It allows the criminal justice system to talk to the substance abuse system. In essence, it increases the use and availability of those drugs. Addic-tion is a disease; we recognize that. Finally, if I might say, I started with children, children, children. Just today, Dr. Phil is here discussing the foster care system. He said that most children are taken away because of ne-glect, and that neglect is based upon the use of drugs. That is a wrong direc-tion. The direction should be that we keep families together, we invest, and we provide the training to provide them parental skills and, if they are addicted, to get them off of those ad-dictive ways to be able to keep families together. Today I will introduce a bill that pro-vides for nurseries in the Federal pris-on system for women in short-term nonviolent offenses, mostly drug of-fenses, to reinforce the value of moth-ers and children being together. This bill, even though it may not point to that, is an overall change of attitude that looks to America and says: We want you not to be addicted. We don’t want you to be on prescription drugs and lead you to addiction after your illness is over. We want you to be cared for medically, but we don’t want you to become addicted. In order to do that, we are not going to criminalize you. We are going to give you treatment and allow the criminal justice system— police, prosecutors, and others—to have an alternative to ensure that that can be done. I am very pleased that we are on the floor today. I know that we will have an omnibus tomorrow. I hope that you will support the underlying bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Chairman, it is now my pleasure to yield 21⁄2min-utes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ), the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam Chair, I thank the chairman and con-gratulate him on a great bill. When the abuse of prescription medi-cations silently took hold of rural towns in Appalachia over a decade ago, we knew we had to do something to curb the rising tide of addiction and overdose deaths. b1300 We gathered individuals from all dis-ciplines and backgrounds—teachers, preachers, parents, judges, cops, doc-tors, pharmacists, community leaders, and others—to brainstorm as to what we could do to address the staggering problem. We quickly realized there was no sil-ver bullet that could easily solve the crisis, but we responded by creating a holistic, multidisciplinary organiza-tion called Operation UNITE: Unlawful Narcotics Investigations Treatment and Education. Since 2003, UNITE’s law enforcement agents have confiscated more than $12 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.022 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2299 May 12, 2016 
million worth of these drugs and ar-rested over 4,300 bad actors. But we also established 30 drug courts so that the nonviolent offenders could get their lives back on track. UNITE established a toll-free treat-ment referral helpline, receiving 1,200 calls a month. We have provided 4,000 free vouchers to individuals who other-wise would be unable to access treat-ment for their addiction. UNITE also works hard to engage our young people through community coa-litions of thousands of people as well as UNITE clubs in our schools. Over 100,000 students have taken part in antidrug education activities to warn about the dangers of prescription drugs. Today it is difficult to imagine a sin-gle town in the country that has eluded the devastating grasp of opioid addic-tion. So UNITE took its model to the national stage. Over the past 5 years, the National Prescription Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit in Atlanta has brought to-gether thousands of our country’s brightest, most dedicated minds. At the Federal level, we should be replicating UNITE’s holistic, multipronged approach. I am, there-fore, proud to support this bill, which will enable communities around the country to unite to implement similar strategies, incorporating law enforce-ment, treatment, and education. There is no silver bullet, Mr. Chair-man, to bring an end to addiction, but together we can certainly save lives and restore hope in every community. I think this bill allows that to occur. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
YAN), who is very concerned about this issue. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER for all their good work on this. This is really one of the great days, great weeks, I think, on this House floor because of what we are doing here to address the heroin and opioid crisis in America. It is sad to watch someone from Vir-ginia and someone from Wisconsin and someone from Michigan and someone from Ohio and someone from Texas all get up and really kind of embody and express how deep this problem is in our country today. I know we have all been to calling hours and we have all been to funerals and seen up close and per-sonal how devastating this epidemic is here in the United States. Like many of my colleagues, unfortu-nately, Ohio has now seen accidental deaths by overdose surpass even car ac-cidents. So we all need to come to-gether, Democrats and Republicans, to try to solve this problem. I think this week is a major step in that direction. I am supporting the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act and many other bills that are coming to this floor this week. In Trumbull County alone, one of my biggest counties, a few months back we had 22 overdoses and, of that, 7 deaths in that one county. This is pervasive in Cuyahoga County, which is Cleveland. We have almost one death a day that we are dealing with in Ohio. So the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act program creates at the Department of Justice a real oppor-tunity for us to fix this program. It fo-cuses on how we can tackle substance abuse through preventative programs, expansion of the prescription drug pro-grams, and resources for veteran treat-ment court programs. That is one of the key elements of this: how we are going to make sure our veterans can get diverted through veterans courts. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. DONOVAN ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. In Ohio alone, we have seen first responders use naloxone. In 2013, over 12,000 doses were administered. This is a huge problem. We have seen the men and women and we have seen the families that have been destroyed because of this. I hope that, as we get the Senate bill out of conference, we make sure that it is comprehensive, that it is addiction, treatment, and recovery, and, as we move through the budget process, through the appropriations process, we make sure that there is the appropriate revenue, the appropriate amount of money, going to these programs that will ultimately hit the ground and help us get our arms around this program. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
IMIWALTERS ), a member of the Judiciary Committee. Ms. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Chairman, across the United States we are faced with a substance abuse epidemic that results in overdoses, addiction, and, for too many, death. From opioids to heroin, no community—not even Orange Coun-ty, the place I have called home for 50 years—is immune. Statistics show that nearly 130 peo-ple die every single day from drug abuse. Though this is a nationwide epi-demic, there is not a one-size-fits-all cure to addiction. That is why the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduc-tion Act is so important. This bill will create a grant program to help State and local governments combat opioid addiction in their com-munities and give them flexibility to dedicate resources to the needs of their specific community, whether that means prescription drug monitoring programs, overdose treatment training for first responders, or rehabilitation programs. This legislation passed the Judiciary Committee with unanimous support. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting this bill because its passage will save lives and help Americans suf-fering from addiction reclaim their lives. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ). Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this critical legislation to address the nationwide opioid epidemic which has affected south Florida, where I am from, as it has communities from Cali-fornia to New Hampshire. Today I want to tell you about a re-lated crisis that is obstructing the re-covery of addicts and damaging the character of south Florida neighbor-hoods, and neighborhoods across the Nation. I am talking about the over-proliferation in residential areas of group homes for recovering addicts called sober homes. In theory, it is a very good thing, a way to reintegrate addicts back into the community. It is activity protected by two historic laws that prohibit dis-crimination in housing against persons with disabilities. But this civil rights protection is being abused by two many unscrupu-lous actors who are luring young adults away from their families and placing them in group homes that have no standards and then leaving them to their own devices until their insurance runs out. The result is an overdosing nightmare as well as an increase in homelessness, code enforcement viola-tions, and crime. Making matters worse, cities and towns feel regulation and consumer protection would be in violation of Federal law. As a consequence, we are seeing thousands of sober homes in south Florida disrupting services and the health and safety of neighborhoods and leaving young people who are try-ing to repair their lives spiraling back into hopelessness. Mr. Chair, I urge this Congress and the President to work with folks in my area and around the country to find the proper balance between protecting the rights of addicts and getting them re-covered and keeping the integrity and character of our neighborhoods. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 5046. I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin for his work to combat the Nation’s opioid epidemic. This legislation is important to the whole country and will especially have positive impacts in Arkansas by free-ing up new grants for funds for drug courts. Drug courts have a positive im-pact on people’s lives and are integral to countering our Nation’s opioid epi-demic. Drug courts in Arkansas have a strong record of success. Last week I visited with Judge Berlin Jones in Pine Bluff, Arkansas. His Jefferson County drug court has a recidivism rate of only 4.9 percent. Drug courts have also saved billions of taxpayer dollars, on average, be-cause it costs $14 a day to send a person to a drug court whereas incarceration costs $58 per day in my State of Arkan-sas. Taxpayers also save money be-cause these individuals can return to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.026 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2300 May 12, 2016 
the workforce and provide for their families. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 5046 to counter this epi-demic ruining our families and commu-nities. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. G
UINTA ). Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I am proud to rise in support of H.R. 5046, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Re-duction Act, which will provide more effective cooperation between our law enforcement and treatment agencies, grow our treatment capabilities, and strengthen programs for training and veterans. This bill is an important step in combating the growing costs of the terrible opioid epidemic. Just last year, in my home State of New Hampshire, deadly overdoses fol-lowing the abuse of heroin killed over 430 people. That staggering figure marks the rising toll of this epidemic. I commend my colleagues for offering this legislation as part of the response to the epidemic and as part of a wider plan moving through the House this week. This bill aims to bring sorely needed resources to different groups and agen-cies working to help families and indi-viduals in need, sometimes in des-perate need. For too long, too many of those help-ing our sons and daughters and our vet-erans have been underfunded in their efforts. This week we have heard and shared stories of people suffering from this epidemic all over the country. These stories help us draft and pass ef-fective response to the needs of our communities. We know that no one bill or amend-ment on its own is equal to the massive scale of this epidemic, but together they can begin to address some of its worst effects and harshest con-sequences. We need to incorporate the best practices that have emerged across disciplines and different agen-cies, and we need to ensure cooperation between actors on the ground. As part of the House response to the Senate-passed Comprehensive Addic-tion and Recovery Act, this bill rep-resents our commitment to restoring hope in shattered communities. I have been a proud sponsor of many of the bills coming forward this week, and I am pleased that so many have passed and many more are expected to pass today. We provide a cohesive, unified, and far-reaching legislative package to meet the enormity of this epidemic, and I believe we have begun to move in that direction. I thank my colleagues for their dedication and tireless work to support this effort. I particularly want to commend Chairman G
OODLATTE on his leadership and his efforts as we continue to help and provide hope for people not just in New Hampshire, but all across the country. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 5046, the Comprehensive Opioid Reduction Act of 2016, because we need to ensure that every State has the tools they need to fight the opioid abuse epidemic. H.R. 5046 establishes a comprehensive opioid abuse grant program to provide training to first responders, criminal investigation for the distribution of opioids, resident treatment centers, and drug courts. Approximately 47,000 Americans died from drug overdoses in 2014, and ap-proximately 21.5 million people ages 12 and older suffer from substance abuse. As a lifelong pharmacist, I have seen firsthand the struggles that these peo-ple face. H.R. 5046 seeks to fight the opioid epidemic through a grant program that would provide States with the re-sources to provide programs to help Americans fight this disease. It would help improve prescription drug monitoring programs, help ad-dress juvenile opioid abuse, give first responders the training to reverse opioid overdoses, and improve access for veterans in treatment court. The only way we are going to be able to fight this battle is if we work to-gether as a team to educate and help victims of the opioid abuse. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. b1315 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, at this time, it is my pleasure to yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, like many States across the country, heroin and opioid addiction is shattering peo-ple’s lives in my State of Michigan as well. To the families that are suffering, we are here to offer solutions, to provide hope, and help them recover and get back on their feet. There are many community-based programs and groups in my district working on the front lines to raise awareness and combat this public health crisis; groups like the Monroe County Substance Abuse Coalition, the Eaton County Substance Abuse Advi-sory Council, Andy’s Angels in Jack-son, and many more. In Lenawee County, my home coun-ty, community stakeholders recently came together to hold an addiction summit, and a recovering addict from Monroe County recently organized a march to show there is hope after her-oin. Their work on the local level is ab-solutely critical. Here at the Federal level, we must work side-by-side with our State and local partners to stop the damaging trends of addiction in its tracks. The bipartisan legislation we are considering today establishes a com-prehensive opioid abuse reduction pro-gram, and gives State and localities the flexibility to tailor prevention and treatment efforts to the specific needs of their communities. I want to thank my colleague, Rep-resentative SENSENBRENNER , for his leadership on the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act, and I en-courage its passage so we can help re-build and save lives in our commu-nities. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, at this time, it is my pleasure to yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. M
EEHAN ). Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentlemen from Virginia and from Wisconsin for their great work on this important issue. I rise in strong support of the Com-prehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act for many reasons, but one in par-ticular, for the support that it now gives to Veterans Treatment Courts. As a former prosecutor, I saw first-hand the effectiveness of this. But we are also seeing amongst those who are struggling with opioid addiction a unique cohort being veterans. Many of them are returning—in fact, 67 percent of our returning vets face mental health challenges, and too many of them are choosing to self-medicate, or are dealing with injuries that they have acquired, through opioids. It has led to not only addiction, but other kinds of behaviors. When we are able to bring them into the court system under the guidance, it creates not only the oversight of the system but, as well, the promotion of this peer-to-peer in which other vet-erans enable them to work together to get back not only their dignity and their lives, but they take advantage of the kinds of resources that we have within the veterans system to deal with the underlying addiction and other kinds of issues. This is a tremendous additional ef-fort to authorize a program which we have been able to support here in Con-gress and create permanence for it. I believe this is another important op-portunity for us not to leave our in-jured back on the battlefield. I thank the gentlemen for their sup-port. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, at this time, it is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD). Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this measure. As a former State and Federal pros-ecutor who has been in charge of pros-ecuting narcotics cases, I have seen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.027 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2301 May 12, 2016 
firsthand the devastating effect that opioid and heroin addiction has had. This nationwide opioid and heroin epi-demic stretches home into my district in central and west central Illinois. Seventy-eight people die from heroin or opioid overdoses each day. That has quadrupled since 1999. Now it is the leading cause of death, far surpassing deaths by motor vehicle accidents. Just last week I hosted a series of roundtable forums across my district to personally hear from law enforce-ment officers, medical professionals, treatment providers, local government officials, and those who have lost loved ones due to overdose. They shared with me the reality of the situation back home. Law enforce-ment has had to double its on-hand stock of Narcan, and expand training for police officers when it comes to these overdoses. Heroin is now the primary abused substance in drug court programs like the one in Springfield, Illinois, but those programs are at capacity. Treat-ment centers have waitlists over 40 days. The consensus is clear. This is a pub-lic health crisis. To end it, we need to do a number of things. Update medical best practices for coping with pain. We need to expand access to addiction spe-cialists and treatment centers. We need to give law enforcement the tools they need, and we must continue to promote programs like drug courts. Because this problem is complex, it must be addressed from all angles, and that is precisely what we are doing in the House this week. This bill will address this epidemic, and the concerns I heard last week. It would establish a comprehensive opioid abuse reduction program at the De-partment of Justice, target Federal re-sources directly at the opioid problem, give States flexibility, and create a streamlined comprehensive opioid abuse grant program. Without raising taxes, this measure authorizes $103 million each year for a variety of programs, including residen-tial substance abuse treatment, drug courts, training for law enforcement and first responders. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, it is my pleasure to yield an additional 1 minute to Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Chairman, this funding includes treatment for law en-forcement and first responders, and criminal investigations for the unlaw-ful distribution of these opioids. Opioid addiction transcends socio-economic boundaries, racial, gender, regional, and educational boundaries. We need to address this crisis now. I thank my colleague, Mr. S
ENSEN -
BRENNER , and Chairman G OODLATTE , for bringing this legislation forth. This is a problem that is preventable, and we are doing something about it this week in the Congress. I am proud to support this legisla-tion. I look forward to supporting it. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased now to yield as much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, it has been refreshing and important to listen to the many Members from all over the country discussing this impor-tant initiative and, more proudly, it is from the Judiciary Committee, which is the holder of the laws and the Con-stitution of this land. We are here indi-cating an admittance and a recognition that addiction, and opioids, and all kinds of addictions are not necessarily a crime, and that we do not come to this floor, in this bill, with mandatory minimums. So I want to follow up on some state-ments that I made on the floor yester-day and also in the Rules Committee concerning the contrast in the way we are dealing with the opioid crisis and the way we addressed crack cocaine in the 1980s. Many of those individuals from neighborhoods like mine, many of them still are incarcerated. And at that time, we—I was not here—Con-gress took action that we are still try-ing to rectify. At one point, more than 80 percent of the defendants sentenced for crack co-caine offenses were African Americans, despite the fact that more than 66 per-cent of crack users were either White or Hispanic. As we work on other legislation to address the enforcement and sen-tencing disparities related to crack issues, we must reexamine our ap-proach to that and other drug issues. I think we are on the right track. I think we are being fair. This week, the House has been en-gaged in a comprehensive approach to addressing a serious public health cri-sis involving heroin and other opioids. In my earlier statement, I com-plimented my chairman of the full committee and my chairman of the subcommittee because we are working together. Overdoses and deaths involving her-oin are on the rise. While law enforce-ment has an appropriate role, the bills, including H.R. 5046 before us now, re-flect a broader strategy that reflects the fact that this is an addiction issue. I know that Mr. C
ONYERS and many others who are on this floor, Mr. D
AVIS, we come from inner-city communities, and we have watched the young people of our community die and lose their fu-ture life through crack cocaine. Accordingly, we are not raising sen-tences or impacting mandatory mini-mums, but we are funding anti-addic-tion mechanisms such as treatment al-ternatives to incarceration, and we are bringing in the police persons, the po-lice departments. What a great idea: criminal justice and substance abuse and police persons dealing with this issue in a non-incarceration mode. We are not adding to mass incarcer-ation with all of the related and dev-astating collateral consequences but, instead, we are incentivizing State and local governments to prevent, treat, and heal. That is what we should be doing, and that is what we should have done for crack and cocaine addicts. We are learning. We understand now that we have a different pathway, but it is not too late. So I am saying to my colleagues here as we are working to-gether, we should find a way before Congress has completed its work on this legislation and send a bill to the President that applies a more com-prehensive approach, or a comprehen-sive approach that adds to this very strong foundation, including treatment alternatives for those who may still be suffering from crack and cocaine addic-tion. I remember signing the sentencing, the reduction bill that we had in 2009 dealing with the crack cocaine dispari-ties. We came together as a bipartisan group. So I know that these are things that we can do. I have had this issue and discussed it with the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ), and I hope that we can work together as we move forward and that our colleagues can work together as we move forward to look at these issues because if we walk our neighbor-hoods today, from one inner city to the next, and maybe our rural commu-nities, we will find those crack cocaine addicts. Mr. CONYERS. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. CONYERS. I just want the gen-tlewoman to know that her recollec-tion of the years before, where we have come from a more narrow focus, more punitive, and we now are seeing a newer strategy that is far more useful, far more successful than before. And I want to congratulate her for her perse-verance and determination that we will still get it even better under control through our looking carefully at the results of our activities. I thank the gentlewoman. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-tleman. I look forward to working with all of my colleagues. As I finish, let me just say that today, again, I will be introducing the recidivism—to End Infant Mortality and Reduce Recidivism bill dealing with incarcerated women. Many of those women are incarcerated because of drug addiction issues that involve the possession or sale of narcotics. What we are attempting to do, if a baby is born in prison, we are attempt-ing to recognize that they should not be separated from that mother, and to have some postnatal nursery situation in a pilot program to examine how that works, because we know that addic-tion, in many instances, has caused women to be incarcerated. There are many issues that we can look at, and I hope, as we work our way through this, we will find some solu-tions for those who are still addicted to crack cocaine and need some of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.028 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2302 May 12, 2016 
same or similar services that this un-derlying legislation has. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5046, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act of 2016, of which I am an original cospon-sor. I commend the Chairman of the Sub-committee on Crime, J
IMSENSENBRENNER , for his work on this bill and I also commend Chairman G
OODLATTE and Ranking Member C
ONYERS for their ability to find common ground on this very important issue. I also note that I was a cosponsor of a simi-lar bill that was the predecessor to this one, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. I would have been happy to see the Com-mittee pass that bill, but I am pleased that we have been able to work together to produce an alternative bill that will help address issues related to opioid abuse. I look forward to continued collaboration with my colleagues to find additional solutions to the drug crisis America now faces. We must take action because today a lead-ing killer of Americans is drug overdose. Between 2000 and 2014, almost half a mil-lion people died from drug overdoses. Many of these deaths were preventable. In 2014 alone, more than 47,000 people died of drug overdoses. The largest percentage of overdose deaths in 2014 was attributed to opioids—like pre-scription painkillers, methadone, morphine, and heroin. Specifically, 28,647 people overdosed and died because of an opioid in 2014. We are experiencing an emergency that im-pacts citizens in every state, city, and town in this country—that is prescription painkiller and opioid abuse. This emergency is compounded due to the perilous connection between prescription pain-killers and heroin. Prescription painkiller abuse is the strongest risk factor for future heroin use. Approximately three out of four new heroin users report that their use began with their abuse of prescription painkillers. Heroin use becomes appealing to those ad-dicted to prescription painkillers because it is cheaper and easier to obtain. Due to its potency, heroin use tends to lead to addiction. Heroin addiction is often deadly, leading to overdose or other chronic diseases. The rate at which the occurrence of heroin overdose deaths increased is cause for alarm. In the four years between 2010 and 2014, heroin overdoses more than tripled. More than 10,500 people died from heroin overdoses in 2014. In 2013, more than 8,200 people died from heroin overdoses. In that same year, 11 million people admit-ted to improper use of prescription of pain-killers. Not only were 11 million people at risk of overdosing due to their abuse of prescription painkillers, 11 million people were also at high risk of becoming addicted to heroin—with its attendant risks and dangers. This current crisis requires an immediate and comprehensive response and the bill be-fore us today is one element of a broader strategy. This bill will establish a grant program, to be administered by the Department of Justice, to assist states and local governments, particu-larly by helping criminal justice agencies to tackle the opioid problem from a variety of an-gles. This bill encourages the development of al-ternatives to incarceration that provide treat-ment as a solution to the underlying motivation for criminal behavior or conduct associated with mental disorders. We must make our best efforts to prevent individuals from moving from painkillers to her-oin by making treatment for addicts more ac-cessible by encouraging the use of evidence- based programs, such as medication-assisted treatment. Life-saving overdose reversal drugs, like naloxone, are most valuable in the hands of trained individuals who regularly come in con-tact with individuals who are prone to drug overdoses. This bill will increase the use and availability of naloxone and other overdose reversal drugs to first responders. Addiction is a disease that affects the brain and eventually changes the behavior of ad-dicts, causing them to experience mental health issues and encounter legal problems. Treatment is the most reasonable and effec-tive approach to diverting these individuals away from homelessness and prison. There are also specific provisions in this bill that allow for a wide range of services to be offered to our veterans who tend to suffer from mental health issues and addiction. I support this bill because I believe that it will help save lives and prevent and treat opioid addiction. The approach Congress is taking with the crisis of heroin and other opioids is thoughtful and comprehensive. I hope it signals a departure from some of the failed approaches concerning other drug crises in the past. For instance, our response to the surge in crack cocaine in the 1980s was to enact dra-conian mandatory minimum penalties with vastly disparate treatment for crack and pow-der cocaine. Unfortunately, that exacerbated the dis-proportionate minority impact of our drug laws and their enforcement. Today, no matter who is suffering from the effects of illegal drugs, we must learn from the past and embrace new ways of addressing the problem. The bill before us today, and the ap-proaches contained in other legislation passed by the Senate and introduced in the House, reflect our experience in dealing with drug pre-vention, addiction, treatment, and recovery. While there is still work to do in Congress to address the mistakes of the past with re-spect to mandatory minimum sentences that are unjust, unwise and financially unsustainable, I commend my colleagues for embracing drug treatment, alternatives to in-carceration, and improved training to first re-sponders and the criminal justice system on how to put substance abusers on a better path. With those considerations in mind, and a hopeful note about the progress we are mak-ing in our approach to these issues, I ask that my colleagues join me in voting in favor of this important bill. I want to follow up on my earlier statement concerning the contrast in the way we are dealing with the opioid crisis and the way we addressed crack cocaine in the 1980s. At that time, we Congress took action that we are still trying to rectify. At one point, more than 80% of the defend-ants sentenced for crack offenses were Afri-can American, despite the fact that more than 66% of crack users are white or Hispanic. As we work on other legislation to address the enforcement and sentencing disparities re-lated to the crack issue, we must re-examine our approach to that and other drug issues. This week, the House has been engaged in a comprehensive approach to addressing a serious public health crisis involving heroin and other opioids. Overdoses and deaths involving heroin are on the rise. While law enforcement has an appropriate role and the bills’ recognize that, the bills—in-cluding H.R. 5046 before us now—reflect a broader strategy that reflects the fact that this is an addiction issue. Accordingly, we are not raising sentences or impacting mandatory minimums but we are funding anti-addiction mechanisms such as treatment alternatives to incarceration. We are not adding to mass incarceration— with all of the related and devastating collat-eral consequences—but instead we are incentivizing state and local governments to prevent, treat, and heal. That is what we should be doing, and that 
is what we should have done for crack and cocaine addicts. But it is not too late—we should find a way, before Congress has completed its work on this legislation and sends a bill to the Presi-dent, to apply this more comprehensive ap-proach, including treatment alternatives, to those suffering from crack and cocaine addic-tion. I urge my colleagues to work with me to do this. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chair-man, I am prepared to yield back after the gentleman from Michigan yields back. I reserve the balance of my time. b1330 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Members of the Committee, we have had a very interesting and important discussion. As an original cosponsor of H.R. 5046, we see more clearly how it will provide critical grants to prevent and treat opioid abuse and addictions, and, most importantly, because it will help save lives. So, in closing, I want to commend my colleagues on the Judiciary Com-mittee in particular for their work on this measure, starting with our chair-man, Mr. G
OODLATTE , and our sub-committee chairman, J
IMSENSEN -
BRENNER , for his extraordinary leader-ship in crafting this important bill, and, of course, our gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for her con-tinuing vigilance to improve our ap-proaches towards dealing with this opioid abuse and addiction challenge. This bill before us has the power to fortify America’s fight against the opioid epidemic. I am extremely proud to not only support it, but I urge all of my colleagues to join with me. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.029 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2303 May 12, 2016 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, let me say I appre-ciate the huge, bipartisan support that this legislation has attracted. I have been working on legislation to deal with Department of Justice grants in the opioid addiction area for over 2 years. It took a while, and, unfortu-nately, it took the expansion of a prob-lem into an epidemic to show this Con-gress that we have to act, we have to act comprehensively, and we have to act in a manner that actually goes down to our communities to help out those communities and, more impor-tantly, the people who are addicted and their families. The package of bills that the House has debated yesterday and is debating today does exactly that. For those who criticize Congress for not doing any-thing, this is something that is prob-ably going to have a very, very mean-ingful impact on the lives and liveli-hoods of people who have gotten hooked on something, and it gives them a way out in a compassionate and effective manner. Let me say I am not sure that the American public is going to realize the importance of what we are doing today, because I see the wide-open spaces in the press gallery above the Speaker’s rostrum. I think that is unfortunate because this is something, number one, that is important; number two, it will help people; number three, it is bipar-tisan, which shows very clearly that we don’t spend all of our time here argu-ing and fighting amongst ourselves; and number four, it is bicameral. This is Congress the way it should work and the way it is working in a lot more cases than many in the American pub-lic think it is. So I guess my message to everybody today is, number one, we are doing our job, and we are doing our job with this legislation in a vitally important man-ner to help turn some lives around and to prevent tragedy; and number two, the fact that we can get together to deal with a national problem in a bi-partisan manner shows that we take our job seriously, whether we sit on the Democratic side of the aisle or the Re-publican side of our aisle, and we are rising to the occasion. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). All time for general de-bate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–52. That amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute is as follows: H.R. 5046 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. COMPREHENSIVE OPIOID ABUSE GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART LL—COMPREHENSIVE OPIOID ABUSE GRANT PROGRAM 
‘‘SEC. 3021. DESCRIPTION. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From amounts made available to carry out this part, the Attor-ney General may make grants to States, units of local government, and Indian tribes, for use by the State, unit of local government, or Indian tribe to provide services primarily relating to opioid abuse, including for any one or more of the following: ‘‘(1) Developing, implementing, or expanding a treatment alternative to incarceration pro-gram, which may include— ‘‘(A) pre-booking or post-booking components, which may include the activities described in part HH of this title; ‘‘(B) training for criminal justice agency per-sonnel on substance use disorders and co-occur-ring mental illness and substance use disorders; ‘‘(C) a mental health court, including the ac-tivities described in part V of this title; ‘‘(D) a drug court, including the activities de-scribed in part EE of this title; and ‘‘(E) a veterans treatment court program, in-cluding the activities described in subsection (i) of section 2991 of this title. ‘‘(2) In the case of a State, facilitating or en-hancing planning and collaboration between State criminal justice agencies and State sub-stance abuse systems in order to more efficiently and effectively carry out programs described in paragraph (1) that address problems related to opioid abuse. ‘‘(3) Providing training and resources for first responders on carrying and administering an opioid overdose reversal drug or device approved by the Food and Drug Administration, and pur-chasing such a drug or device for first respond-ers who have received such training to carry and administer. ‘‘(4) Investigative purposes to locate or inves-tigate illicit activities related to the unlawful distribution of opioids. ‘‘(5) Developing, implementing, or expanding a medication-assisted treatment program used or operated by a criminal justice agency, which may include training criminal justice agency personnel on medication-assisted treatment, and carrying out the activities described in part S of this title. ‘‘(6) In the case of a State, developing, imple-menting, or expanding a prescription drug moni-toring program to collect and analyze data re-lated to the prescribing of schedule II, III, and IV controlled substances through a centralized database administered by an authorized State agency, which includes tracking the dispensa-tion of such substances, and providing for data sharing with other States. ‘‘(7) Developing, implementing, or expanding a program to prevent and address opioid abuse by juveniles. ‘‘(8) Developing, implementing, or expanding an integrated and comprehensive opioid abuse response program. ‘‘(b) C
ONTRACTS AND SUBAWARDS .—A State, unit of local government, or Indian tribe may, in using a grant under this subpart for purposes authorized by subsection (a), use all or a por-tion of that grant to contract with or make one or more subawards to one or more— ‘‘(1) local or regional organizations that are private and nonprofit, including faith-based or-ganizations; ‘‘(2) units of local government; or ‘‘(3) tribal organizations. ‘‘(c) PROGRAM ASSESSMENT COMPONENT ; W
AIVER .— ‘‘(1) P
ROGRAM ASSESSMENT COMPONENT .—Each program funded under this subpart shall con-tain a program assessment component, devel-oped pursuant to guidelines established by the Attorney General, in coordination with the Na-tional Institute of Justice. ‘‘(2) W
AIVER .—The Attorney General may waive the requirement of paragraph (1) with re-spect to a program if, in the opinion of the At-torney General, the program is not of sufficient size to justify a full program assessment. ‘‘(d) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Not more than 10 percent of a grant made under this subpart may be used for costs incurred to administer such grant. ‘‘(e) P
ERIOD .—The period of a grant made under this part may not be longer than 4 years, except that renewals and extensions beyond that period may be granted at the discretion of the Attorney General. 
‘‘SEC. 3022. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘To request a grant under this part, the chief executive officer of a State, unit of local govern-ment, or Indian tribe shall submit an applica-tion to the Attorney General at such time and in such form as the Attorney General may require. Such application shall include the following: ‘‘(1) A certification that Federal funds made available under this subpart will not be used to supplant State, local, or tribal funds, but will be used to increase the amounts of such funds that would, in the absence of Federal funds, be made available for the activities described in section 3021(a). ‘‘(2) An assurance that, for each fiscal year covered by an application, the applicant shall maintain and report such data, records, and in-formation (programmatic and financial) as the Attorney General may reasonably require. ‘‘(3) A certification, made in a form acceptable to the Attorney General and executed by the chief executive officer of the applicant (or by another officer of the applicant, if qualified under regulations promulgated by the Attorney General), that— ‘‘(A) the programs to be funded by the grant meet all the requirements of this part; ‘‘(B) all the information contained in the ap-plication is correct; ‘‘(C) there has been appropriate coordination with affected agencies; and ‘‘(D) the applicant will comply with all provi-sions of this part and all other applicable Fed-eral laws. ‘‘(4) An assurance that the applicant will work with the Drug Enforcement Administra-tion to develop an integrated and comprehensive strategy to address opioid abuse. 
‘‘SEC. 3023. REVIEW OF APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘The Attorney General shall not finally dis-approve any application (or any amendment to that application) submitted under this part without first affording the applicant reasonable notice of any deficiencies in the application and opportunity for correction and reconsideration. 
‘‘SEC. 3024. GEOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY. 
‘‘The Attorney General shall ensure equitable geographic distribution of grants under this part and take into consideration the needs of under-served populations, including rural and tribal communities. 
‘‘SEC. 3025. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: ‘‘(1) The term ‘first responder’ includes a fire-fighter, law enforcement officer, paramedic, emergency medical technician, or other indi-vidual (including an employee of a legally orga-nized and recognized volunteer organization, whether compensated or not), who, in the course of professional duties, responds to fire, medical, hazardous material, or other similar emergencies. ‘‘(2) The term ‘medication-assisted treatment’ means the use of medications approved by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.031 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2304 May 12, 2016 
Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of opioid abuse. ‘‘(3) The term ‘opioid’ means any drug, in-cluding heroin, having an addiction-forming or addiction-sustaining liability similar to mor-phine or being capable of conversion into a drug having such addiction-forming or addiction-sus-taining liability. ‘‘(4) The term ‘schedule II, III, or IV con-trolled substance’ means a controlled substance that is listed on schedule II, schedule III, or schedule IV of section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812(c)). ‘‘(5) The terms ‘drug’ and ‘device’ have the meanings given those terms in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). ‘‘(6) The term ‘criminal justice agency’ means a State, local, or tribal— ‘‘(A) court; ‘‘(B) prison; ‘‘(C) jail; ‘‘(D) law enforcement agency; or ‘‘(E) other agency that performs the adminis-tration of criminal justice, including prosecu-tion, pretrial services, and community super-vision. ‘‘(7) The term ‘tribal organization’ has the meaning given that term in section 4 of the In-dian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b).’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 1001(a) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3793(a)) is amended by inserting after paragraph (26) the following: ‘‘(27) There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out part LL $103,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2017 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 3. AUDIT AND ACCOUNTABILITY OF GRANT-EES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘covered grant program’’ means a grant program operated by the Department of Justice; (2) the term ‘‘covered grantee’’ means a recipi-ent of a grant from a covered grant program; (3) the term ‘‘nonprofit’’, when used with re-spect to an organization, means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986, and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code; and (4) the term ‘‘unresolved audit finding’’ means an audit report finding in a final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Jus-tice that a covered grantee has used grant funds awarded to that grantee under a covered grant program for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or resolved during a 12-month period prior to the date on which the final audit report is issued. (b) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .—Beginning in fiscal year 2016, and annually thereafter, the Inspec-tor General of the Department of Justice shall conduct audits of covered grantees to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds awarded under covered grant programs. The Inspector General shall determine the appropriate number of covered grantees to be audited each year. (c) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A grantee that is found to have an unresolved audit finding under an audit conducted under subsection (b) may not receive grant funds under a covered grant program in the fiscal year following the fiscal year to which the finding relates. (d) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If a covered grantee is awarded funds under the covered grant program from which it received a grant award during the 1-fiscal-year period during which the covered grantee is ineligible for an allocation of grant funds under subsection (c), the Attorney Gen-eral shall— (1) deposit into the General Fund of the Treasury an amount that is equal to the amount of the grant funds that were improperly award-ed to the covered grantee; and (2) seek to recoup the costs of the repayment to the Fund from the covered grantee that was improperly awarded the grant funds. (e) PRIORITY OF GRANT AWARDS .—The Attor-ney General, in awarding grants under a cov-ered grant program shall give priority to eligible entities that during the 2-year period preceding the application for a grant have not been found to have an unresolved audit finding. (f) N
ONPROFIT REQUIREMENTS .— (1) P
ROHIBITION .—A nonprofit organization that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, shall not be eligible to receive, directly or indi-rectly, any funds from a covered grant program. (2) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organization that is a covered grantee shall disclose in its ap-plication for such a grant, as a condition of re-ceipt of such a grant, the compensation of its of-ficers, directors, and trustees. Such disclosure shall include a description of the criteria relied on to determine such compensation. 
SEC. 4. VETERANS TREATMENT COURTS. 
Section 2991 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (i) as sub-section (j); and (2) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) A
SSISTING VETERANS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) P
EER TO PEER SERVICES OR PROGRAMS .— The term ‘peer to peer services or programs’ means services or programs that connect quali-fied veterans with other veterans for the pur-pose of providing support and mentorship to as-sist qualified veterans in obtaining treatment, recovery, stabilization, or rehabilitation. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED VETERAN .—The term ‘quali-fied veteran’ means a preliminarily qualified of-fender who— ‘‘(i) served on active duty in any branch of the Armed Forces, including the National Guard or Reserves; and ‘‘(ii) was discharged or released from such service under conditions other than dishonor-able. ‘‘(C) V
ETERANS TREATMENT COURT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘veterans treatment court pro-gram’ means a court program involving collabo-ration among criminal justice, veterans, and mental health and substance abuse agencies that provides qualified veterans with— ‘‘(i) intensive judicial supervision and case management, which may include random and frequent drug testing where appropriate; ‘‘(ii) a full continuum of treatment services, including mental health services, substance abuse services, medical services, and services to address trauma; ‘‘(iii) alternatives to incarceration; or ‘‘(iv) other appropriate services, including housing, transportation, mentoring, employ-ment, job training, education, or assistance in applying for and obtaining available benefits. ‘‘(2) V
ETERANS ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, may award grants under this subsection to applicants to establish or expand— ‘‘(i) veterans treatment court programs; ‘‘(ii) peer to peer services or programs for qualified veterans; ‘‘(iii) practices that identify and provide treat-ment, rehabilitation, legal, transitional, and other appropriate services to qualified veterans who have been incarcerated; or ‘‘(iv) training programs to teach criminal jus-tice, law enforcement, corrections, mental health, and substance abuse personnel how to identify and appropriately respond to incidents involving qualified veterans. ‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this subsection, the Attorney General shall give priority to applications that— ‘‘(i) demonstrate collaboration between and joint investments by criminal justice, mental health, substance abuse, and veterans service agencies; ‘‘(ii) promote effective strategies to identify and reduce the risk of harm to qualified vet-erans and public safety; and ‘‘(iii) propose interventions with empirical support to improve outcomes for qualified vet-erans.’’. SEC. 5. EMERGENCY FEDERAL LAW ENFORCE-MENT ASSISTANCE. 
Section 609Y(a) of the Justice Assistance Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10513(a)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘September 30, 1984’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2021’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . DONOVAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 2, line 6, strike ‘‘part HH’’ and insert ‘‘part DD or HH’’. Add at the end of the bill the following: 
SEC. 6. INCLUSION OF SERVICES FOR PREGNANT WOMEN UNDER FAMILY-BASED SUB-STANCE ABUSE GRANTS. 
Part DD of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act (42 U.S.C. 3797s et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 2921(2), by inserting before the period at the end ‘‘or pregnant women’’; and (2) in section 2927— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by inserting ‘‘preg-nant or’’ before ‘‘a parent’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or preg-nant women’’ after ‘‘incarcerated parents’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the amendment of-fered by myself and Mr. T
URNER . This amendment expands eligibility for ex-isting family-based substance abuse treatment grants to include pregnant women. In New York State alone, over 1,700 pregnant women pass through our cor-rections system each year. On any given day, there are 12 to 15 pregnant women in New York State prisons and 110 in local jails, and many of these women are coming in with drug addic-tions that pose harm to not only them-selves, but to their unborn children. States across the country have passed laws and implemented programs to provide community and family- based alternatives to incarceration for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.006 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2305 May 12, 2016 
nonviolent parent offenders. However, State programs targeting offenders who are parents-to-be are not currently eligible for grants. This peculiarity makes it difficult for States to develop programs addressing the particularly vulnerable population of nonviolent pregnant offenders. This amendment would make clear that such funding could be provided to States to develop and expand family-based substance abuse treatment programs that focus on expectant mothers. When a drug-addicted pregnant woman comes through the criminal justice system, we make every effort to help that expectant mother beat her drug addiction both for herself and for her child. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
URNER ), my friend and cosponsor of this amend-ment. Mr. TURNER. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank my colleague from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) for yielding and for his work on this amendment, which I am proud to cosponsor. Mr. Chairman, the purpose of this amendment is simple: increase access to substance abuse treatment for preg-nant women. We accomplish this by making clear that States receiving grants from an existing Department of Justice program may use them to pro-vide family-based treatment. Currently, nonviolent mothers and fathers have access to family- and com-munity-based substance abuse treat-ment options that help keep their fam-ilies together, and that should be true for expectant mothers as well. Our amendment would help provide this ac-cess to the 60 pregnant women in Ohio State prisons last month and countless others across the country, all of whom are ineligible for it today. I have met with doctors, nurses, hos-pitals, law enforcement, and treatment professionals, and have seen firsthand the devastating effects that heroin and opioid abuse have inflicted on pregnant women and newborns in my own south-west Ohio community. In December of 2013, I toured Soin Medical Center in Beavercreek, Ohio, and discussed the concerning trend the hospital was ob-serving: increasing numbers of infants born addicted to opiates. At the Dayton Children’s Hospital neonatal intensive care unit, I wit-nessed the hardship that heroin and opioid addiction inflicts on both women and their babies. I met with mothers struggling with substance abuse who had given birth to infants who had become addicted in the womb. I watched newborns just starting their lives suffering through the painful symptoms of neonatal abstinence syn-drome. At the Women’s Recovery Center in Xenia, Ohio, I spoke to young women participating in opiate abuse interven-tion and treatment programs. One former heroin user I spoke to shared with me her story about how the inter-vention and treatment she received at the center allowed her to overcome her addiction before giving birth to her son. It is vital that we provide women ac-cess to this treatment—for their own health and for the health of the chil-dren that they will bring into the world. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this amendment. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me congratulate the proponents of the amendment and indicate to the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONO-
VAN) that I think many of us are on the same page. The Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act authorizes the Attorney General to make grants to State and local governments for prison-based family substance abuse treatment pro-grams for the incarcerated parents of minor children. These programs can provide a com-prehensive response to the needs of in-carcerated parents of minor children, not only substance abuse treatment, but also a range of family-related serv-ices. These can include child early intervention services, family coun-seling, medical care, mental health services, parental skills training, pedi-atric care, physical therapy, and pre-natal care. The importance of the value of these programs to pregnant women who find themselves incarcerated as well as to women who are already mothers is be-yond dispute. We want to give our chil-dren—no matter who they are and where they are born in this country—a great and wonderful pathway to suc-cess. This amendment makes pregnant women equally eligible to participate in such programs. As indicated earlier on the floor today, I am planning to introduce the Stop Infant Mortality and Recidivism Reduction Act of 2016, which is to re-spond to women who have children while they are incarcerated, to provide them with some sort of support system where their babies are not separated from them. Those babies may be born addicted. I think it is important that this amendment looks at those preg-nant women who may be incarcerated; and in this instance, this looks at preg-nant women to provide them alter-natives. It can be of tremendous ben-efit to these mothers-to-be as well as their children and families. This effort has my wholehearted sup-port, and I strongly urge my colleagues to support this amendment to the un-derlying bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ). Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing and commend him for offering this amendment. The amendment makes reasonable and appropriate changes to the Justice Department’s Family-Based Substance Abuse Treatment Program, a program authorized under the Second Chance Act. The program supports State and local government agencies and feder-ally recognized Indian tribes in estab-lishing or enhancing residential sub-stance abuse treatment programs in correctional facilities that include re-covery of family supportive services. This amendment ensures that the pro-gram’s definition of an incarcerated parent with minor children includes pregnant women. As a person who believes life begins at conception, I believe it is entirely appropriate for this program to provide services to pregnant women to meet their unique needs and those of their unborn children. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . DANNY K . 
DAVIS OF ILLINOIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 2, line 14, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 2, line 17, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 2, after line 17, insert the following: ‘‘(F) a focus on parents whose incarcer-ation could result in their children entering the child welfare system.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to join with my colleague from Indiana, Represent-ative T
ODD YOUNG , in offering our amendment to strengthen families by addressing parental substance abuse and decreasing the number of children entering foster care. Our amendment is common sense. It simply allows the CARA substance abuse treatment diversion grants to focus on parents whose incarceration could result in their children entering foster care. I am deeply troubled that almost 8 percent of children placed into foster care each year enter due to parental in-carceration. This is approximately 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.034 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2306 May 12, 2016 
20,000 young children every year. In some States like Arkansas, Idaho, Indi-ana, and South Dakota, over 20 percent of children enter foster care due to par-ent incarceration. We also know that substance abuse underlies a substantial percentage of child welfare cases. b1345 Aside from neglect, alcohol or other drug use is the number one reason for removal from the home. In 2014, over 77,000 youth were removed from their homes due to drug abuse. What is exciting is that we have strong, empirical evidence that work-ing with parents experiencing sub-stance abuse significantly helps chil-dren and families experience fewer days in foster care, higher reunifica-tion rates, less recurrence of child mal-treatment, and better permanency over time. Neither the Senate nor the House CARA bill addresses this critical inter-section of criminal justice, substance abuse, and foster care. Yet, this inter-section underlies the surging numbers in both the judicial and child welfare systems. The Annie E. Casey Foundation, an amazing champion for foster youth, just released a report 2 weeks ago that recommended that judges consider the impact on kids and families when mak-ing sentencing and confinement deci-sions. Our amendment is necessary to dem-onstrate congressional intent that the Department of Justice improve our ju-dicial system to decrease the horrible family impact of incarceration that swells our child welfare system and un-dermines child well-being. That is why over a dozen key child welfare advocates support our amend-ment, including the American Public Human Services Association, the American Psychological Association, Children’s Defense Fund, Children’s Home Society of America, Child Wel-fare League of America, National Asso-ciation of Counsel for Children, Na-tional Foster Family-Based Treatment Association, National Foster Parent Association, North American Council on Adoptable Children, Ray E. Helfer Society, Voice for Adoption, and Zero to Three. I urge support of our amendment that will do much to strengthen fami-lies and improve child welfare. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chair-man, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentleman for offer-ing this amendment, and I support it. The opioid epidemic has victimized countless Americans, including the most vulnerable among us—our chil-dren. We are all aware of the grim sta-tistics surrounding prescription opioid abuse by teenagers. However, a young child who loses a parent to addiction is also a victim that needs our help. I support this effort, which will pro-mote family unity while holding cer-tain offenders accountable and ensur-ing community safety. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chair-man, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentleman from Illi-nois for introducing this amendment, shedding light on one of the most vul-nerable populations affected by this na-tional opioid epidemic: our children. As communities, non-profits, and pol-icymakers search for solutions to ad-dress this harrowing drug epidemic, it is essential that we not lose sight of the children whose lives have been fun-damentally and forever altered by this nationwide crisis. Kids across the country are having their lives turned upside down. They are watching parents taken into cus-tody. They are forced to leave homes, wondering whether they will ever be able to see their father or mother again. These are things children shouldn’t have to worry about and shouldn’t have to go through. The national opioid epidemic has hit my home State of Indiana particularly hard. A small Hoosier community of 4,300 was catapulted into the spotlight last spring. We had over 190 Hoosiers diagnosed with HIV primarily due to intravenous drug use. It is a tragedy the CDC has cited as one of the worst documented HIV outbreaks among users in the past 2 decades. This localized epidemic, similar to others across the country, is linked to the use of a powerful painkiller, a very highly addictive opiate. In addressing this nationwide prob-lem, we are going to have to overcome the negative stigmas of drug addiction. We need to treat these individuals—and I say this literally—treat them as pa-tients who need our encouragement and our support to get well. That is what this amendment accom-plishes. Under this amendment, thou-sands of children who would otherwise see their parent destined for a prison cell will instead see the parent they love and depend on get the treatment they need. The need for this amendment is ur-gent. The Indiana Department of Child Services estimates 2,600 children had to be removed from homes due to parental drug abuse in just a 6-month period that ended last March. That is a 71 per-cent jump from 2 years earlier. We, as legislators, have a real respon-sibility to look out for these children. When States develop a substance abuse treatment program that can be an alternative to incarceration, this amendment allows them to focus on treating parents whose incarceration could result in their children lan-guishing in an overwhelmed child wel-fare system. More than a dozen child welfare organizations support this bi-partisan endeavor. I want to thank Mr. DAVIS, as I close here, and his staff for collaborating with me and Jaymi Light in my office in order to ensure that we can help this vulnerable population. I ask my colleagues to support the amendment and help us ensure our most vulnerable children are no longer caught up in this epidemic. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D
AVIS). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . DELBENE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 2, line 14, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 2, line 17, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 2, after line 17, insert the following: ‘‘(F) a community-based substance use di-version program sponsored by a law enforce-ment agency.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Washington. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer a simple clarifying amendment to ensure that State, local, and tribal governments can develop and implement community-based pro-grams that have demonstrated success in reducing recidivism and getting peo-ple the help that they need. I am hope-ful everyone in this Chamber can sup-port it. The growing epidemic of heroin use and prescription drug abuse is having a devastating effect on the health and safety of our families and our commu-nities both in my home State of Wash-ington and across the country. The problem has become so severe that adults in the United States are now more likely to die from a drug overdose than a car accident. With more than 120 deaths occurring from drug overdoses in this country every day—more than half of which are from prescription drugs—it is clearer than ever that Congress must take action. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.036 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2307 May 12, 2016 
That is why I am so pleased to see my colleagues on both sides of the aisle coming together to combat the epi-demic of addiction. This legislation represents an important first step. It authorizes much-needed funding for the opioid abuse reduction programs that will expand substance abuse prevention and intervention efforts, boost re-sources for law enforcement officers and first responders to administer overdose reversal drugs, improve sub-stance abuse treatment for individuals in the criminal justice system, and help prevent the illegal distribution of opioids in our streets. Among the programs authorized under the bill are treatment alter-native to incarceration programs, an important tool for law enforcement agencies in the fight against opioid abuse. My amendment simply clarifies that this provision includes a model with demonstrated success in Seattle and King County. First launched in 2011, the Law En-forcement Assisted Diversion program, or LEAD, is a community-based pilot program that offers a helping hand rather than jail time for those suf-fering from substance abuse. According to an initial study, it suc-cessfully reduces recidivism by as much as 60 percent. Other cities have taken notice, with Santa Fe and Al-bany already working to implement the model in their communities. Instead of arresting and prosecuting low-level drug offenders, we should be supporting successful programs like LEAD that direct them to the commu-nity-based services and help that they need. My amendment will do just that. It will ensure resources are available to expand successful models that are al-ready working and make a meaningful difference in addressing this crisis. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chair-man, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentlewoman from Washington for offering this amend-ment, and I support it. This amendment clarifies that grant monies authorized by H.R. 5046 can be used to fund community-based sub-stance abuse diversion programs spon-sored by law enforcement agencies. There are a variety of programs across the country administered by State and local law enforcement and prosecuting agencies that offer diver-sion to drug treatment and other serv-ices as an alternative to incarceration. In my home State of Wisconsin, Treatment Alternatives and Diversion, or TAD, programs ‘‘offer offenders the opportunity to enter and do voluntary substance abuse treatment, case man-agement, and other risk reduction services as a safe alternative to jail or prison confinement. Diverting non-violent offenders into substance abuse treatment keeps them out of jail and correctional facilities, thereby saving bed space and taxpayer dollars, as well as treating the underlying addiction that may have influenced the commis-sion of a crime or may contribute to future criminal behavior.’’ These are precisely the types of treatment alternatives to incarcer-ation programs that I believe should be eligible for funding through this new Department of Justice grant. I thank the gentlewoman from Wash-ington for working with us on drafting the amendment. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of it. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHN-
SON). Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentlewoman. I rise in support of her amendment. I also rise to state my unyielding support for the underlying legislation introduced by my friend, J
IMSENSENBRENNER from Wisconsin, literally an institution of statutory production in the halls of this Congress. I appreciate it. This DelBene amendment would en-able States and local governments to use grant monies for treatment alter-natives to incarceration programs, in-cluding community-based abuse diver-sion programs sponsored by a law en-forcement agency. H.R. 5046 authorizes the attorney general to make grants to State and local governments for the develop-ment, expansion, or implementation of opioid abuse treatment programs as an alternative to incarceration. This amendment would expand eligibility for such grants to community-based substance abuse diversion programs sponsored by a law enforcement agen-cy. The cooperation and involvement of local law enforcement agencies is an important component in any com-prehensive effort to combat opioid abuse. Diversion programs can play a key role in improving outcomes and re-habilitating opioid drug offenders. Diversion programs also benefit law enforcement by conserving law en-forcement resources, judicial and penal resources, while enabling police agen-cies and courts to focus on drug traf-fickers and other serious criminals. Based on those facts, I urge my col-leagues to support this amendment. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . DESAULNIER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, line 21, insert after ‘‘providing for’’ the following: ‘‘interoperability and’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. b1400 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, let me say how happy I am to be here in a bipartisan spirit on this important issue of the opioid epidemic in this country. I rise, obviously, to support this par-ticular amendment, and I thank my colleague from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) for being a partner in this effort. Our amendment simply clarifies that grants authorized under this bill may be used to develop multi-State inter-operable Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs. PDMPs are one of the most important tools in the fight against prescription drug abuse. All of us come here today from sepa-rate starting points. For me, like many others, it was because of parents of children who were lost to this epi-demic. Bob and Carmen Pack were constitu-ents in an affluent suburb of San Fran-cisco, which is in my district and is formerly in my State legislative dis-trict, who took their two young chil-dren, Troy and Alana Pack, out for a walk to the local ice cream shop for a treat on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. Unfortunately, a woman, who was later convicted of abusing and doctor shop-ping for opioids and also of using alco-hol, swerved across the street, killing Troy and Alana and almost killing Car-men Pack, who was expecting at the time. Fortunately, she survived and had a child. Bob, a software engineer, proceeded to put his energies into updating the California PDMP to make it electronic, to make usable in realtime, and to make it effective in trying to control opioid addictions. He partnered with multiple attorneys general in Cali-fornia to see this effected. As a State senator, I was able to partner with them to institute a pro-gram and fully fund CURES, the Cali-fornia PDMP that allows for the realtime monitoring of prescriptions. It went from 13,000 users in the course of a year to over 200,000 users, and it is now fully implemented. One of the weak points of the CURE system in California is its inability to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.039 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2308 May 12, 2016 
communicate with other systems as they are developed around the country and the ability for people who abuse these products, including organized crimes, to go to other States. So it is important at this point, as States start to develop these sophisticated but very cost-effective systems, that we estab-lish them in such a way that they are interoperable. While doctors and pharmacies work hard to prevent anyone from filling unneeded orders, it is more difficult to stop doctor shopping by individuals who visit multiple doctors and phar-macists in an attempt to obtain more opioids. Some individuals who are ad-dicted will cross State lines—and, obvi-ously, organized crime will do so—to avoid their States’ prescription drug monitoring systems. Unfortunately, many State programs are not inter-operable with neighboring States and do not coordinate and share this infor-mation effectively. To improve the success of these pro-grams, our amendment explicitly states that these funds can be used to promote interoperability and data sharing between States. Our amend-ment is a small step towards improving existing systems, and it will help States better understand patterns of interstate drug trafficking. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. W
ESTMORE -
LAND ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I thank the gentleman from Cali-fornia and the gentleman from Georgia for offering this amendment. This amendment makes a small but important change to H.R. 5046 to clar-ify that grants can be used to improve the interoperability of Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs, or PDMPs, which are a valuable tool in combating the opioid epidemic and have been es-tablished across the country. This amendment will help medical practi-tioners see what potentially dangerous medications a patient has received in another State before writing a pre-scription. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his support of what I consider to be a very important amendment. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment to H.R. 5046 because Prescription Drug Monitoring Pro-grams and their effectiveness are key to fighting prescription drug abuse in this country. As a lifelong pharmacist and as the author of the Georgia Prescription Drug Monitoring Program while I was a member of the Georgia General As-sembly, I believe PDMPs are one of the most important tools in the fight against prescription drug abuse. To in-crease the success of these programs throughout the country, interoper-ability and data sharing between States is paramount. I commend Chairman GOODLATTE and the Judiciary Committee for their work on this bill; but to continue the growth and the success of PDMPs, interoperability should be included in any discussion to improve these sys-tems so States can better share infor-mation about patients and the patterns that occur with interstate prescription drug trafficking. I thank the gentleman from Cali-fornia for his work on this important issue, and I encourage my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. I thank Mr. C AR-
TER and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for supporting this commonsense amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . BISHOP OF  
MICHIGAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 4, after line 3, insert the following: ‘‘(9) Developing, implementing, or expand-ing a program (which may include dem-onstration projects) to utilize technology that provides a secure container for prescrip-tion drugs that would prevent individuals, particularly adolescents, from gaining access to opioid medications that are lawfully pre-scribed for other individuals.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. I thank the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Chairman G
OODLATTE , and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , the chairman of the Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Home-land Security, and Investigations, for their leadership in bringing this bill to the floor today. Mr. Chairman, I am also pleased to be here in the spirit of bipartisanship because, as you all know, this problem affects all Members’ districts. It is a problem that sheriffs and local law en-forcement in my district deal with on a daily basis. Admittedly, my amend-ment is not the silver bullet that will end this epidemic, but it is a common-sense step in the right direction, some-thing we can take to address the prob-lem at its roots, which is within the home. The National Institutes of Health es-timates that 800,000 children between the ages of 12 and 17 try opioids for the first time each year and that 70 percent of the opioids obtained by kids are from their families, friends, and rel-atives. It also found that 62 percent of kids say prescription medicines are easy to get from their families’ medi-cine cabinets and that one in two kids, alarmingly, thinks pills are available everywhere. In response to these statistics, my amendment would allow the State and local governments to invest in pro-grams that utilize secure containers for prescription drugs. It is important to note that this amendment does not mandate such programs; it merely makes available the opportunity should local governments voluntarily choose to take advantage of the pro-gram. While there may not be an easy fix to cure all of the alarming statistics, there are things that we can do and have done. In fact, in the 1960s, chil-dren were dying at an alarming rate from ingesting medications that were not meant for them. Congress re-sponded, and it responded by passing the Poisoning Prevention Packaging Act of 1970, which requires child-resist-ant caps for a number of different medications. That was the last time major changes were made to drug con-tainers. As we all know, technology has ad-vanced significantly in every category since 1970. Today, new technologies exist that make it harder to steal medications out of the family medicine cabinet, but they are not widely used. Secure containers, clearly, will not fix this problem, but they will act as a de-terrent to the source of the problem. As a father of three, I know that kids face all sorts of pressures at school and in their daily lives. Oftentimes, they don’t respond in the appropriate way, and they sometimes give in to those pressures. That doesn’t make them bad kids, but we cannot continue to turn a blind eye in denial while it is hap-pening. My amendment would allow for the implementation and the develop-ment of a program that utilizes secure containers for prescription drugs. This is a commonsense solution that addresses a problem at its source. It is a common practice to lock up things that we deem valuable and that could be dangerous to others. We lock up our cars, we lock up our bikes, we lock the doors of our homes; some of us may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.042 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2309 May 12, 2016 
even lock the drawers of our desks or lock up valuables and weapons in safe places in our homes. Therefore, it only makes sense when it comes to dan-gerous pills that are being stolen and that are leading us down dangerous paths to addiction, that we lock up these medicines and deter them from being stolen in the first place. This is not a mandate and it is not a directive for anyone to do this. My amendment simply allows States and localities to utilize funds or programs that provide for secure containers. Again, it is not to be considered the be- all and end-all solution, but it is a gen-uine step in the right direction to thwart this tragic epidemic. I urge all Members to support my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment, though I do not op-pose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, this amendment authorizes grants for programs to develop secure prescription drug containers to prevent individuals, particularly children, from gaining access to opioid medications that have been lawfully prescribed to others. This amendment addresses a serious problem—the unauthorized access to or use of lawfully prescribed prescription opioid medications by a person other than the individual for whom the drugs were prescribed. The use of prescription opioid medi-cations is controlled for a good reason. The misuse of such medications can have serious, even fatal, consequences. Perhaps the most tragic situation is one in which a child finds and, out of innocent curiosity, takes a prescrip-tion medication that is in the home, with the drugs having been prescribed for a parent or other family member, and that person then suffers an over-dose. This amendment will help pre-vent this problem by providing funding for programs that utilize technology to help develop secure containers for pre-scription drugs. The advancement of such potentially lifesaving technology deserves our full support. For that reason, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Chair-man, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. GOODLATTE. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I commend the gen-tleman from Michigan for offering this amendment and for his commitment to combating opioid abuse, including join-ing as an original cosponsor of H.R. 5046. In a recent poll, 62 percent of Amer-ican teenagers stated that prescription drugs are easy to get from the family medicine cabinet. According to the Drug Enforcement Administration, a full 70 percent of prescription drug medications that are obtained by ado-lescents are acquired from family, rel-atives, or friends. According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, of the 2.4 million peo-ple annually who use prescription drugs nonmedically and for the first time, a shocking 800,000 are aged 12 to 17. Often, the drugs are pilfered, which means a child or a visitor takes one or two from a bottle at a time in order to escape detection from a parent or a friend. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment that addresses this prob-lem. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . GUINTA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 4, line 3, insert before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including preven-tion and recovery programs’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. G
UINTA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Hampshire. Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment that I intro-duced with my colleague, Congress-woman K
USTER . This amendment would add preven-tion and recovery programs to the list of allowable uses in this legislation. While the opioid misuse and overdose epidemic is taking a terrible toll on our Nation, with proper treatment and recovery support systems, individuals can and do recover. b1415 Today, 23 million Americans are in recovery from substance use disorders and are contributing to our society and to our economy. In my home State of New Hampshire, over 430 people died of opioid overdose just last year. This number, unfortu-nately, is expected to rise in 2016. By allowing prevention and recovery programs to receive this important grant money, individuals who need the long-term recovery support have a bet-ter chance of surviving and thriving as they beat their addiction. Beyond the work that we are doing here in Congress, I would like to thank all of those heroes who are helping our communities to address this widening crisis. Specifically, in New Hampshire, people like my friend, Melissa Cruz, are among the many who are working be-hind the scenes to end this epidemic. Her work with Hope for New Hamp-shire Recovery to create another treat-ment and recovery center in our State’s largest city, Manchester, my hometown, is essential to getting ad-dicted Granite Staters back on their feet for long-term success. I urge my colleagues to support this important amendment. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GUINTA. I yield to the gen-tleman from Wisconsin. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentleman for offer-ing this amendment. As the gentleman knows, addiction treatment and recovery in a non-criminal justice context are not within the Judiciary Committee’s jurisdiction and, therefore, were not included in H.R. 5046, as reported by the com-mittee, since this bill establishes a grant program in the Department of Justice. I do not oppose the amendment since I recognize that treatment and recov-ery are important functions in address-ing this epidemic. However, I would like to work with the gentleman in going forward to ensure that treatment and recovery are appropriately tailored to DOJ functions or are otherwise ad-dressed through appropriate grant pro-grams, such as those administered by the Department of Health and Human Services. We must ensure that the grant pro-grams to address the opioid epidemic are appropriately tailored to and ad-ministered by the Federal agencies with expertise in the areas for which they will be awarding funding. Other-wise, we are not fulfilling our duty to use taxpayer dollars efficiently. With that caveat, I support the amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ) for his support in this area and appreciate his willingness to continue to work in this arena. I cer-tainly will continue to do that. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from New Hampshire is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank Congressman G
UINTA for introducing this amendment. As my partner and as co-chair of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic, we ap-preciate his tireless work on this issue. I also want to thank the authors of this important legislation, Congressman S
ENSENBRENNER and Congressman C ON-
YERS , for bringing forward the bill that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.044 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2310 May 12, 2016 
makes such important progress in au-thorizing $103 million annually in grants through the Department of Jus-tice. I am proud of the work that we are accomplishing here together this week. But that being said, we have many areas in which we have an opportunity to improve upon the legislation on the floor. And one of those areas is im-proved assistance for prevention, treat-ment, and lifelong recovery programs. Substance use disorder can be a life-long challenge, and those struggling with this illness need access to the life-long support required, just as we assist those with diabetes or heart disease. This critical amendment makes a simple change that would allow the grants authorized by this legislation to be used for prevention and recovery programs. We must address this crisis in a holistic way that includes efforts to treat addiction and strengthen life-long recovery. I urge my colleagues to pass this critical amendment and to pass the un-derlying legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for his leadership and work in this area. Prevention and recovery is incredibly important as we try to help those who deal with substance abuse challenges and addiction challenges, not just in New Hampshire, but around the coun-try. I would urge again support of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Hampshire (Mr. G
UINTA ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 4, after line 3, insert the following: ‘‘(9) Developing, implementing, or expand-ing a program to prevent and address opioid abuse by veterans.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend from Wisconsin for his leadership on this very important piece of legislation, and the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Com-mittee for working together to bring it to the floor today. The United States is being ravaged by skyrocketing levels of prescription opioid and heroin abuse. This brutal epidemic accounted for more than 28,000 American deaths in 2014. It is de-stroying families and devastating our local communities. Tragically, our Nation’s veteran pop-ulation has been particularly hard-hit by this crisis. Veterans suffer signifi-cantly higher rates of opioid abuse than their civilian counterparts. And according to some estimates, the num-ber of opioid use disorders among vet-erans has increased 55 percent in the past 5 years. Worst of all, the death rate from opioid overdose among vet-erans is nearly double the national av-erage. Clearly our veteran population has a unique set of needs when it comes to dealing with addiction that must be addressed through specialized program-ming. We need meaningful and evi-dence-based solutions, including treat-ment for co-occurring illnesses, such as depression and PTSD. I have been working to help develop those solutions as part of the Bipar-tisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic and by holding a series of roundtables with stakeholders in my district. I strongly believe that the leg-islation we are considering here today is another step forward in that process. Specifically, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act will direct $103 million in Federal funds toward abuse programs focused squarely on ad-dressing the opioid epidemic. By struc-turing this funding as a competitive grant program, the bill provides States and localities with maximum flexi-bility to attack opioid abuse that is unique to their communities. Among other things, States will be able to use the grant funds for various types of anti-opioid programs, includ-ing veteran treatment courts. These specialized courts, which seek to divert veterans away from traditional justice systems and provide them with both treatment and tools for rehabilitation, are certainly worthwhile and should be supported. But it is also my sincere hope that we can reach many veterans who are at risk of opioid or heroin abuse long before they enter our court system in the first place. And that is the goal of my amendment. Specifically, my amendment would expand the list of permissible uses for funds from the newly created Com-prehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Pro-gram to include efforts to develop, im-plement, or expand programs to pre-vent and address opioid abuse by vet-erans. As currently drafted, the legisla-tion permits similar funding for efforts to prevent and address opioid abuse by juveniles. My amendment will simply ensure that the same resources are available to treat our veterans. We have a solemn obligation to stand with our veterans. It is the principle of solidarity. They stood for us; we need to stand for them. Let us keep that commitment today by ensuring that our veterans have the resources and support they need to combat this hor-rible epidemic. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ). Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) for yield-ing and for offering this amendment. The amendment adds a purpose area to the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program established under H.R. 5046, which would allow grantees to use funds awarded under the program to develop, implement, or expand the pro-gram to prevent and address opioid abuse by veterans. I strongly support programs to pro-vide services to our Nation’s veterans, who have done so much to protect our freedom and our way of life. As the gentleman is no doubt aware, the un-derlying bill recognizes that many vet-erans, particularly those who have been wounded in defense of our Nation, in a tragic irony, have become addicted to the medications they were pre-scribed to deal with pain from their wounds of war. And the bill includes provisions supporting Veterans Treat-ment Courts and other mechanisms to provide services to veterans. I would like to work with the gen-tleman going forward as we move to conference with the Senate to stream-line the provisions in my bill with the gentleman’s amendment and to ensure that the bill contains appropriate, non- redundant provisions to protect our Nation’s veterans. I support the amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ) for his work on this important legislation. To close, I simply urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amend-ment to ensure that the funds provided in this legislation can be used for pro-grams that will provide direct assist-ance to our veterans in the fight against opioid and heroin abuse. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition, although I don’t oppose the underlying amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, this amendment would expand the list of eligible grant uses for the new program under H.R. 5046 to include efforts to develop, implement, or ex-pand a program to prevent and address opiate abuse by veterans. This amend-ment would add programs for veterans to prevent and address opiate abuse to the list of grants authorized under H.R. 5046. The bill creates a grant program geared toward addressing opiate abuse. As currently drafted, the bill defines eight areas of uses for which grants may be awarded. This amendment makes clear that veterans programs are among the pur-poses for which the grants may be used. Our veterans have sacrificed for us, and we should take appropriate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.047 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2311 May 12, 2016 
steps to assist those veterans who suf-fer from opiate abuse and heroin abuse. I support this amendment and I en-courage my colleagues to support it. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 4, after line 3, insert the following: ‘‘(9) Developing, implementing, or expand-ing a prescription drug take-back program.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 5046 to include drug take-back programs in the list of funds made available under the bill’s Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program. The Centers for Disease Control re-ports that healthcare providers in the U.S. write 259 million prescriptions for opioids a year, enough for every Amer-ican adult to have their own bottle of pills. In Massachusetts alone, 4.4 million opioid prescriptions, including 240 mil-lion pills, capsules, or tablets were dis-pensed in 2014. Further, nearly half of the people in my State report that it is too easy to get prescription opioids from those who have leftover pills. And the people who share these leftover pills are usually unaware of the signifi-cant dangers that they represent. The National Institute on Drug Abuse reports that nearly 4 in 5 people addicted to heroin say their habit began by misusing prescription medi-cations. Over half of those people re-port they got their prescription pain-killers from a friend or a relative for free. And this includes adolescents. My amendment would help give these people ways to stop their problem be-fore it starts. More than ever, commu-nities need to supply safe disposal serv-ices to their residents to get excess pills out of the hands of people who don’t need them. My amendment would make sure that our communities have access to the resources they need to do so. The American Medical Association recognizes this point in its strong sup-port of drug take-back programs, and the FDA has published information re-garding proper disposal of unused medi-cations as well. When I was a district attorney, I worked with local and State police to combat the flow of drugs coming into our neighborhoods. Yet, as the public supported these efforts to keep dan-gerous drugs off the streets, they didn’t realize that the greatest supply of these dangerous drugs was sitting in their own medicine cabinets. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman GOODLATTE and Chairman S ENSEN -
BRENNER . I also thank my colleagues— Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Dr. R
OEof Tennessee, and Mr. B ERA—for cosponsoring this amendment and join-ing me in this effort to add a common-sense step toward solving this impor-tant public health epidemic. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). I reserve the balance of my time. b1430 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, I ap-preciate the gentleman’s courtesy, and I strongly support everything he just said. We are in a situation today where we have a massive epidemic of opioid abuse. We are prescribing it in un-imaginable volumes, and many times people are getting supplies that are far more than they need. We are finding that young people, in particular, 62 percent of teens who abuse prescription drugs do so because they are easy to get from a parent’s medicine cabinet or from a medicine cabinet of a neighbor or a friend or peo-ple who break into homes. We need to have a systematic effort to be able to safely dispose of drugs. One of the problems in some cases is people are flushing them down the toi-let. As a result, we are finding in our water supply traces of these medica-tions. We are slowly medicating the American population. That itself is ex-traordinarily dangerous, and it is ex-pensive for our water treatment sys-tems. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, I hope this is a first step for us to have a systematic effort at the Federal level to be able to support these important programs to keep it out of the medi-cine cabinets and out of the sewer sys-tems. I have introduced legislation that would provide a tax credit for providers to be able to provide these services. I hope that we can continue this con-versation going forward. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. B
ERA). Mr. BERA. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank my colleagues. I would also like to thank my colleague and fellow physician, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE), for partnering with me on the Dispose Responsibly of your Pills Act, the DROP Act. As a doctor, I have seen firsthand the devastation that misused prescription drugs can have on families. Deb Simp-son, from Sacramento County, shared her family’s story with me. Her son be-came addicted to prescription medica-tions he found in the family’s medicine cabinet. By the time Deb realized what was happening, he was already ad-dicted. Thankfully, through help and rehabilitation facilities, her son recov-ered, but far too many families suffer the tragic loss of a child or a loved one. We can easily prevent this. Let’s make it easier to dispose of medications by supporting this simple amendment. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Massachu-setts (Mr. KEATING ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) for offering this amendment, and I support it. According to the Office of National Drug Control Policy, more Americans are now dying every year from drug overdoses than in car accidents, and a majority of those overdoses involve prescription medications. In 2012, healthcare providers wrote 259 million prescriptions for opioid pain medica-tions, enough for every American adult to have a bottle of pills. In 2010, the House Committee on the Judiciary and Committee on Energy and Commerce shepherded through Congress the Secure and Responsible Drug Disposal Act, which amended the Controlled Substances Act to allow pa-tients to legally return unused or ex-pired prescription drugs to local phar-macies, police stations, and commu-nity drug disposal programs. That same year, the Drug Enforce-ment Administration began hosting National Prescription Drug Take-Back events. At the previous 10 take-back day events, over 5.5 million pounds of unwanted, unneeded, or expired medi-cations were surrendered for safe and proper disposal. On April 27, I was pleased to host, along with Committee on Appropriations Chairman R
OGERS , a drug take-back event here on Capitol Hill. At this year’s National Take-Back Day, held on April 30, Americans dis-posed of more unused prescription drugs than during any of the previous 10 events. The DEA and over 4,200 State, local, and tribal law enforce-ment agencies collected 893,498 pounds of unwanted medicines, about 447 tons, at almost 5,400 sites spread through all 50 States, surpassing the previous high of 390 tons in the spring of 2014. This amendment will allow grant funds to be used to sponsor these im-portant drug take-back events. I urge my colleagues to support the amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.049 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2312 May 12, 2016 
ROTHFUS ), a lead sponsor of this amendment. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman. I also want to thank my colleagues, particularly the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ), my friend, for inviting me to work with him on this important amendment, which adds drug take-back programs to the list of authorized uses under the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program created by this legislation. While prescription drugs can be life-saving when used properly, they can also be harmful and even lethal if they end up in the wrong hands. As recog-nized by Mr. K
EATING , unused prescrip-tion medications can pose a real safety concern and public health risk, par-ticularly in homes with children. These unused drugs can be accidentally in-gested, stolen, or misused, which is why it is absolutely essential that we take appropriate steps to provide both a safe and responsible means of dis-posing of them. This amendment en-sures that Federal grant funds can be used for that purpose. I believe this is a positive step and will offer real benefits in reducing acci-dental overdose deaths. For that rea-son, I urge my colleagues to support this important amendment. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. R
OE), a sponsor of the amendment. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. I thank the chairman for yielding. I rise in support of this amendment. Prescription drug abuse is a growing problem throughout the United States, particularly in east Tennessee, where I live. There is no question that a sig-nificant source of the supply for pre-scription drug abuse is unused prescrip-tions. We need to do everything pos-sible to encourage the safe disposal of drugs that may be ripe for abuse. I worked with the gentleman from California (Mr. B
ERA), my friend, on a bill to establish a grant program to fund programs to help law enforcement agencies, pharmacies, narcotic treat-ment programs, hospitals, clinics, and long-term care facilities to properly dispose of outdated or unused prescrip-tion medications. I am pleased that the passage of this amendment will create a similar funding stream. Currently there are no existing grants available for programs to prop-erly dispose of prescription drugs, and I believe this effort could help curb the widespread prescription drug abuse we are seeing throughout the country. I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 4, after line 3, insert the following: ‘‘(9) Developing, implementing, or expand-ing a program to ensure the security of opioids in medical facilities.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, first, I would like to commend Chairman B
OB G
OODLATTE and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , as well as Mr. C
ONYERS and Mr. J OHNSON , for their effort in bringing this impor-tant bill to the floor. I rise today in support of my amend-ment to H.R. 5046, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act of 2016. Mr. Chairman, my amendment, if adopted, will allow grants authorized under the underlying bill to provide for developing, implementing, or expand-ing programs to ensure security and custody of opioids at medical facilities. The issue of abuse of prescription painkillers is not a new one, but the rise of this epidemic has really been fueled by the increased strength of and proliferation of these addictive drugs. It is well documented that the road to the use and abuse of an illicit opioid drug like heroin frequently begins with the legitimate use or diverted use of prescription opioid painkillers like OxyContin or Vicodin. Through a variety of ways, these powerful drugs end up in the hands of individuals struggling with their dis-ease. One of the most frequent ways that these drugs make it to the street is after they have been stolen from a medical facility in which they are stored for legitimate use. In the wake of our nationwide pre-scription drug abuse epidemic, these drug diversion crimes have increased across the country. I will give you a few examples, but there are many. At a Georgia hospital, according to the Georgia Board of Pharmacy con-sent order, a theft scheme lasted for more than 4 years and diverted more than 1 million doses of controlled drugs. In my own district at home, two nurses at the Massachusetts General Hospital diverted nearly 16,000 pills, mostly OxyContin, resulting in the hospital paying a $2.3 million fine. In New York, a doctor stole 200,000 pills of oxycodone with a $5.6 million street value. In Utah, at the Utah VA, a phar-macist there stole 7,000 units of pre-scription drugs for sale on the street. I am not criticizing these institu-tions. I am merely underscoring that the addictive nature and the power of these drugs is really driving these crimes. I am just trying to underscore that there is a need to address the drug diversion issue. The Controlled Substances Act re-quires that registrants notify the Drug Enforcement Agency in writing of a theft or significant loss of any con-trolled substance, but we need to try to prevent the diversion of these drugs and work together to improve and strengthen the systems in place to deter the thefts that put these addicts in this position and put the addictive drugs on the street. If adopted, my amendment will help do that. My amendment will give States and local governments the re-sources to work with their hospitals and community health centers, physi-cian clinics, and treatment facilities to identify areas in which they can im-prove the security and custody of these prescription drugs. By regularly re-viewing best practices and updating protocols and existing systems, we can keep these drugs secure and save some lives in the process. The Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the cities I represent and others across the country are combating this effort from all sides. My amendment is another tool in the toolbox. Quite sim-ply, we need to do everything we can to keep these drugs off the street. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I first want to commend the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ) for his support of this under-lying bill and for his sincere desire to improve the bill. While I appreciate that desire to en-sure that opioids are secured appro-priately in medical facilities, that is the responsibility of the Drug Enforce-ment Administration, and there are al-ready rigorous standards in place to ensure this. So I must oppose the amendment as being duplicative and causing waste of resources and divert-ing some of the resources provided under this bill from some of the other good purposes that are already pro-vided for in the bill. The amendment creates a new grant purpose area for developing, implementing, or expand-ing a program to ensure the security of opioids in medical facilities. The DEA regulations set forth exten-sive physical security requirements for the transportation, storage, and dis-pensing of opioids and other narcotic prescription drugs. The DEA regula-tions also place tight restrictions on which individuals can access and han-dle these drugs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.052 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2313 May 12, 2016 
The responsibility for regulating and enforcing the rules governing the dis-tribution and storage of schedule II and schedule III narcotics, including opioids, lies with the DEA, and it is not a task that can be undertaken by a grant recipient through the program created by H.R. 5046. For these reasons, I must oppose the amendment; although, I would say to the gentleman that, if he would like to withdraw the amendment, as we move to conference with the Senate, I would be happy to undertake his concerns and see if there was some other way to work to incorporate them into the bill that we ultimately send to the Presi-dent’s desk. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I have great respect for the gentleman from Virginia, and I applaud him on the great work he has done here. However, I started up an adolescent rehab center because of the huge problem I have got in my district with young people. I un-derstand this bill is focused on vet-erans as well. That is another very vul-nerable population, with our folks com-ing back after multiple tours, but I really feel strongly about the need for securing these opioids. I have got a lot of hospitals in my district. We are having problems with the clinics and hospitals. This is really a problem that we all own and not just the DEA. So I would have to insist on my amendment and ask Members to support it. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 2 minutes re-maining. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b1445 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHN-
SON). Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Lynch amendment. It expands the list of eligible grant uses for the grant pro-gram created by H.R. 5046 to include programs that ensure the security of opioids in medical facilities. This amendment would add programs that ensure the security of opioids in medical facilities to the list of grant uses authorized under H.R. 5046. Main-taining opioids securely in medical fa-cilities protects the public by helping to ensure that the drugs will not fall into the hands of individuals who will use them or sell them improperly or il-legally. If State or local governments wish to take steps to better secure these facili-ties, grant funding under this program should be available to them. Therefore, I support the amendment. Mr. LYNCH. In closing, Mr. Chair-man, there is a gap out there in terms of the security and custody of these opioids within medical facilities. I am trying my best, just as the chairman is trying his best, to address the problem that we have in our districts. It is a real problem. So it is a great bill. There is just this one gap, and I am trying to close that. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. I appreciate the gentleman’s dedica-tion to the issue. However, according to the DEA, the vast majority of diver-sion does not occur because employees are stealing drugs from hospitals or distribution centers. The vast majority of diversion occurs through the over-prescribing of opioid pain medication. Is this amendment intended to pre-vent pharmacy robberies? Who is the grantee that the gentleman believes will be able to do what this amendment contemplates? Given the limited resources avail-able, I very strongly believe grantees must use their money for the most ap-propriate and efficient purposes avail-able and not for a purpose that is al-ready covered by the strict regulations administered by a Federal agency. So I oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . ISRAEL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 7, strike lines 3 through 7, and insert the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3024. EQUITABLE DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS. 
‘‘In awarding grants under this part, the Attorney General shall ensure equitable dis-tribution of funds based on the following: ‘‘(1) The geographic distribution of grants under this part, taking into consideration the needs of underserved populations, includ-ing rural and tribal communities. ‘‘(2) The needs of communities to address the problems related to opioid abuse, taking into consideration the prevalence of opioid abuse and overdose-related death in a com-munity.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentleman from New York (Mr. I
SRAEL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer a commonsense, bipar-tisan amendment that I think will have significant impact on the Com-prehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Pro-gram. I want to thank the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ) and the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ) for working with me on this. This amendment basically would di-rect the Attorney General, when awarding grants, to consider the preva-lence of opioid abuse and opioid-related overdoses in a community. The underlying legislation already properly ensures an equitable geo-graphic distribution of funds. This amendment simply makes sure that the areas hardest hit by the epidemic are getting the resources that they need. I happen to represent Suffolk County on Long Island in New York. We have suffered with more opioid and related deaths than any other county in my State. Between 2009 and 2013, 334 people lost their lives to heroin or opioids. By comparison, Brooklyn, which has 1 mil-lion more residents, had only one-half the number of opioid deaths in the same time. Treatment admissions for opioid ad-diction on Long Island rose from 12,887 in 2010 to 16,681 in 2014. That is a 29 per-cent increase. These are percentages and statistics, Mr. Chairman, and all of us in this body know how this epidemic is affecting real lives. Just over 2 weeks ago I met with stu-dents from Half Hollow Hills High School West’s One World Youth Orga-nization. I met with a young woman named Alexa Wasser. She shared with me that her brother, Zachary Wasser, died of an overdose in January at 23 years old. He was friendly. He was outgoing. He loved to spend time with his family. He was a good kid who got caught up in an epidemic that is impacting way too many Long Island families and way too many American families, so much so that they have nicknamed the Long Is-land Expressway the ‘‘Heroin High-way.’’ Mr. Chairman, for the sake of the Wassers and for the hundreds of Long Island families whose lives have changed forever, I urge support for my amendment and I urge passage of the underlying bill. I again want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their cooperation and support for this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition even though I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, as we have said repeatedly, the opioid epi-demic affects every Member’s district, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.054 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2314 May 12, 2016 
every region of our country, and every socioeconomic level. In order to ensure these grants are dispensed broadly, as is needed, the un-derlying bill includes language requir-ing the Attorney General to also con-sider the needs of rural and tribal com-munities in making grants. This amendment builds upon that re-quirement by directing the Attorney General to also consider the prevalence of opioid abuse and overdose-related deaths in a community. This is a good amendment which will help ensure these grant funds reach across the Na-tion and are directed where they will help the most. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ), a strong supporter of this amendment and the underlying pur-pose. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my colleague’s amendment to this important bill. This amendment would make sure that rural and tribal areas receive the funding they need to combat the grow-ing drug use epidemic. My district is very rural. My district also has two of the five counties in the entire State that have the highest rates of unintentional painkiller overdoses. In 2014, Oklahoma had the 10th high-est drug overdose rate in the Nation and more people died from uninten-tional overdoses than in car crashes. Rural areas have some of the highest overdose death rates in the entire country, and this is a growing epi-demic. We must ensure that these rural areas are getting the tools they need. This is why I am offering this amend-ment with my colleagues, Mr. I
SRAEL  and Mr. M
CKINLEY , to ensure that rural and tribal areas receive the proper Fed-eral drug abuse prevention efforts they deserve. I urge all my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I again want to commend the chairman, the gentleman from Oklahoma, and the gentleman from West Virginia for their cooperation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. I
SRAEL ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MS . CLARK OF  
MASSACHUSETTS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of the bill the following: SEC. 6. GAO STUDY AND REPORT ON DEPART-MENT OF JUSTICE PROGRAMS AND RESEARCH RELATIVE TO SUB-STANCE USE AND SUBSTANCE USE DISORDERS AMONG ADOLESCENTS AND YOUNG ADULTS. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on how the Department of Justice, through grant programs, is addressing prevention of, treatment for, and recovery from substance use by and substance use disorders among adolescents and young adults. Such study shall include an analysis of each of the fol-lowing: (1) The research that has been, and is being, conducted or supported pursuant to grant programs operated by the Department of Justice on prevention of, treatment for, and recovery from substance use by and sub-stance use disorders among adolescents and young adults, including an assessment of— (A) such research relative to any unique circumstances (including social and biologi-cal circumstances) of adolescents and young adults that may make adolescent-specific and young adult-specific treatment protocols necessary, including any effects that sub-stance use and substance use disorders may have on brain development and the implica-tions for treatment and recovery; and (B) areas of such research in which greater investment or focus is necessary relative to other areas of such research. (2) Department of Justice non-research programs and activities that address preven-tion of, treatment for, and recovery from substance use by and substance use disorders among adolescents and young adults, includ-ing an assessment of the effectiveness of such programs and activities in preventing substance use by and substance use disorders among adolescents and young adults, treat-ing such adolescents and young adults in a way that accounts for any unique cir-cumstances faced by adolescents and young adults, and supports long term recovery among adolescents and young adults. (3) Gaps that have been identified by offi-cials of the Department of Justice or experts in the efforts supported by grant programs operated by the Department of Justice relat-ing to prevention of, treatment for, and re-covery from substance use by and substance use disorders among adolescents and young adults, including gaps in research, data col-lection, and measures to evaluate the effec-tiveness of such efforts, and the reasons for such gaps. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the appro-priate committees of the Congress a report containing the results of the study con-ducted under subsection (a), including— (1) a summary of the findings of the study; and (2) recommendations based on the results of the study, including recommendations for such areas of research and legislative and ad-ministrative action as the Comptroller Gen-eral determines appropriate. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Massachusetts. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gen-tleman from Virginia for his work and leadership on the underlying bill. We know that addiction does not wait until adulthood. A majority of adults in substance use treatment start using before turning 18. My amendment would direct the GAO to study research and programs carried out by the Department of Justice and its grantees and report on those pro-grams’ findings and work regarding substance use and substance use dis-orders among adolescents and young adults. The amendment would require GAO to report on any gaps in the research around adolescent and young adult substance use that have been identified by experts or Department of Justice of-ficials. We need to understand what extended opioid use means for young brains and how it affects development and growth. We also need to understand how early exposure to opioids might change young people’s needs with respect to treatment and support on the road to recovery. I would like to tell you about a con-stituent of mine named Chip. Chip was an athlete. He excelled at hockey and baseball. Playing sports was extremely important to him. But then, in eighth grade, he started drinking. Shortly after, drugs entered the picture, and Chip stopped caring about everything. As a young husband and father by the time he was 22, Chip always felt like something was missing. Anytime there was a problem, Chip reached for drugs as a solution. He received two OUIs in 1 year. He lost his license. He lost his family. He overdosed on heroin and be-came homeless. The addiction ruined his life and dev-astated anyone who cared for him. It was only when serving a jail sentence for a third OUI that Chip finally heard a recovering addict who came to speak to inmates, and for some reason he connected. Chip has been in recovery and has been clean and sober for 7 years. He works today as a recovery coach in my district, walking together with others with substance use disorder on the long road to recovery and a future. We owe it to young adults like Chip who were successful, ambitious, and energetic before opioids to understand what happened to them and how we can prevent it from happening to other adolescents and young adults. We owe it to them to understand how to help them seek and gain effective treat-ment. The more information we can collect about how addiction begins in adoles-cents and how to treat young adults, the clearer we can see where there are gaps in our understanding and the bet-ter chance we have of combating this horrific epidemic. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chair-man, I ask unanimous consent to claim time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.057 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2315 May 12, 2016 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Wisconsin is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentlewoman for of-fering this amendment. The amendment directs the Govern-ment Accountability Office to study and report on Justice Department pro-grams and research relative to sub-stance abuse and substance use dis-orders among adolescents and young adults. I share the gentlewoman’s desire for additional information on the pro-grams available to combat the opioid epidemic. This is an appropriate piece of the legislative package. Having said that, I am concerned that, as drafted, the amendment re-quires the GAO to study things DOJ might not be doing and does not have the expertise to do so effectively. Specifically, the amendment directs the GAO to study and report on DOJ programs relative to substance abuse and substance use disorders by adoles-cents with no nexus to the criminal justice system. I do not oppose the amendment, but I would like to work with the gentle-woman going forward to ensure the provisions of the amendment are ap-propriately tailored to the responsibil-ities and programs within the Justice Department’s jurisdiction. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I am grateful to the gen-tleman from Wisconsin not only for the support of this amendment, but for all the work and leadership he has shown around this issue. We look forward to working with him to make sure this amendment is tai-lored to meet the needs of the under-lying bill and to be in line with the De-partment of Justice’s work and re-search. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentlewoman for her offer of working together. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ). The amendment was agreed to. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) having assumed the chair, Mr. W
ESTMORELAND , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 5046) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the At-torney General to make grants to as-sist State and local governments in ad-dressing the national epidemic of opioid abuse, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. f 
b1500 COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  P
ELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
APRIL 21, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: Pursuant to section 451 of the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act (Pub. L. 113–128), I am pleased to appoint Mr. James T. Brett of Massachusetts to the National Council on Disability. Thank you for your consideration of this appointment. Sincerely, N
ANCY PELOSI , House Democratic Leader. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1540 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
OLD) at 3 o’clock and 40 minutes p.m. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 12, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 12, 2016 at 3:18 p.m.: That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 2028. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
COMPREHENSIVE OPIOID ABUSE REDUCTION ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 720 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5046. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
ESTMORELAND ) kindly resume the chair. b1541 IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5046) to amend the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to au-thorize the Attorney General to make grants to assist State and local govern-ments in addressing the national epi-demic of opioid abuse, and for other purposes, with Mr. W
ESTMORELAND  (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. When the Committee of the Whole rose ear-lier today, amendment No. 11 printed in part B of House Report 114–551 of-fered by the gentlewoman from Massa-chusetts (Ms. C
LARK ) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 190, noes 225, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 186] AYES—190 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.059 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2316 May 12, 2016 
McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rokita Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOES—225 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—18 
Bilirakis Duncan (SC) Fattah Fincher Garamendi Hastings Herrera Beutler Huffman LaMalfa Latta Maloney, Sean Mooney (WV) Nolan Pelosi Pitts Titus Webster (FL) Whitfield 
b1602 Messrs. ABRAHAM, CARTER of Georgia, RICE of South Carolina, BISHOP of Michigan, Mrs. ROBY, and Mr. KING of Iowa changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 186, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Nay.’’ The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. W
ESTMORELAND , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 5046) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the At-torney General to make grants to as-sist State and local governments in ad-dressing the national epidemic of opioid abuse, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 720, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. MR. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by 5-minute votes on mo-tions to suspend the rules with regard to H.R. 1818 and H.R. 4586. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 413, nays 5, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 187] YEAS—413 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.019 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2317 May 12, 2016 
Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—5 
Amash Brooks (AL) Gohmert Massie Sanford 
NOT VOTING—15 
Fattah Fincher Garamendi Hastings Herrera Beutler Latta Maloney, Sean Mooney (WV) Nolan Norcross Pitts Scott, David Titus Webster (FL) Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1611 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VETERAN EMERGENCY MEDICAL TECHNICIAN SUPPORT ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1818) to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to States to streamline State require-ments and procedures for veterans with military emergency medical training to become civilian emergency medical technicians, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 415, nays 1, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 188] YEAS—415 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—17 
Amodei Cramer Diaz-Balart Fattah Fincher Garamendi Hastings Herrera Beutler Latta Maloney, Sean Mooney (WV) Nolan Pitts Titus Walker Webster (FL) Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1618 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
LALI’S LAW The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4586) to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants to States for developing standing or-ders and educating health care profes-sionals regarding the dispensing of opioid overdose reversal medication without person-specific prescriptions, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.022 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2318 May 12, 2016 
and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 415, nays 4, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 189] YEAS—415 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—4 
Amash Brooks (AL) Massie Sanford 
NOT VOTING—14 
Fattah Fincher Garamendi Hastings Herrera Beutler Latta Maloney, Sean Mooney (WV) Nolan Pitts Sa´nchez, Linda T. Titus Webster (FL) Whitfield 
b1625 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained for voting on Thursday, May 12th, Had I been present and voting, I would have voted accordingly: ‘‘Aye’’ on rollcall No. 186 (Lynch Amendment to H.R. 5046); ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall No. 187 (Final Passage of H.R. 5046); ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall No. 188 (Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 1818, Veteran Emer-gency Medical Technician Support Act of 2016); and ‘‘aye; on rollcall No. 189 (Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 4586, Lali’s Law). REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 524, COMPREHENSIVE ADDIC-TION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–564) on the resolution (H. Res. 725) providing for consideration of the bill (S. 524) to au-thorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
PERMISSION TO FILE SUPPLE-MENTAL REPORT ON H.R. 4909, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to file a supplemental report on the bill, H.R. 4909. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. A
BRAHAM ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE REINSTATE-MENT OF MILITARY BURIAL HONORS TO THE WASP (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as the sponsor of the bill that awarded the Congressional Gold Medal to the Women Airforce Service Pilots, known as WASP, I applaud the passage by the House and Senate of legislation that will reinstate burial rights at Arling-ton National Cemetery to these women pioneers. I would like to congratulate my dear friend and colleague Congresswoman M
ARTHA MCSALLY , sitting right in front of me, the first woman pilot in the U.S. Air Force to fly combat mis-sions, who led this effort. I am humbled to represent a diverse south Florida community, home to some of these women trailblazers, like Ruth Shafer Fleisher, Shirley Kruse, and Bee Haydu, as well as the late Frances Rohrer Sargent and Helen Wyatt Snapp. I am so glad that we helped to bring them back their right to lay at Arlington Cemetery if they wish to do so. I am truly honored, Mr. Speaker, to have joined Congresswoman M
CSALLY , and I thank those who joined us in this valiant effort. 
f 
b1630 GOVERNMENT TRANSPARENCY (Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.070 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2319 May 12, 2016 
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I rise as a proud daughter to talk about a matter of government transparency. The families of those who lost their lives on September 11th and all Ameri-cans deserve to know who was behind these terrible, horrific terrorist at-tacks. I believe some of those answers can be found in the 28 classified pages from the joint inquiry into the attacks—28 pages my father, Senator Bob Graham, has been advocating for the release of for 12 years. I have read the 28 pages. My father has read the 28 pages. Some of my col-leagues in the Congress have read the 28 pages; yet, still today, the American people aren’t able to read them. As elected officials, we answer to the people. Adlai Stevenson said it best: ‘‘As citizens of this democracy, you are the rulers and the ruled, the lawgivers and the law-abiders, the beginning and the end.’’ Mr. Speaker, no one has been able to answer the question of why is it nec-essary to continue to hide the truth from the public, so it is time to allow all Americans to read the 28 pages and make up their own minds, as is their American right. 
f 
CMS ON STATE EXCHANGES (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, thanks to a report by the House Energy and Com-merce Committee, we now know that a top CMS official misled Congress dur-ing a hearing that was investigating wasted funds on ObamaCare State ex-changes. I have the report right here in my hand. When ObamaCare was enacted, the President freely gave taxpayer money to States to establish these State ex-changes. Since then, exchanges in Or-egon, New Mexico, Hawaii, Nevada, among others, have failed and billions of taxpayer dollars have been squan-dered. I think I speak for the American taxpayer when I ask: Where is all the leftover money? My legislation, H.R. 4262, addresses this problem by establishing a plan to recoup Federal funds and, most impor-tantly, protect American taxpayers from having to pay back the balance. Clearly, State exchanges are a mess if a CMS administrator cannot speak correctly or accurately on them. Faulty State exchanges are not going away. It is a problem that is only just beginning, and it is going to get worse. I thank the committee for their in-vestigation, and I urge my colleagues to support my legislation, the Trans-parency and Accountability of Failed Exchanges Act. 
f 
CONGRATULATING HAROLD HAYES (Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-sylvania asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize one of my constituents, Harold Hayes, who is retiring after more than 35 years in broadcasting in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Harold has a lifelong connection to the city of Pittsburgh. Born in McKees-port, Harold went on to graduate from South Hills High School and then from the University of Pittsburgh. He joined KDKA-TV as a reporter in 1979, and he has been there ever since, providing the people of southwestern Pennsylvania with solid, objective re-porting about the news that matters to them. There is no doubt that Harold Hayes has served as Pittsburgh’s reporter throughout his many years with KDKA. I want to commend Harold for his contributions to our community, congratulate him on his retirement, and wish him all the best as he begins the next phase of his life. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize one of my constituents, Harold Hayes, who’s retir-ing after more than thirty-five years in broad-casting in Pittsburgh, PA. Harold has a lifelong connection to the City of Pittsburgh. Born in McKeesport, Harold went on to graduate from South Hills High School and then from the University of Pitts-burgh in 1975 with a Bachelor’s degree in Speech and Communications. After gradua-tion, Harold worked as a research assistant in the ‘‘Reading is Fundamental’’ program, spon-sored by the Urban League of Pittsburgh. In August of 1979, Harold joined KDKA–TV as a reporter, and he’s been there ever since, providing the people of southwestern Pennsyl-vania with solid, objective reporting about the news that matters to them. Since joining the station, Harold has covered everything from military operations in the Middle East to land-mark local court cases. He has amassed an impressive portfolio of overseas coverage, in-cluding reporting on Operation Desert Shield in Saudi Arabia in 1990, the government of Kuwait’s memorial to the local lives lost during Operation Desert Storm in 1993, and the fu-neral of Pope John Paul II in 2005. Yet his touch has really been felt locally, not only reporting on the day-to-day lives of Pittsburghers, but even making sure to follow up on stories that made headlines years ago. For example, he covered the 1981 court de-segregation order that resulted in the creation of the Woodland Hills School District. Twenty years later, he found one of the students he had interviewed back then, and discovered that the former student now had a child who was about to graduate from Woodland Hills as well. It is this type of dedication and compas-sion that has distinguished Harold from most other reporters in Pittsburgh for years. Harold has covered both tragedy and tri-umph, as well as the personal stories of work-ing people, Presidents, and protesters all with equal grace, fairness, compassion, and his special dry sense of humor. Harold brings both humility and perspective to his work every day, and because of that, has remained a consummate professional throughout his 37 years of work. He represents that high level of personal integrity and the demanding work ethic that characterize the people of South-western Pennsylvania. There is no doubt that Harold Hayes has served as ‘‘Pittsburgh’s Re-porter’’ throughout his many years with KDKA. We will miss Harold’s presence on the air. Harold represents the best that there is in broadcast journalism, and he will be recog-nized for his contributions by the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences in September when he will receive a Lifetime Achievement Award at a ceremony in Phila-delphia, PA. Harold’s commitment to our community ex-tends far beyond his career as a newsman. He has also become a spokesperson for the Negro Educational Emergency Fund (NEED), and he created a scholarship in his mother’s name for local students. In addition, he helps raise money for the Rev. J. Harold Hayes Scholarship, named for his late father, a former pastor of Bethlehem Baptist Church in McKeesport. I want to commend Harold for his contribu-tions to our community, congratulate him on his retirement, and wish him all the best as he begins the next phase of his life. f 
OPIOID ADDICTION (Ms. M
CSALLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, opioid addiction is an epidemic that is tearing our communities apart. This devasta-tion is acutely felt by families in southern Arizona, many of whom know all too well the pain of losing a loved one to an overdose. Nobody, no family, is immune. A recent analysis showed that Pima County, which I represent, has an over-dose rate twice as high as any other county in Arizona, which had the 10th highest rate in the Arizona. Southern Arizona’s close proximity to the border exacerbates this problem, as more and more opioids come flowing into our communities. Reports show that, between 2010 and 2015, heroin sei-zures spiked by more than 300 percent. Too many lives have been ruined by the tragic consequences of opioid abuse, which is why we must act. This week the House is voting on 18 bills that take steps such as launching medication and treatment intervention programs, expanding resources to evi-dence-based incarceration alternatives, and increasing the availability of life-saving overdose reversal drugs. These are many important first steps to stopping the rise of opioid addiction, and I pledge to continue working to ad-dress this very grave and urgent issue. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate National Police Week and to honor police officers killed in the line of duty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.073 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2320 May 12, 2016 
Sobering stories of everyday heroes lost in the line of duty led me to intro-duce H.R. 2350, Children of Fallen He-roes Scholarship Act, along with my fellow Pennsylvania colleague, Con-gressman M
IKEFITZPATRICK . This is a commonsense bill that would ease the financial burden of fam-ilies of fallen law enforcement as well as other first responders by increasing Federal student aid opportunities for those children to pursue a college edu-cation. Every child should have a fair oppor-tunity to pursue a college degree, espe-cially those who have suffered the un-imaginable loss of a parent in the line of duty. I commend the Senate for passing our companion bill earlier this week, and I call upon the House to pass our bill immediately. 
f 
DECLASSIFY DOCUMENTS (Mr. JONES asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Senator B
OBGRAHAM of Florida for taking the national lead to declas-sify the 28 pages about 9/11, when so many Americans were killed. The in-formation is critical to the freedom of America. Representatives L
YNCH , MASSIE , and myself have introduced H. Res. 14. We have over 54 colleagues in both parties who have joined us to say to President Obama: You have the authority—you don’t even need Congress—to declassify this information. You promised the 9/11 families that you would do this. Mr. President, keep your promise to the 9/11 families who are in so much pain. Keep your promise to the Amer-ican people and let the American peo-ple know the truth about 9/11. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair reminds Members to address their remarks to the Chair. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CARL WHITMARSH (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is a special privilege to be able to come to the floor and acknowledge the gi-ants that live among us. Today I want to honor a giant in my community, the 18th Congressional District, which I have the privilege of representing. That giant’s name is Carl Whitmarsh. If one were to think of those like Franklin Delano Roosevelt, John F. Kennedy, William Jefferson Clinton, President Obama, and many other lead-ers who invested in America, you would think of Carl Whitmarsh. He invested in the process of democ-racy. He invested, yes, in the Demo-cratic Party because he was known as a democratic activist, but he had a sin-cere heart, being one of the members of the Texas Young Democrats. But in the course of being a demo-cratic person and an activist, Carl worked with one of the first African Americans to integrate the Young Democrats in the name of Doris Hub-bard. They worked together to say that, in this Nation, we are all equal. Yes, he was feisty. He was strong. He made us stand up and acknowledge our responsibilities of service. We lost him this past weekend. I want to thank Mr. and Mrs. Schlett for the great work that they have done to answer his need in the place he lived. I thank the Schletts for all they have done. Let me thank all of his friends for all they have done. Certainly, he was a friend of Hillary Clinton. He was a friend of mine and a friend of those who now mourn him. So among those of us who count our-selves as activists, let me simply say that he was a public servant and he be-lieved in helping people. Let me also give my sympathy to the Oak Forest Area Democrats and all of his friends and family. Because we know that not only is a voice of democ-racy silenced, but we realize that a per-son who loved all of us and loved life and was willing to share—that person is Carl Whitmarsh. May he rest in peace. We have lost you, but not your spirit, your memory, and your legacy. f 
PLANNING 2.0 (Mrs. LUMMIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, today in the Natural Resources Committee here in the House we heard testimony about how the Bureau of Land Management’s Planning 2.0 rule might affect counties around this country that are dealing with Federal lands in their districts. FLPMA, which is the Federal Land Policy Management Act, is a law that was designed to give local government a lot of input especially in counties where there is a tremendous amount of Federal land. We heard today from counties that have 90 to 95 percent of their land owned by the Federal Government. They need input into what is going on in their districts. FLPMA con-templated that. For Planning 2.0, the new proposed rule to change that and perhaps elimi-nate some opportunities for local gov-ernments to have input into Federal land management decisions would be a huge mistake. I ask the Bureau of Land Manage-ment to extend the time beyond the 30 days they granted and allow 180 days for the time that local governments and other stakeholders are allowed to respond to the proposed new rule. 
f 
REACHING OUT TO CONSTITUENTS (Mr. MEEKS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, as I often do, I reached out to my constituents to find out what issues are most impor-tant to them. I sent out a survey, and thousands re-sponded. The top three issues on the minds of folks back home are afford-able housing, gun control, and police- community relations. In every Congress since I have been here, I have pushed to raise funding for HUD and NYCHA so that we can ren-ovate housing and increase both the amount of section 8 vouchers and af-fordable housing units in New York City and this country. On gun control, I have cosponsored nearly every gun violence prevention bill in Congress, and I will continue to stand up to the NRA and the rest of the gun lobby. I am keenly aware of the need to im-prove police-community relations. We need to force an honest dialogue with police and the communities they serve. So to the folks back home, I want to reassure you I hear you loudly and clearly and I will continue to stay fo-cused on the issues most important to you. Thank you for participating in the survey we sent out. I will continue to fight for you, as I always have. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair reminds Members to address their remarks to the Chair. f 
OPIOID ADDICTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, for what feels like the first time this year, the House got to work on something that would genu-inely help millions of Americans: ad-dressing the opioid crisis. My home State of New Jersey is a perfect example of this epidemic in both reach and financial impact. Four of every five new heroin users started their drug abuse addictions with a pre-scription opioid. By one estimate, New Jersey is now home to more than 128,000 heroin addicts. b1645 In the past 10 years, heroin has claimed 5,000 lives in my State, and we fall just short of the top 10 in the per-cent of healthcare costs we use on those suffering with opioid addiction. Opioids, both heroin and prescription painkillers, are driving the national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.074 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2321 May 12, 2016 
crisis of lethal overdose, with more than 60 percent of these deaths attrib-uted to opiate abuse. Many have called this an epidemic, and they are absolutely right. It de-serves our attention, and I applaud the bipartisan work we have done this week. But while we have taken a few vital steps, there are two very important things that I need my colleagues to un-derstand. First, that although we have newly and rightly chosen to show those dealing with opioid addiction compas-sion and clemency, the only thing new about the addiction epidemic is its face. The greatest spikes have been among White, suburban Americans, for whom we are opening doors for treatment, re-habilitation, and alternatives to incar-ceration. Meanwhile, communities of color have watched families arrested, con-victed, and imprisoned for decades over nonviolent drug offenses. African Americans are three to four times more likely to be arrested for drug crimes, and when these offenders go be-hind bars instead of to treatment beds, it breaks families and has lasting, dev-astating impacts on both families and communities. We have now begun to take an evi-dence-based approach to drug abuse, one that recognizes that arrest and long prison terms come at great cost and zero benefit. It is something that we should have done a long time ago. But now that we recognize the flawed policies of the past, we need to turn a critical eye to the victims of the older paradigm and offer them the doors to rehabilitation that we have created for today’s offenders. There is a second vital step here, Mr. Speaker, without which all of our bi-partisanship today would be meaning-less. We have authorized a variety of measures that have the potential to stop the advance of the opioid crisis, but without funding and continued re-view, our work will be worthless. States and local municipalities need new resources to combat this crisis if we are going to make any kind of dif-ference. That is why my Democratic colleagues put forward a proposal that will provide $600 million in new funds specifically to fight opioids and heroin. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle voted to block that proposal, which makes me concerned that they assume that the handful of authoriza-tions we have worked on will be enough. With 78 Americans dying from opioid overdose every day, the American peo-ple cannot afford for us to wash our hands of this issue without providing the resources necessary to halt this epidemic for all of those that are af-fected. We need to keep pushing for-ward. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ), the honorable chairman of our Progressive Caucus. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I also want to lend my voice to hers as I stand here before you to say that I was happy to vote for the legislation ad-dressing opioid addiction today; sad that Republicans didn’t support Demo-cratic initiatives, but overall happy with the work that has been done on this this week. I know many people fighting opioid addiction. It is debilitating. It is heart-breaking in the lives that it has ruined. And I think that though the steps we took today were positive, we could have taken more. Mr. Speaker, I would like to reflect upon an issue that is related to this, but give a little historic perspective because I think that Congress’ response to opioid addiction has, I think, in the main, been commendable. Unfortunately, if it were 20 years ago today, in the mid 1990s, perhaps the re-sponse of Congress then to crack co-caine was very different. The response to crack cocaine was massive incarceration. The effect of the crack cocaine epidemic was mas-sive blanketing of police in certain neighborhoods, front-end loaders in poor neighborhoods. I hope that what this more humane, more medical-oriented response to drug addiction represents is America learning how to deal with drug addic-tion because I think a more cynical person, not me, might say that because crack cocaine was associated with peo-ple who were African Americans, a more harsh, police-oriented, prison-ori-ented response was warranted and tol-erable; and because opioid is more broad and affects the majority commu-nity as well, that a more reasoned re-sponse is warranted. Thinking about people like Kemba Smith, who got 24 years in prison when she was a student at Hampton Univer-sity. She never touched 1 gram of crack cocaine; had a boyfriend who was a drug dealer. He housed some drugs in her house. She got convicted, ended up getting 24 years in prison. Thank goodness President Clinton gave her a commutation, but ruined her life. We now have about 2.4 million people in prison, many of them for nonviolent drug offenses, many who were arrested and given an enormous amount of time in the crack cocaine wars of the 1990s. I hope that the enlightened approach that we have now, which is not marked with helicopters and front-end loaders and all types of weaponry, literally militarizing Black neighborhoods across the United States back in the 1990s—I am glad that that is not the re-sponse we have taken this time. I hope it means we have learned something, but I hope it also means that we go back and ask ourselves if some of the exorbitant sentences that people got, life sentences in some cases, 10 years, 20 years, we revisit these; we look at mandatory minimums for some of these offenders; that we look at how we have exploded massive prison rates all around crack, even though, in my opin-ion, crack and powder cocaine are basi-cally the difference between ice and water. They are essentially the same chemical. We incarcerate one much more se-verely than the other. One is used pre-dominantly by Whites; the other, more Blacks are found in possession of it, and the rates of incarceration are dra-matically different. This Congress corrected a grievous injustice where we punished crack co-caine 100 times more severely than we did powder. We changed that to 18 times more. That is improvement; it is not equality. But I hope that today, the way we dealt with opioids, which I supported and I voted for—because I do believe that we do need to have more of a med-ical approach to drug addiction than the militarized, police-oriented, incar-ceration-oriented measure that we have used in the past—I hope that this new way of dealing with drug addiction is an advance in our understanding rather than a reflection of who is being hurt. I think that if we really want to dem-onstrate that it is a reflection of what we have learned, then we have some unfinished business to achieve because there are still a lot of people who are dealing with the vestiges of mass incar-ceration and the war on crack cocaine. Let me also just say that I remember being a young criminal defense lawyer in Minnesota, and I remember being in court when a courageous young judge named Pam Alexander, an African American female, found that the dif-ference between powder and crack co-caine sentencing was not warranted by the facts or the evidence; in fact, amounted to an equal protection viola-tion under the Minnesota constitution. To the credit of the Minnesota State Supreme Court, they upheld her ruling, but Pam Alexander paid a heavy toll for her courageous judicial work be-cause she was nominated to be a Fed-eral district judge. That was blocked by people who wanted to maintain the status quo, and she never got to be a Federal district court judge. Now, she is still a distinguished jour-nalist, to the pride of us all; but, you know, just showing that some people went to prison for this and others had their careers limited because of their willingness to speak up against these equal protection problems. So I just hope that today represents advancing our understanding rather than just the different treatment that different people historically have re-ceived in our country. I definitely feel that I was proud to vote for the four measures today and enjoyed the debate and definitely was— my heart was in sync with all of my colleagues when they were talking about some of the very horrific prob-lems that people suffer from opioid ad-diction. I am right there with them and my heart is right there with them and my mind is right there with them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.076 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2322 May 12, 2016 
But I cannot get it out of my head about how differently we dealt with the crack epidemic. According to the Cen-ter for Disease Control, Blacks and Whites use crack about the same rate. And yet, there were whole jurisdictions in this country where there was lit-erally no White person being charged with crack possession, and there were African Americans getting 5 years for a few grams, 10 years for a few more, and their lives absolutely devastated be-cause of it. I mentioned 2.4 million Americans behind bars. Much of this is driven by the war on drugs. There are 2.7 million children whose parents are behind bars. When your parent goes to prison, it devastates family income. So I am just going to turn it back over; announce that I am proud of the votes that I took in favor of addressing opioid addiction today; say that I hope that it was because we learned some-thing about the war on drugs; say that we must go, sort of fix some of the overzealousness of the war on crack years in the 1990s; and say that I really hope that our sympathies don’t return only in favor of people who look like us, but to all Americans. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank the gentleman from Minnesota. I ap-preciate the remarks that he has made and the issues that he has brought be-fore this body this evening, particu-larly his illuminating for us and re-minding us of the disparities of the criminal justice system, of the way we dealt with drug addiction in the past. But we are in an enlightened period now, as evidenced by the work that we did just today; and I hope that we look at the issue of drug addiction and those addicted in the same humane manner, even if it is not an addiction to just heroin or an addiction to opiates, but it is an addiction to a drug that is harmful to their well-being. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY ). Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Representative B
ONNIE WATSON  C
OLEMAN , for hosting this Special Order to talk about opioids and drug policies. Our country is currently facing a great crisis. According to the Centers for Disease Control, 78 Americans die each day from an opioid overdose. We are in the midst of an addiction epi-demic, an epidemic robbing mothers and fathers of their children, and chil-dren of their future. I cannot imagine the torture and hardship that not only those with these addictions suffer, but their families and friends as well, seeing their loved ones in pain, unable to help them. But that does not have to be the case. Congress can make a difference. Our actions here can help save lives, save people from suffering and having to bury a loved one. But we cannot stop this epidemic with just congressional authorization of new grant programs, studies, reports. We must fund these needed tools so that communities have the resources they so desperately need. Today the House passed, and I was proud to support the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act, a bipar-tisan bill creating the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program. And while I wholeheartedly support this new program, we have to make sure we provide the funding that is necessary to get the program up and running. This new program and any others we enact will be no help without funding to support it. Since 2000, there has been a 200 per-cent increase in the rate of deaths at-tributed to opioids. This problem is only getting worse, and has been for some time. b1700 Our actions are already too late for the 28,000 lives lost just in 2014. The leading cause of accidental death in New York State is now an overdose. An estimated 886 lives were lost city-wide in 2015. That is 886 preventable deaths a year just in New York City, 886 individuals that could still be here today had we acted sooner. Last month, Mayor de Blasio an-nounced a new $5.5 million plan to combat deaths caused by overdose, building on the ThriveNYC initiative, a program to support those suffering with mental health problems. Actually, today, the first lady, Chirlane, was here in Washington meeting with the delegation on the Thrive initiative on ways that we were working in the city to combat the opioid epidemic. Earlier this week, Governor Cuomo of New York launched a statewide task force to face the heroin and opioid cri-sis in the State head-on. But our States can’t do it alone, and they shouldn’t need to. This isn’t a problem confined to one district, one State, or one section of the country. It is a na-tionwide epidemic that cannot be al-lowed to continue unabated any longer. We owe it to all those suffering, those addicted and their families, to show we recognize this problem and that we are working for them, not only through our efforts, our votes author-izing these new programs today, stud-ies, and reports, but through actually putting the necessary support behind these efforts and funding them. We can and we must work to save lives. But all those votes are for naught if we don’t actually get these programs off the ground. Communities across the country need our help, and the time to act is now. We have already lost too many to this epidemic. I am proud of the votes on the floor today in support of moving forward to do some-thing about it. I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership and for yielding. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gen-tlewoman from the great State of Texas, the Honorable SHEILA JACKSON  L
EE. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman B
ONNIE WATSON  C
OLEMAN for leading this Special Order and for bringing us together around two very important issues, not only this question of opioids, but, as well, the question of the rights of women. Let me say that this has been a week for news, news coming from the most powerful lawmaking body in the Na-tion. As I heard a Member say in the course of the debate on the list of opioids legislation, it is not that we needed it, for the record is established through the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD , but that we would want to have those areas that are usually filled with media really take hold of what is being done on the floor of the United States House of Representatives and, of course, the complementary legislation of the other body. Over the past 2 days, we passed legis-lation dealing with pregnant women, we passed legislation dealing with teenagers who lost their lives because of overdose of prescription drugs, and we passed legislation that gave a whole litany under the Judiciary Committee not of mandatory minimums and mass incarceration, but how do we bring law enforcement and substance abuse coun-selors together? How do we provide training for police officers to use naloxone? How do we ensure that there is training or resources for those who are addicted? How do we get parental training as it relates to individuals who are addicted and their children are addicted? How do we monitor the issuance of prescription drugs with the respect for the medical profession that we all have in doing their job? Because we do realize that this pre-scription journey started with the new approach to pain management that had been studied on an evidence-based basis that you would heal better if you could allow the pain not to be so devastating, then, of course, what happens are many things: the amount of prescription is more than you would need; or your children get ahold of it, or other peo-ple’s children; or there is no place to dispose of it. In this discussion of opioids, I want it to be reflected that the Congress came together as Republicans and Democrats focusing on how we should address this as a sickness and an addiction and not as incarceration and punitive sen-tencing. We followed the beginning, in 2009, where we removed some of the dispari-ties between crack cocaine and didn’t have it in this large, unfair basis where, if you had a little bit of crack you were in prison for 400 years, if you had cocaine, you might skip by. We made that step. But now it is 2016, and we made a metamorphic change be-cause we moved from the idea of mass incarceration to the idea of treatment. When I finished the debate on the floor on the most recent Judiciary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.077 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2323 May 12, 2016 
Committee bill authored by Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER working with Mr. G OOD-
LATTE , Mr. C ONYERS , many Members, and me, I indicated that we missed a period of history of the crack cocaine users. Many of them are languishing in prisons. So I am hopeful about this bi-partisan spirit, as we look to sen-tencing reduction through H.R. 3713, for something miraculous, because it includes retroactivity. Many of those crack cocaine users are nonviolent. We will have the ability as this legislation works its way through Congress to in-clude them in the scheme of treatment and the restoration part of what we are trying to do in the lives of people who are sick and addicted. I had someone come to me who said: Don’t forget the meth users. We know that meth was an epidemic—and still is—and how destructive it is to one’s physical look and body. So I am delighted to join my col-leagues here to say that we did have a newsworthy great week and that we were taking a look at opioids in a dif-ferent manner, that we are taking a look and working with physicians and the medical profession to be able to en-sure that they do their work and that we find a way to provide a monitoring situation so that we can stem the tide of this horrific, horrible, and destruc-tive drug addiction that destroys the lives of so many young people. I close by saying that some years ago, my late mother was in the hos-pital. We know how we treat our par-ents—but our mothers. I was flying back and forth from this House check-ing and determining what her condi-tion was. She had so many moments where she was on the brink but she came on back. One of the moments that I came to the hospital, there was erratic behav-ior. It wasn’t my mother. That is the issue that we want. We want people to be explained to as to what is going on. It was a treatment that was dealing with trying to ease her pain. I had to ask them: What is she using? Percocet. The first time that I heard that word was 6 years ago—or even later, beyond 6 years. That was 2010, so it was even earlier than that. I didn’t know the ramifications of Percocet. I am a law-yer and not a doctor. But I realize that whatever it was, the cure was worse than the disease, and I asked them to take my mother off the Percocet and for me never to see that again. Now, how many families do that? She did get off of it. Thank God, she healed and walked out of that hospital. That wasn’t the time that she passed. She lived for another day. But we need, in this opioid discus-sion, as we are moving against mass in-carceration, to explain to families and physicians to talk about what these painkillers can do. Because, in essence, they are sometimes so toxic that they, in many instances, easily cause addic-tion, as I have heard many parents say about their youngsters who had ath-letic injuries. So I thank the Congresswoman for yielding to me because I think this week has been a magnificent week when we have opened the door and kicked the can not down the road, but we have kicked it to open the door to say to all of us in America that it is okay. Addiction can be cured. But we are going to work alongside of you so that you can openly seek that cure to relieve yourself of addiction, and we are not going to direct you down the path of incarceration and mandatory minimums. I want that for those who are languishing and who have been sen-tenced on crack cocaine, and I am looking forward to working so that leg-islation covers that aspect of those who are still incarcerated. With that, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me, and I thank the gen-tlewoman for her leadership. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for always sharing with us in our Special Order Hour her wisdom, experience, unique observations, recommendations, and proposals. I thank the gentle-woman very much. Mr. Speaker, let me add just one more thought to this topic. This week we demonstrated that bi-partisanship is still possible on issues that matter to the American people. We need to take that same spirit and apply it to the countless other issues that have always been bipartisan. Re-storing the Voting Rights Act, for one; addressing the significant dangers of a virus, in this instance, of the Zika virus is another illustration; and pass-ing a budget that creates jobs and grows paychecks for American work-ers. As we now shift topics here, Mr. Speaker, there is another issue that this body has been avoiding for dec-ades. A few months ago, I joined my colleagues on the floor of the House to urge the passage of the Equal Rights Amendment. We are here again, Mr. Speaker, and we will keep coming back until it is done. We have been avoiding ensuring pro-tection for women in the Constitution for almost 100 years, and with enduring biases and discrimination against women, there is no better time than now. The ERA would give Congress the constitutional grounds to pass legisla-tion that gives women victimized by gender-based violence recourse in Fed-eral court and restoring elements of the Violence Against Women Act that have been deemed invalid by the Su-preme Court. The ERA would give women a stronger legal platform from which to protest gender bias discrimi-nation at work, giving cases like Betty Dukes’ 2011 suit against Walmart the standing they would need. When you prove statistically lower pay and slow-er promotion, the biases are obvious and shouldn’t be allowed to continue just because they haven’t been specifi-cally expressed. The ERA would keep women from being forced out of work during pregnancy, a protection that currently does not exist. Those are just a few of its benefits. For a long time, the push for the ERA has been viewed from a single per-spective. But it is time for a coalition of women of every ethnicity, every re-ligion, every nationality, and every race to stand united in the call for the ERA because it is for all of us. There are unique issues that every minority group faces, but they are all com-pounded when you add the gender to that plate. We can and we must work together to level the gender playing field, and the ERA is the best route to that goal. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to a fierce fighter for women and the ERA, the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ). Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I truly want to thank B
ONNIE WATSON COLEMAN for hosting this Special Order to talk about the Equal Rights Amendment. I can’t think of anything that is more important than protecting the rights of half the population of America. We in Congress and in our country have helped other countries win their independence and craft their constitu-tions. One of the things we worked to place in that constitution is equality of treatment for all people. We have seen that countries that treat women well have less terrorism, less turmoil, and more economic stability, and that adds to the peace of the world. Yet we don’t have women in the Constitution of the United States of America. b1715 I think it is long past due, and it doesn’t cost any money. It just is an equality statement in a Constitution giving protection to half the popu-lation. I have come to this Congress and re-introduced the Equal Rights Amend-ment. We know that it passed in the 1970s. It fell three States short of rati-fication. You need 38 States, and 35 ratified it. It has already passed in this country before, and there is huge sup-port. Currently, we have over 187 bipar-tisan cosponsors that have joined Bonnie and me in this effort. There is an old Chinese saying that women hold up half the sky. But what most women are concerned about is how they are treated while they are on the Earth. We want to be treated fairly on the Earth. The exclusion of women—half the population—from the Constitution has dire consequences. Last month we commemorated Equal Pay Day, or more appropriately, ‘‘Un-equal Pay Day,’’ when the average woman’s salary catches up with an av-erage man’s earning from the previous year. To put it simply, women have to work 3
1⁄2months more than a male col-league doing the same job with the same pay to reach his equal pay. Now, I can say we have made progress. When I first entered the workforce, we were at 59 cents to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.078 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2324 May 12, 2016 
dollar. We have made progress. We are now at 79 cents to the dollar. But economists say that, if we continue at the same rate, it will be the year 2025 before anything near equality is reached in equality of pay. Given that fact, the economic state of women in the United States is un-equal, unfair, and unacceptable if we want to ensure financial stability of American families and protect eco-nomic growth. It is very interesting. One study was done by Heidi Hartmann, who is a Mac-Arthur Award-winning economist. She stated that, if you just paid women equally, you would eliminate half the poverty in the United States. So everybody talks about job pro-grams and everything else. Just pay women fairly and you would eliminate half the poverty in our country. That is an easy way to address opportunity and fair treatment. This unfairness of 79 cents to the dol-lar is also much, much more unfair when it goes to women of color. The pay gap is even larger. The pay gap has narrowed slightly over the years, but its impact is perhaps more detrimental today than ever before because women are participating in the workforce in record numbers. Increasingly, women are sometimes absolutely necessary for the income of the family, and some are single par-ents, as I am. I am a widow. When you treat a woman fairly, you are treating her husband fairly and her children fairly. With more women in the work-force because they have to work, bring-ing home a full, fair paycheck becomes more and more important. I recently asked the Joint Economic Committee democratic staff to study the effects of the gender gap, not just the 79 cents to the dollar, but what does it mean over a lifetime. This re-port, which was probably the most comprehensive, in-depth report on the subject to date, looked at the pay gap by age, race, State, and congressional districts. What it showed is that, over the span of a lifetime, it compounded. Women are 75 percent more likely to live in poverty in their old age than their male counterparts. The unequal pay in the paycheck translates into lower pensions, lower Social Security, lower savings, and just less cash in the pock-etbook. They say that, in 1 year over the life-time of a woman, the average is that you lose over $500,000 in pay. That is just the pay. Then you have to com-pound it into all of the savings aspects that all of us rely on in our older age. We found that the gender gap varies widely by race, age, and State. Work-ing mothers—this is so interesting. For a country that says we honor the fam-ily, we honor the mothers and the fa-thers, if you become a mother—and many economists have written the same thing—you pay a penalty in the form of depressed wages when com-pared to working fathers and women without children. Women that become mothers, the study showed that they are paid less— they call it the ‘‘mommy penalty’’— yet, men that become fathers are paid more. Men that become fathers are paid not only more than women, but they are paid more than men without children. So it is interesting. And the statistics are that men with children make 15 percent more than men without children and significantly more than women. Over a career, this disparity widens for women, making them more likely to live in poverty. Older women are the largest segment of poverty in our country. Women cannot support their families or fully participate in the economy when they are consistently paid less than men doing comparable work. This is bad for everyone. As you go through it, you wonder why does the gender gap persist and what can we do about it. In the past 30 years, the gender gap has been stuck at 79 cents to the dol-lar. After controlling for the complex factors that contribute to the gender gap, which could be leaving work to take care of children, taking care of an elderly parent, or other reasons, there is a 40 percent gap which many econo-mists attribute to discrimination. Without the ERA, there is little to do. There is no recourse to fight gender discrimination when it does exist. The late Justice Antonin Scalia agreed and famously said, ‘‘Certainly the Constitution does not require dis-crimination on the basis of sex. The only issue is whether it prohibits it. It doesn’t.’’ I believe that Justice Scalia, who Ruth Bader Ginsburg called her closest friend on the Court, was doing the women’s movement and like-minded men who care about women a favor by making this crystal clear. He was a strict constitutionalist. He went by the Constitution. His state-ment made it very clear: Women are not in the Constitution; therefore, I, as a Justice, and others would not protect them. We need to correct this. It is some-thing that we could join hands and make happen. If we don’t explicitly protect women in the Constitution, there can be no expectation for equal-ity in the workforce, government, sports, or academia. There is no rem-edy for discrimination against women in the court. There have been some celebrated Su-preme Court decisions that the dissent has said that this will be reversed in later years, and I believe it will. But they decided against women on the point that women aren’t in the Con-stitution. Well, let’s change that. That is something we can do in this House: pass a bill that puts women in the Con-stitution of our great country. Leaving women out of the Constitu-tion and legally defenseless harms all of us in other areas of our lives. The progress women have made can too eas-ily be rolled back, laws can be re-pealed, and judicial attitudes can shift. Something as fundamental as equality of opportunity and rights should not be at the whim of who is on the Court, who is in the legislature, or any other law that could be put in place to roll rights back. I would say that equality for women is a fundamental right that the vast majority of this country supports. I polled it once, and 99 percent of the people in America said, yes, people should have equal rights, and, yes, they should have equality of opportunity. Yet, this fundamental aspect for half of the population of America—and it is an important half of the population. Every man had a mother. Women are there working in the home, in the soci-ety, and in the communities. As we help and support and empower women, we empower our country and empower our economy. We can’t com-pete and win in this world economy without using the strength of all of our people. That means not just talented men, but talented women, also. Ninety percent of the country actu-ally thinks the Constitution already fully protects women because it seems so much like a no-brainer. If you asked anyone in this body, they would say ‘‘Of course women should be treated equally,’’ ‘‘Of course I want my daugh-ters and my sons to have equal oppor-tunity.’’ Properly valuing women is the right thing to do for our daughters, sisters, mothers, and grandmothers. It is also the closest thing to a silver bullet to stimulate the economy. If you just paid women equally, you would move so much more money into the economy that would have to be consumed and spent in the economy. I want to really thank the like-mind-ed men and women who support the op-portunity and the goal for women to be treated fairly. I believe this is an issue that we could all agree on. It is a fun-damental right. I think that people be-lieve in opportunity. This is one way to make sure that all of our citizens have the same opportunity. I want to thank B
ONNIE for bringing this issue to the floor. She brings it to the floor once a month. That shows a persistence and a commitment that I want to follow and want to support. I can’t think of anything more im-portant that we could spend our time on as a Nation or as individuals than helping people have the equal treat-ment and the equal opportunity that they so justly deserve in this great country. I just want to close by saying I wake up every morning and I say a prayer and I kiss the ground and thank God that I was born an American. There is no question in my mind that we are the greatest country on Earth. We treat our people the best. It is amazing. We just did a report that came out of the President’s Office of Economic Ad-visers that shows that our economy is leading the world. The only thing that is hurting our economy is the suffering other economies that are pulling us 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.080 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2325 May 12, 2016 
down. We are a great country. But one of the reasons that we are so great is that we always strive to be better. I can’t think of doing anything more important or better than treating all of our citizens equally and allowing them to have the same equal opportunity under our great flag and under our great Constitution. It is long past due to put women in the Constitution. I hope my colleagues will join me in helping to make this dream of equality a reality in the great country of the United States of America. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentle-woman from New York. I welcome our partnership on this endeavor. We com-mitted to one another that we are going to continue to raise the issue of the ERA on a monthly basis so that people will be reawakened to just how significant and important this is. I was very struck by the information that she shared with us with regard to the unequal pay as it relates to women versus men. While we cited sort of the general knowledge or norm that is as-sociated with the ERA and with un-equal pay, we recognize that there is an even greater disparity when it comes to African American women and Latin women to the tune of 63 cents on the dollar and 54 cents on the dollar. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), who is also a fierce fighter for equality for all people. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as I listened to Congresswoman M
ALONEY , I heard her mention the Constitution and the importance of the Equal Rights Amendment and I am reminded of the constitutional amendment that was needed in 1920 to allow women the right to vote. If you took a broad assessment of the American people, they might allude to women have the right to vote. But what I would offer to say to them is that every time we wanted to be sure of a right given to a left-out group, we had to add to the Bill of Rights. b1730 The Bill of Rights includes the Fifth Amendment, which is the protection of our property and due process. It in-cludes the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amend-ments, which codify, constitutionally, the wrongness of slavery and the con-cept of equal protection under the law. But in all of that, it has not protected women in their rightful place in this society to have a legal basis to object to unequal pay. It did not provide the cover for Lilly Ledbetter, who went to protest the fact that she was paid less and was not given any respect by the employer who felt that there were no laws that protected her. I believe that, in all of my tenure in Congress, I have supported the Equal Rights Amendment legislation. So I just answer today, for those who may be querying ‘‘here they come again’’ or ‘‘they already have a Bill of Rights’’ or ‘‘they have the amendment allowing them to vote,’’ yes, we have sectors of rights—the right to vote—and maybe we join in and have the right to due process. What the Equal Rights Amendment does is it pierces the veil of govern-mental leadership and governance, and it says to the 50 States: you must ad-here to the Constitution as it is related to women and that, with every aspect of governmental action that impacts women, without discrimination against men, you must put them on an equal footing. We have title VII and we have title IX; but, Mr. Speaker, in spite of those statutes, women are still discriminated against because you can’t section off their rights and expect all of their rights to be protected. Discrimination under title VII fits one box, and title IX, with athletics, fits another box. Then, for some reason, we have all of these different aspects that seem either not to prevail under lawsuits under title VII or not to prevail under law-suits under title IX, but women are still discriminated against. If there were an amendment that would cover all aspects of governance that States had to adhere to, that counties had to adhere to, that cities had to adhere to, and that, certainly, the Federal Government had to adhere to, because the Constitution is the Constitution of the United States for all people, then we would see the lift-ing of those issues that impact women and that are not clarified through the statutory process. I rise today again to support the movement of this bill through the Ju-diciary Committee, to the floor of the House, and, ultimately, through the Senate. For my colleagues, many of you know that there is a constitutional process that would engage the States. Then, ultimately, that would become an amendment to the United States Constitution. What better process of engaging the people of the United States in determining whether they want and recognize the importance of an Equal Rights Amendment than the process of amending the Constitution of the United States. I finish by saying we are doing what is right, and I am hoping that its con-clusion will be in short order on behalf of the women and the men and the fam-ilies of this great United States of America. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for join-ing us in this discussion as well. Mr. Speaker, it has been almost a century; so the time for the ERA is right now. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK: BLUE LIVES MATTER The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. R
EICHERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the ma-jority leader. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, to-night, my colleagues and I come to the floor of the United States House of Representatives to spotlight and high-light a very special week, a week that brings families and police officers to-gether here in Washington, D.C. It is a week that is called National Police Week where these families and police officers from around the country come and gather to remember those police officers whose lives were tragically taken in the line of duty during the past year, and this happens every year. In that process, we not only remember those lives who were lost in the past year, but we also remember those lives who were lost in all of the years prior to that. Later on, I will talk about a couple of close friends of mine whose lives were taken early in their careers in the King County Sheriff’s Office. I should say that, prior to coming to Congress, I spent 33 years in the King County Sheriff’s Office in Seattle, starting in a patrol car, then as a de-tective, then as a SWAT commander, a hostage negotiator, a precinct com-mander, and, finally, as a sheriff, then coming here to Congress. To begin tonight, I honor Chehalis Police Officer Rick Silva and Wash-ington State Trooper Brent Hanger, who both tragically died in the State of Washington in the line of duty. I begin with Washington State Trooper Brent Hanger. Trooper Hanger died on August 6, 2015, while investigating a marijuana grow in a small town called Yakima, Washington. He was 47 years old. He had a wife, Lisa, and six children: Emily, Erin, Kailey, Erik, Kyle, and Kevin. Trooper Hanger served with the State Patrol for 17 years, all of which were spent in the State Patrol’s Dis-trict 7, which includes Washington State’s Snohomish, Skagit, and Whatcom Counties. Early in his career, in 2000, Trooper Hanger received the Award of Merit from the State Patrol for assisting and saving the life of a su-icidal person. It is one of the things we forget about with regard to police officers. We are really peace officers, and we are there to protect people and keep the peace. The vast majority of us who go into law enforcement enter into law enforcement to protect people and to save lives, and that is what Trooper Hanger did in 2000 on just one occasion that he was recognized for. I also recognize Chehalis Police Offi-cer Rick Silva. Rick was 60. He died in Chehalis on June 18, 2015, in Centralia, Washington. He had a wife named Cindy and a daughter named Shannon. From 1986 to 1988, he was a Lewis County correc-tions officer. From 1988 to 2002, he was an officer with the Lewis County Sher-iff’s Office; and he was employed, when he passed away, with the Chehalis Po-lice Department. He was a self-taught master fabricator, race car driver, automotive restorer, and carpenter. Since the first known line of duty death in the year 1791, more than 20,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.081 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2326 May 12, 2016 
U.S. law enforcement officers have made the ultimate sacrifice. A total of 1,439 law enforcement officers died in the line of duty during the past 10 years—an average of one death every 61 hours, or 144 per year. There were 123 law enforcement officers who were killed in the line of duty in 2015. Since the beginning of 2016, 36 law enforce-ment officers have died in the line of duty—36 this year. So far, the number of firearm-related fatalities is up 50 percent compared to the same time last year. In 2014 alone, there were 15,725 assaults against law enforce-ment, resulting in 13,824 injuries. Now, we hear sometimes in our own commu-nities about those who lost their lives, but we don’t always hear about those who were injured in the line of duty. The next speaker I will introduce here in a moment is also a career law enforcement officer. He was also a sheriff, a sheriff in Florida, and I am sure that he and I together could trade police stories all night that would il-lustrate for you, Mr. Speaker, and for others who are listening the danger that one experiences as a law enforce-ment officer across this country. I yield to the sheriff, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. N
UGENT ). Mr. NUGENT. I thank Sheriff R
EICHERT so very much for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we are here at a very solemn time in the law enforcement community. National Police Week is the week that we honor those who have fallen the year before and in all of the prior years. When Sheriff R
EICHERT was talking about the statistics of assaults on law enforcement officers and about the number of law enforcement officers who are killed annually, behind each of those stories is a real person—a son or a daughter who is not coming home anymore, or a wife or a husband. I have been a police officer. I was a police officer for 38 years, and I was ul-timately a sheriff in Hernando County, Florida. I have buried my share of fel-low law enforcement officers in those 38 years—too many to even talk about without bringing a tear. I can tell you, as a rookie police officer who was right out of the academy, in the first year I was on the street, one of the guys with whom I went through the academy was shot and killed. That was the first year out of the academy. I was held hostage at one point in time in my career by a guy who was intent on killing his wife. We all have stories like that. Sheriff R
EICHERT is one of those true heroes in law enforcement. He is too modest to talk about the times that he has been assaulted, stabbed, or of the folks he has put in jail—the Green River Mur-derer. That is just the type of people we are. We are very humble. I was blessed to be in law enforcement for 38 years, and 12 of those years were out-side the city of Chicago. I will tell you this: the brotherhood in law enforce-ment is the same wherever you go across this great Nation. We are made up of people, though, and we have flaws like anybody else. Whether you are a physician or a teacher or even a priest, sometimes they do wrong things, but 99.99 percent of those in law enforcement do it for all of the right reasons. It is not be-cause they are going to make great pay, and it is not because: Oh, my gosh, I get to work the weekends or work holidays or work midnights or miss birthday parties. They do it because of the love that they have for the people whom they serve in whatever commu-nity it may be—as large as New York City and as small as Apopka, Florida. It doesn’t matter. The feelings that go into being a law enforcement officer are those of service to his fellow man. I have been blessed. My wife and I have been married for 41 years, with three sons—all of them in the mili-tary—but the one middle son, who is a Blackhawk pilot for the Florida Army National Guard, is also a deputy sheriff in Hillsborough County, Florida. I know the feeling that his wife has every time he dons that uniform and goes to work: Is he going to come home tonight? That is the feeling that all of our wives and mothers and grandmothers felt for their children as they went out the door wearing that uniform of what-ever city, county, township they sup-ported or State police agency. We have been blessed in America, and it is because of those people—that thin blue line—who are willing to stand in front of danger to protect the normal, average citizen, somebody they have never met and may never meet again. They run into burning buildings, just like on 9/11, to save people. They face down felons to save their fellow man. All they ask for is a little respect, and I don’t think that is too much to ask. This week we passed a piece of legis-lation, the Fallen Heroes Flag Act, that allows us as Members of Congress and in the Senate to provide a flag. It is a small token of our everlasting ap-preciation for the sacrifices their fami-lies have made in the deaths of loved ones who served their country while wearing a law enforcement officer’s uniform. We passed that here, and the President is going to sign it. It gives us the ability to provide that flag at no cost to the families. Go figure. At the end of the day, it is really about recog-nizing in a very small and symbolic way that it does matter. Blue lives matter, and all lives should matter. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distin-guished sheriff, the gentleman from Washington State, DAVEREICHERT . b1745 Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, Sheriff N
UGENT served 35 years. I know he looks a lot younger than I do, but he served a couple of years longer than I did. Sometimes we call people heroes and we don’t readily accept those titles be-cause, as the sheriff said, we just want to help. Cops just want to help. They want to help people. They want to serve the community and want to keep people safe. I am proud to have another Member here tonight who I am going to intro-duce who has been a staunch supporter of law enforcement since his time in Congress. We actually came here to-gether in 2005, and he happens to be a judge from Texas. So I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE). Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Sheriff R
EICHERT , Sher-iff N
UGENT , and all the Members in Congress who have served in law en-forcement before they came to the House. This is a solemn week when we show our respect and honor to those who have worn the shield or the star. You notice, Mr. Speaker, the shield or the star is always over the heart, and it is symbolic of protecting us from out-laws, from criminals. Law enforcement stands between us and those who would do us harm. That is why they wear the shield or the star over their heart, because they will give their lives and have for the rest of us, protecting us from those do-bads out there. I served as a prosecutor in Houston, Texas, for 8 years and then 22 years in the criminal courts trying all kinds of cases. I met a lot of police officers. I still know a lot of them. They are cer-tainly a rare breed that would do what they do. Most Americans couldn’t go on pa-trol one day and do what they do. They are to be admired. We honor those who have died last year, but we honor those who have died in previous years. Some in America don’t realize that the Capitol Police protect us around the Capitol. In 1998, two Capitol police officers, John Gibson and Jacob Chest-nut, gave their lives protecting Mem-bers of Congress. We should remember them. Last year, 128 peace officers were killed in the United States. Eleven of those were females. Twelve were killed in Texas, the highest of any State. There were also two K–9s who were of-ficers that were killed in Texas. Three of those officers who were killed were from my hometown of Houston, Texas: Darren Goforth of the Sheriff’s Department, Officer Tronoski Jones of the Sheriff’s Department, and Officer Richard Martin of the Houston Police Department. About this time last year, there was a robbery in progress—we call those hi-jackings in Houston—at a service sta-tion on Sunday morning. The Houston Police Department responded. They get to the scene and see a sto-len U-Haul van speeding away from the service station. There is a high-speed chase. The U-Haul got a distance on the Houston police officers, jumped out of the U-Haul, grabbed a lady that was getting in her minivan, pushed her out of the way, stole the minivan, took off, and are firing shots at the police offi-cers. Meanwhile, most of Houston is asleep and safe. Their chase goes on for a long time. Officer Richard Martin was ahead of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.083 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2327 May 12, 2016 
the chase. He got his patrol car far enough ahead that he jumped out of the car and put spikes in the road to stop this outlaw from getting away. The outlaw sees Richard Martin, veers off the road, hits him and kills him and keeps driving for 20 miles be-fore the Houston Police Department stopped him. Richard Martin was 47. He had only been a peace officer for 4 years. He had other careers before that, including serving in the United States Air Force. He has two children. I met Tyler last week. He is 11. It was a rough, rough conversation talking to him about his dad. As Sheriff N
UGENT said, these are real people and they are good people. They are a rare breed, the American breed, who will wear that star, that badge, over their hearts to protect us. All that separates us from evil and criminals is the thin blue line. That is it. You either have anarchy or you have the rule of law. Those who want to cause anarchy and mischief and crime in our communities are stopped by the law. That is why we call them law officers, peace officers. They are protecting us from those that would do us harm, and we cer-tainly should give them and their fami-lies the respect and honor that they rightfully deserve because they make a sacrifice every day. They willingly make that sacrifice for us. Most peace officers I ever met have an extra job. They don’t make enough money being a peace officer; so, to sup-port their families, they do something else. They work long hours all week doing everything they can to make an income to take care of their families, and we should recognize that they are the best that America has. In closing, I would just like to say, Mr. Speaker, peace officers are really the last strand of wire in the fence that protects good from evil, that protects the chickens from the coyotes. That is the peace officers. We appreciate what they have done. I want to thank Sheriff R
EICHERT for his service to our country, especially all those cases that you solved years ago. I am sure that the criminals are glad that you are in Congress and not back in Washington State chasing them down. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Judge P
OEfor his service, too, and for his staunch support of law enforcement officers across the country. Mr. Speaker, I would like to intro-duce Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, who has a real understanding of what it means to serve. His family is a family of military service. So he understands the service that law enforcement offi-cers provide across this country as well. I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ). Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank Sheriff D
AVE R
EICHERT along with Sheriff R ICHARD  N
UGENT and Judge T EDPOEfor their service to law enforcement in Congress. Mr. Speaker, this Sunday marks the beginning of National Police Week, a time each year when we especially honor the service and sacrifice of our Nation’s police officers. Tragically, the citizens of South Carolina’s Second Congressional District lost two distin-guished and courageous officers this year. Officer Gregory Alia, a 7-year veteran of the City of Forest Acres Police De-partment, was beloved by his friends, family, and the entire community where he was born and raised. Gregory was an Eagle Scout, a graduate of Richland Northeast High School, and a graduate of the University of South Carolina. In 2003, I was grateful to accompany him along with my son, Hunter, with Troop 100 of St. Joseph’s Catholic Church of Columbia to the Philmont Scout Ranch in Cimarron, New Mexico, for a 100-mile trek. I knew he was a great fellow. A hardworking, dedicated, and hum-ble man, he was the embodiment of a hero every day of his life. As a new fa-ther, he loved his family, looked for the good in everyone, and was a selfless leader, one who brought people to-gether. His end of watch was September 30, 2015, when he was shot while pursuing a suspect. I am grateful his wife, Kassy; par-ents, Dr. Richard and Alexis; aunt, Catherine Alia-Harding; and his infant son, Sal, are here in the gallery and community today. Gregory’s legacy lives on not only in the outpouring of love and appreciation from the community, but also in the actions of his family and friends. I would like to especially recognize his wife, Kassy, for her selfless service in the days, weeks, and months fol-lowing the loss of Gregory. Less than a week—actually, even during the funeral service—after her husband was killed, the community was devastated by a 1,000-year rain, which caused widespread flooding. Days after Gregory’s funeral, Kassy volunteered at the Harvest Hope Food Bank. She also started Heroes in Blue, an organization dedicated to sharing and caring and providing courageous stories of police officers in South Caro-lina and across the country. She found-ed Gregory Alia Day on December 14, the date of what would have been their fourth anniversary. Hundreds of community members and local businesses honored his mem-ory by providing hot meals to 13 police stations in the Midlands of South Caro-lina. Nearly a month after Gregory Alia was provided final honors at St. Jo-seph’s Church, our community faced another tragedy when Officer Stacy Case lost her life in the line of duty. Stacy, an Iraq war veteran, served the Army for 15 years, earning several commendations, including the Na-tional Defense Service Medal, Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Award, the Army Commendation Medal, and the Army Achievement Medal. Originally from Michigan, Stacy joined the City of Columbia Police De-partment in 2011. She worked one of the most difficult beats of the depart-ment and regularly sought opportuni-ties for professional development. Stacy was killed in an automobile acci-dent when responding to a shots-fired call on November 7, 2015. A highly respected member of the Co-lumbia Police Department, her legacy will continue to live on. Indeed, last month the City of Columbia Police De-partment commissioned a new K–9 offi-cer named Case in Stacy’s memory. It is just one of the many tributes to her honor. As we mark National Police Week, I remember those that we have lost and stand in support of the men and women who risk their lives every day to pro-tect us. God bless and protect our law en-forcement and their devoted families. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. WILSON for his support and for being here tonight to help us highlight law enforcement Police Week and re-member those who have died in the line of duty and those continuing to serve. Mr. Speaker, I would now like to in-troduce Mr. G
OWDY from South Caro-lina, who also has a career in law en-forcement and has continued that ef-fort here to do the right thing and pro-tect the American people here in Con-gress. I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. G
OWDY ). Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Sheriff Reichert for his service to the country and to the great State of Washington. I want to thank Judge P
OE, Sheriff Nugent, and my friend and colleague from South Carolina, J
OE W
ILSON , who is the father of a pros-ecutor. Mr. Speaker, Allen Jacobs was going to be a father again, but this time was going to be a little bit different. He was already the father of two precious lit-tle boys, but he was going to be the fa-ther of a little girl. His wife, Meghan, and he were expecting a child this July. Life had prepared Officer Jacobs very well to be a father. He was an out-standing student, an athlete in Green-ville, South Carolina. He put that athleticism and intelligence to work for our country in the United States Army. He was deployed to Iraq, Mr. Speak-er, for 15 months and even volunteered to live in the neighborhoods of Bagh-dad because he understood that all peo-ple want to live in a peaceful, secure environment. After Iraq, he was deployed to Haiti because he wanted to help the Haitian people in the aftermath of their tragic earthquake. Well, Mr. Speaker, the tug of father-hood is strong. So Allen decided to re-turn to the Upstate of South Carolina, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.084 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2328 May 12, 2016 
but his desire to protect and serve oth-ers and to provide peace and security to others never dissipated. So he left the uniform of the United States Army and put on the uniform of the Greenville City Police Department. He pursued that calling with the same vigor and the same strength and the same professionalism that epitomized every other facet of his life, whether it was service on the SWAT team or the Cops on the Court, as a patrol officer for schools or a gang resistance team. Mr. Speaker, Allen Jacobs would stop his patrol car from time to time to shoot basketball with young men in the inner city of Greenville who did not have the father figure that he was to his boys and that he would be to his daughter. b1800 Now, Mr. Speaker, I learned all of this from Allen’s mother in a telephone call we had 2 days before his funeral. This strong man who survived Iraq and Haiti and boot camp and police officer training couldn’t survive an encounter with a teenage gang member who had just been released from jail. He never even had a chance to unholster his weapon, Mr. Speaker. He was just try-ing to protect, serve, enforce the law, and he was ambushed. His funeral gave all of us an oppor-tunity to reflect not only on his life, but on the lives of all the other folks in the upstate of South Carolina who died in the line of duty, whether it be Russ Sorrow or Kevin Carper or Eric Nichol-son or Marcus Whitfield or Greg Alia, who was killed in the line of duty, as my friend from Columbia made note of. His wife is here and his parents are here and his aunt is here. They have a little boy who is less than 1 year old. I want to say this in conclusion, Mr. Speaker. I want to thank all the women and men in uniform who are willing to do what most of us are not willing to do, and interact with people that most of us are not willing to interact with, and miss things in life that most of us are not willing to miss. But I especially want to send a mes-sage, Mr. Speaker, to Allen Jacobs’ two sons and his daughter on the way and Greg Alia’s son. Their fathers lived a life of service and sacrifice and signifi-cance, and they left the greatest legacy that you can ever leave children, which is a good name to be proud of. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. G
OWDY . I was going to try to get some cour-age up to tell one of my stories about my partner who was killed in 1982, but I think I am going to wait and gain my composure. I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ), who has led one of these Special Orders in the past in honor of police officers and is another staunch supporter of law enforcement across this great Nation. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the sheriff. I want to associate myself—I know we all do—with our colleague Mr. GOWDY ’s remarks. This is personal for so many. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the people of Pinellas County, Florida, the people in the State of Florida, who, if they were here in this Chamber to-night, would also want to associate themselves with the gratitude that fills this well, gratitude to law enforcement officers who each day do risk their lives. They risk their own security, they risk the stability of their family, and at times they risk the security of their children, knowing the risk that is on the line every day. Mr. Speaker, the risk is very real. It is very audible. We know—it has been talked about tonight—that, on aver-age, we lose a law enforcement officer once every 3 days in the line of duty. As Sheriff Reichert very rightfully pointed out, we also know the preva-lence of assaults and injuries. By some accounts, more than one assault every single hour of every single day, 365 days of every single year. The risk is real. We all have an opportunity, a privi-lege, to hold the public trust. When we sit in this Chamber, we represent fine men and women who wear the uniform. We represent multiple police depart-ments, sheriff’s departments, other law enforcement agencies. One of the great departments I have gotten the oppor-tunity to work with since being a Member is the Clearwater Police De-partment—men and women of impec-cable character, impeccable bravery, but also impeccable sacrifice, a depart-ment that dons the number 4 on their shirts to remember four law enforce-ment officers from their department who paid the ultimate sacrifice: Pa-trolmen Harry Conyers, Ronald Mahony, John Passer, and Peter Price. So what can this body do in addition to paying tribute, on behalf of the peo-ple we represent, to those who serve in blue, our men and women in law en-forcement? We can do what we are doing tonight, but we need to do it every single year. What we need in this town are Members of Congress and elected officials who stand with law en-forcement. Frankly, Mr. Speaker, I am sick and tired of people in this town who refuse to stand with law enforcement, who take cheap shots questioning the integ-rity of men and women who put their valor on the line, on display every sin-gle day. You want to make America safer? You want to solve civil unrest throughout the country? Let’s stand with law enforcement. Let’s say: Just as you have our back, we have yours. The way to solve so many of these issues that we have seen on display on television in the last 2 years is to dis-pense with the rhetoric, dispense with the vitriol, dispense with the lies and the rumors and say: You know what? As a body, this Congress, this govern-ment is going to stand with our law en-forcement officers each and every day. There are two simple measures that I have introduced, and I am joined by colleagues, each who have other meas-ures as well. There are a lot of good measures out there. One we will be highlighting tomor-row in a national press conference is called the Thin Blue Line Act. It pro-vides for enhanced penalties for anyone who assaults or takes the life of a po-lice officer. We currently provide those additional protections for someone who attacks a child, an elderly person, a disabled person. I think we should take that model code and apply it to law en-forcement officers as well and very simply say to somebody: If you take the life of a law enforcement officer, be prepared to lose your own. Another piece of legislation I think we should move on is something that addresses some of the questions about the 1033 program to provide surplus equipment. This President has launched a war on local law enforce-ment by restricting the availability of equipment and technology for local law enforcement agencies. Why don’t we trust the leadership and the judgment of our local law enforcement leaders, our chiefs, and our sheriffs to deter-mine what equipment is necessary for their force? I have legislation that would leave 1033 perfectly in place but simply re-quire the local law enforcement agency to certify that they have personnel trained and capable of operating that equipment. It is the right way to stand with law enforcement and say we are going to make sure you have the tools and technology you need. The risk is very real; the politics, at times, are absolutely disgusting. We may never be able to replace the loss of families whose fathers, mothers, broth-ers, sisters were lost in the line of duty; we may never be able to heal the wounds; but we can honor our law en-forcement officers every day. It is what this body is attempting to do tonight. It is the commitment of my colleagues I stand here with to let law enforce-ment officers around the country know that, just as you have got our back, we have got yours. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. J
OLLY for his comments and his strong support of law enforcement over the years. I especially appreciate his comments regarding the partnership between police and community. The police cannot protect our fami-lies and our neighborhoods and our communities alone. The communities can’t do it alone. There has to be a partnership there, Mr. Speaker, and that partnership has to be based on trust. So together, as a nation, in our com-munities across this great country, we have got to come together, police and communities, for the good of our chil-dren and the protection of our neigh-borhoods and the safety of our country. I think we can accomplish that with dialogue and especially going back to the good old days of community polic-ing and actually visiting and talking with members of the community, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.085 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2329 May 12, 2016 
Mr. G OWDY pointed out, a police officer who stopped in his neighborhood, got out of his car and played basketball with the young men and women on the street. I can remember those days my-self. I got hurt in a basketball game with some kids on the street, but that is another story. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR). Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. R
EICHERT —Congressman, colleague, and sheriff—for this opportunity to support National Police Week and, more importantly, to thank him for his long career in law enforcement and his service. Yesterday, Mr. Speaker, I had the op-portunity to meet with the families of fallen Kentucky State Troopers Eric Chrisman and Blake Tribby. Tomorrow I will meet with the families of fallen Nicholasville, Kentucky, Police Officer Burke Rhoads and fallen Richmond Po-lice Officer Daniel Ellis. Each of these men died while doing his job, to defend our communities and to keep our families safe. These fami-lies have been deprived of a loved one, endured tremendous pain, and made enormous sacrifices so that all of us can live with greater peace of mind. At a time when some are using the bad actions of a few to attack the dig-nity of the entire law enforcement pro-fession, let the sacrifices of these men and their families remind us that uni-formed officers are putting their lives on the line for our benefit every single day. We owe an enormous debt of grati-tude to all law enforcement officers throughout this country, and espe-cially to those who have made the ulti-mate sacrifice. My wife, Carol, and I had the privi-lege and the honor of attending the me-morial service for fallen Richmond, Kentucky, Police Officer Daniel Ellis just a few months ago. The memorial service in the Eastern Kentucky Uni-versity Alumni Coliseum was packed full of family and friends and col-leagues on the Richmond police force. But even more impressive, brothers in blue from all over Kentucky and all over the country were packed in that coliseum to pay tribute to this hero to our community. Richmond Police Chief Larry Brock, who was eulogizing his colleague, ad-dressed the crowd, and speaking of Ellis’ valor and his kindness, he also expressed the heartbreak felt by all of Ellis’ colleagues in blue. This is what he said: ‘‘‘As we left the hospital to escort Daniel to Frankfort for the required medical exam, the skies opened up and it poured rain. It was as if the angels themselves were crying at the loss of this special young man,’ said Brock, his voice breaking.’’ I would like to join all of my col-leagues in welcoming the tens of thou-sands of people who have come across the country to our Nation’s Capital in support of National Police Week. I es-pecially want to thank Katie, the widow of Officer Ellis, and Officer Ellis’ 3-year-old son, Luke. In the words of the Gospel, John 15:13: ‘‘Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.’’ Mr. Speaker, I again thank Congress-man REICHERT for hosting this impor-tant Special Order to recognize the contributions and the sacrifices of po-lice officers from across the country. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. B
ARR for his comments and his support. I yield to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. B
UCK). Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank Sheriff Reichert and others who have so eloquently spoken and recognize the importance of this week. Police Week gives us the opportunity to honor and thank those law enforce-ment officers who put their lives on the line to protect us. The men and women who work in law enforcement know the definition of sacrifice. They know the look on their spouse’s face when they leave for the swing shift. They know the loneliness of a patrol car on a snowy night. They know how many times they have looked at that picture of their family on the dashboard, and they know what it is like to lose one of their own. In Colorado, we have already lost three officers this year: Deputy Sheriff Travis Russell, Corporal Nate Carrigan, and Deputy Sheriff Derek Geer. But speaking their names on the House floor won’t bring them back for dinner tonight or put them in their patrol car or seat them in the bleachers of their son’s baseball game on Saturday. We must honor those who have fall-en, but our honor must engender re-solve; otherwise, we are forgetting too quickly the sacrifices we meant to re-member. This is why I have introduced the Blue Lives Matter Act. The des-picable criminals who would assault or kill an officer simply because of that officer’s status as a member of law en-forcement deserve an enhanced sen-tence and a prosecution and investiga-tion from every possible agency that we can bring resources from. This leg-islation ensures that these criminals see justice. Everywhere I go in Colorado, I run into officers who thank me for intro-ducing this bill, and I appreciate that, but I don’t deserve their thanks. Pro-tecting police officers isn’t something we do because we have some extra time or because we feel especially patriotic. Congress has a duty to protect those who protect us. b1815 Mr. REICHERT. I thank the gen-tleman for his support and taking time to honor those fallen in the State of Colorado. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. A
LLEN ). The gentleman has 19 minutes remaining. Mr. REICHERT. I yield to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ). Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentlemen and sheriff, and I would also like to thank Presi-dent John F. Kennedy for his procla-mation recognizing our peace officers. I want to say that I am grateful that the gentleman has chosen to come to the floor and have this Special Order honoring those who are willing to make the ultimate sacrifice. I have heard persons talk about the virtues of peace officers. I don’t have to have it explained to me because I have a personal experience that I can relate to. My uncle was a deputy sheriff. My uncle was a peace officer. He was well respected in his community. I adored him. My uncle and I were together in his patrol car, and I was asking a lot of questions. His comment to another person with us was: This boy is asking a lot of ques-tions. He is going to be a lawyer be-cause he is asking so many questions. I did not know what a lawyer was, but I knew that, if my uncle, who was a deputy sheriff, said I was going to be a lawyer, then a lawyer I would be. From that day forward, I had one mission in life when it came to my edu-cation and my career. That was to be a lawyer because my uncle, the deputy sheriff, the peace officer, proclaimed it as such. So I am honored tonight to pay trib-ute to him. His name was Dallas Yates. He served in Florida in a small town called Gifford, near Vero Beach. He lived into his nineties, became a minister, and passed away just re-cently. It was not in the line of duty, but it meant something to me to know that he lived and made a difference in the lives of others. With reference to the phrase itself, this terminology, ‘‘in the line of duty,’’ it takes on new meaning if you go to the home-going ceremony of a peace of-ficer. It will take on a new meaning. When you see that riderless horse with the boots in the stirrups, it takes on a new meaning. When you see the family grieving, it takes on a new meaning. When you understand this is a person who was willing to sacrifice so that others might have life, it takes on a new meaning. So I am honored to be here tonight, and I want people to know that there are many of us who believe that we have to support our law enforcement officers and stand with them and recog-nize that ‘‘in the line of duty’’ means more than going to work. It sometimes means not coming home. Mr. REICHERT. I thank Mr. GREEN  for his support. I think your uncle gave you great advice. Mr. Speaker, as I stood here tonight and listened to all the other presenters, I came to the realization that there were a lot of people here that might be a lot more articulate about what it means to be a police officer. Even though I have served for 33 years, I found that a lot of words here touched me tonight because it brings back memories of good friends. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.087 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2330 May 12, 2016 
I want to tell a brief story related to some topics that were discussed earlier tonight about the opioid epidemic here. Yes, we are concerned about the people who are addicted. We are concerned— and rightly so—about the families who are trying to deal with that addiction and the danger that it presents to the person addicted, the danger it presents to the family, the tragedy it presents to that family and the addicted indi-vidual and the community in the en-tirety. But sometimes we forget to include the police officer in that group of peo-ple that is endangered by this epidemic that has ripped our Nation. They are the first people there. They are the first ones called to a scene where some-one might be acting up as a result of being addicted to heroin or some other drug. I can remember a night. I just want to share this short story so that, Mr. Speaker, you can understand this is something that happens to police offi-cers across this country every day of the year. I was with a team of officers who were assigned to serve a drug search warrant on an apartment. We were all assigned a room to go to. I kicked in the door and I went to the right to a small bathroom. When I entered that door and went into the bathroom, there was a young man in the bathroom with a rubber band around his arm and a needle in-jected in his arm. His eyes were glazed over. He was standing by the toilet. He saw me come in with my badge over my heart and my gun in my hand. I said: Raise your hands above your head and drop to your knees. He raised his hands, but he didn’t go to his knees. He stood there and stared at me for a short time. Eventually, his right hand moved to the right behind a half wall and came out with a gun. At that moment, I had to make a de-cision. Every police officer across this Nation has to make a split-second deci-sion: Do I shoot? Is my life in danger? Am I going home to my family? Am I not going home to my family? Is this the time? Those things go through your mind in a millisecond. In the snap of a finger, you have to make a deci-sion. Something told me I could talk to this young man. And so I continued to talk, and he finally leaned back and dropped the gun in the toilet, fell to his knees, and we handcuffed him and took him to jail. I share that story to just emphasize the fact that police officers are going through these dangerous situations every day, having to make those deci-sions. And then, Mr. Speaker, every day after that they second-guess them-selves, if they had decided to pull the trigger, and then the community will continue to second-guess. And, yes, we need to be questioned. And, yes, we need to be held account-able. And, yes, we need to be trained. All of those things are true. But it is so easy to Monday-morning-quarterback. I had a partner that was killed in 1982. We were tracking down a murder suspect. In the process of that, my partner was ambushed and shot in the chest and killed. He had five sons. They are all grown men now. They grew up without their father. In 1984, another friend and partner was stabbed and killed with a World War II sword. His name was Michael Rayburn. My partner’s name was Sam Hicks. But just a few years before that, Mike Rayburn saved my life. I was directing traffic in the middle of the night, at 2 o’clock in the morn-ing, on Pacific Highway just south of Seattle. It was a pretty major accident. I had my back turned to the ditch be-hind me. Deputy Rayburn drove up. Just at the moment he drove up, somebody jumped out of the ditch. He had a knife in his hand and was run-ning across the lanes of traffic to bury that knife in my back. Mike Rayburn was there just in the nick of time and tackled that man who was about to stab me. Two years later, Mike Ray-burn was dead. His kids grew up with-out their father. I am here tonight to honor them. I am here tonight to honor every police officer in this country. I am here to-night, Mr. Speaker, to ask people across the Nation to say thank you to the police officers that protect their community, protect their children, and protect their homes each and every day. I will be there on Sunday at the me-morial in front of the Capitol and be with those families. I have held the widows in my arms, as the sheriff. I have held the children and cried. I will be doing that again on Sunday. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
TAX DAY FLOOD The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 30 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I am honored tonight to stand here in the U.S. House of Representatives to call to the attention of my colleagues, my friends, H.R. 5025, a bill that will bring some relief to much suffering in the Houston area in the State of Texas. But before I get into the bill itself, I think it appropriate to thank some people for what they have done to help us get to this point. I thank my colleague who will be speaking in just a moment, the Honor-able G
ENE GREEN , who serves in the 29th District, which is adjacent to the district that I serve. I want to thank my friend G
ENE GREEN because he is the original cosponsor of this legisla-tion. He was there to help shape it, and it means something to know that you have a friend that you can work with to this extent. I want to thank my friend Congress-man J
OHNCULBERSON . He is the first to make this legislation bipartisan. This is not a partisan issue. Flooding is not a partisan issue. The homes that are damaged, the lives that are lost, none of this is partisan. I am grateful to Congressman CULBERSON for signing onto this bill. I would like to thank the 60-plus co-sponsors of this legislation who have said that they want to see what has been authorized materialized, such that, in Houston, Texas, we cannot only eliminate a lot of flooding—and we will. We can’t eliminate all of it, but we can mitigate that which we can-not eliminate. I thank Chairman M
CCAUL of the Homeland Security Committee. He published the letter for us, the mem-bers of the delegation, to sign and send to the President of the United States, asking that Texas have certain areas within the State declared disaster areas because of the horrific flooding that took place on what we call Tax Day. I thank the leadership for allowing us to have this team on the floor tonight on both sides. The leadership makes these things possible, and I am grateful to all leadership for doing this. Finally, I want to thank President Barack Obama because he did, Mr. Speaker, declare certain areas in Texas disaster areas so that we might receive the help of FEMA and funds to help people recover and to restore their lives and continue with their lives. So tonight I will say more about some of these things mentioned, but now I am asking to ask the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ), my col-league, who is the lead cosponsor of this, to have his commentary. Because his district has suffered greatly not just this time, but in the past, from these floods. I will not go into it. I will leave all to be said about it to him. But I think it appropriate that I ac-knowledge his great work in the Con-gress of the United States of America not only on this issue, but on many other issues impacting people within his district and across the length and breadth of this great country. b1830 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and neighbor and friend for setting this Special Order tonight for what we call the tax day floods in Houston and Har-ris County, Texas. Our district was hit by flooding, but not near as much as in Congressman A
LGREEN ’s, because I was in his dis-trict that week, and also in the neigh-boring districts, Congressman C
ULBER -
SON, Congresswoman L EEand Congress-man M
CCAUL, and Congressman B RADY . But I was just looking at a memo. In our district, we have Hunting Bayou, which is part of the legislation, that was overflowed; and the people who live in that area, along Interstate 10 East, they cleaned out their homes, the Sheetrock and everything else, and it is literally a tragedy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.088 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2331 May 12, 2016 
On April 18, the city of Houston and Harris County, Texas, was subjected to paralyzing flooding which claimed the lives of 9 of our citizens and required the rescue of at least 1,200 others. Approximately 2,000 housing units were flooded, and we are currently working to figure out where to house the folks who cannot return to their homes. This is the second major flooding dis-aster Houston has experienced in the last 6 months. The city is expecting ad-ditional rain, even this weekend, to-morrow and Saturday. Residents of our congressional dis-trict, as well as other Members’ dis-tricts, have been severely affected, and we must do everything we can to stop the needless loss of life. The President has recognized the sig-nificance of the catastrophe and ful-filled a request for a disaster declara-tion. Now it is the job of Congress to help our constituents. That is why I have worked closely with my neighbor and friend and colleague, Representa-tive A
LGREEN , to introduce the Tax Day Floods Supplemental Funding Act, H.R. 5025. The legislation would provide $311 million to the U.S. Army Corps of En-gineers for the construction and, in most cases, completion of our bayou and flood projects in the Houston and Harris County, Texas, area. Flooding is not new to Houston, but we have learned how to control it. Our bayou system has saved countless lives and millions of dollars in damage since the creation of them. Unfortunately, due to the consistent budget pressure, the Army Corps of Engineers cannot adequately fund these projects. This bill would ensure that our Fed-eral, State, and local authorities have the resources necessary to expedite these flood control projects we know protect people and property. My colleagues and I have requested the Director of FEMA and the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment to tour our districts and see the damage firsthand, and I renew that re-quest again today. The support in the community is overwhelming. The Greater Houston Partnership, our chamber of commerce, supports this legislation, and they esti-mate that the total lost is about $1.9 billion. It is also supported by our local—in Harris County we created a flood con-trol district that partners with the Corps of Engineers. Our Harris County Flood Control District also supports this legislation. Additionally, I want to make sure that the folks on the ground have the information they need to get back in their homes. FEMA has opened disaster centers in our community, but if you are not near one of those centers, you can apply to FEMA by phone. Call 1–800–621–3362. That is 1–800–621–FEMA. 1–800–621–3362. FEMA can offer two types of assist-ance: housing assistance, temporary housing, money to help repair or re-place your primary residence. Non-housing needs include medical, dental, funeral costs, clothing, house-hold items, tools, home fuel, disaster- related moving and storage, replace-ment of a disaster-damaged vehicle. After 24 hours, FEMA will follow up with you. It is important in our district to know that, if your Spanish-speaking households have children that are U.S. citizens or legal residents, FEMA can help you if there is a legal resident or a citizen living in that home. Mr. Speaker, it is important that we help victims in our neighborhoods so we can get back on top and help them. I urge our body, this House, to pass the emergency funding legislation and do so as quickly as we can. Again, I want to thank my colleague and friend. I was impressed that day when we were in his district, in Westbury, at the flooding and the out-pouring of people. I have seen it in my district where people will literally move everything from their house; they have to throw it away. It is out on the curb. The city of Houston is cleaning it up as fast as they can, but we need to get these peo-ple back into their homes. But this bill that we have will make sure their homes are not flooded again because, that way, we don’t need to have these repetitive floods like we have had in the last few years. Again, I want to thank my colleague for this Special Order tonight but, more importantly, I want to thank him for his leadership on this piece of legis-lation. I am proud to be his cosponsor. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I thank the gentleman very much. I greatly appre-ciate all that he has done to help us, especially coming into my district, and being there with the mayor, if you re-call, who was there. We had a county commissioner in at-tendance, County Commissioner Gene Locke, Mayor Sylvester Turner, and persons from that neighborhood. This was not your district, but the people were people that the gentleman cared about, and they are grateful, as am I, for the gentleman’s coming in and vis-iting with us. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. If the gentleman will yield to me; we also had the press conference, and everybody was confused. We also have the gentle-man’s city council member, Larry Green. So they had Congressman A
L G
REEN , Congressman Eugene Green, and City Councilman Larry Green. They can call all of us and we will help them. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Absolutely. In Houston, Green is a good name if you want to become a member of the political order. Again, I thank my colleague. Let me elaborate for just a moment on the letter from the Greater Houston Partnership because a good many peo-ple are not aware that this is another way for us to say chamber of commerce in Texas. We have gone beyond a sim-ple chamber of commerce. We call ours a partnership because it is an effort among the many to make sure that commerce excels, but also to make sure that people have great opportuni-ties. Houston is a city of opportunity, and I want to thank the Greater Houston Partnership for the letter that has been sent to us supporting H.R. 5025. But now let’s be a little bit more spe-cific. I want to thank Mr. Jamey Rootes. He is the chairperson of the Greater Houston Partnership. He and I have been talking, and he has been working with me and with my col-leagues to try to make sure that we have an opportunity to get our mes-sage out to the masses. He has done what he can to help us with this mes-saging, a message that includes the po-sition of the Greater Houston Partner-ship, I must add. Also, Mr. Bob Harvey, who is the president and CEO of the Greater Hous-ton Partnership. We made a call to them one morning, asking if they could get a letter to us indicating their sup-port, and that afternoon we had the letter in hand, the letter that I hold in my hand currently. And that letter is, without question, a solid indication of support for this project. The last paragraph of it reads: ‘‘We want to make sure that we do all that we can to help you and your staff as you consider every potential oppor-tunity for Federal support. Please do not hesitate to call.’’ And they give names and numbers. They are committed to doing what they can to not only help with this leg-islation, but to help people in their re-coveries, and to prevent this from hap-pening again. The Harris County Flood Control District, Mr. Michael Talbott, sent the letter, the executive director. And in his letter, he speaks of how this can benefit the Houston area to the amount of about $2.4 billion. He goes on to talk about the jobs that can be created—6,220 created if we can get this legislation done, if we can get this money into Houston. I must add this: this money is money that we will get eventually into Hous-ton. This is not money that we won’t ever get. These projects have been au-thorized. They are already in progress. It is just that we are getting the money in a piecemeal fashion, and we need a wholesale representation of this emolument for Houston, such that we can get on with these projects, such that we can prevent future damages, such that we can save lives. What we cannot eliminate, we can mitigate in terms of damages. So I am honored that the Corps of Engineers has these projects that they are working on, and I am especially honored that the Harris County Flood Control District has let us know that they are absolutely in support of what we are trying to accomplish with H.R. 5025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.090 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2332 May 12, 2016 
Now, having said all of these things and making it clear that this is money that has to be matched, that this is money that we will eventually acquire, I think it’s appropriate for me to say this: This is about more than money. It is about more than things, inanimate ob-jects. This is about more than homes and personal property, cars, and all of the things that we call creature com-forts. It is about more than these things. It is about people. This legisla-tion really is about human beings. It is about human beings who are in a re-covery phase right now, many of them recovering from the tax day flood, some still recovering from the Memo-rial Day flood which took place last Memorial Day. Mr. Speaker, it is about these people, but not only these people, it is about people who lost their lives in this flood. My colleague mentioned that there were nine—nine persons, that we know of, lost their lives. And wouldn’t it be a shame to remember the flood, re-member the damages that were im-posed upon the homes, and the cars, and the furniture, remember the dam-ages, but not remember the people who lost their lives? So tonight I want to take just a mo-ment on behalf of my colleague and many others in this House and just rec-ognize, memorialize the lives that were lost in this horrific flood, a tragedy that, quite frankly, could have been mitigated if we had all of these projects to completion. Let’s just remember these persons and not forget them. So with a degree of solemnity, I would like to just call their names and say a little bit about each of the nine. The first, German Antonio Franco. He was 66 years of age, Mr. Speaker. He was a retired HEB produce manager. HEB is one of our food stores. He also worked as a part-time contract lim-ousine driver. This was a man who had children—three children and four grandchildren. The circumstances of his death are that he died after an en-counter with high water, something we will see consistently as I go through this. But he lost his life in Houston, Texas, in a flood. I would like to mention Ms. Claudia, last name is Melgar. Claudia Melgar. She lost her life, 25 years of age. She was a college student. She died in an encounter with high water. Now, there are those who would say that you can avoid an encounter with high water. I believe that in many cir-cumstances you can, but in Houston, Texas, we have what are known as flash floods, floods that occur in a flash, and there are many times when you can be caught in a circumstance such that you cannot extricate your-self. Because of this, the waters will en-velop you and you will find yourself in a position such that you cannot even leave the car that you are in because of the way the electronics can malfunc-tion. And if you don’t have some de-vice, some tool to break windows, to move yourself through some passage-way other than that door, you will find yourself in harm’s way and you can lose your life. b1845 This has happened to many people. It happened to Claudia. I would also like to mention Pedro Rascon Morales, 61 years of age. He was a big rig driver, a father, and a grand-father. He died in the cab of his 18- wheeler while trapped in a flooded roadway in Houston, Texas. All of these persons are in and around the Houston area. They all lost their lives in water due to flooding with the tax day floods as we call them. These are lives that we can never forget. I think that we should re-member the damages that were caused to property and the destruction, but we shouldn’t forget the lives that were lost because there are families that are grieving to this day because they lost people that they loved. These were the daughters and sons of somebody, and we should never forget that they lived and that they lost their lives, some, I might add, in a needless circumstance—this is my opinion—be-cause of our not fulfilling our obliga-tion to fund what has been authorized. Next, we have Charles Edward Odum, 56 years of age, seventh grade social studies teacher, married, with two chil-dren. Circumstances of his death: died after encountering high water. Then there was Teri White Rodri-guez, 41 years of age, a wife and mother of three. Circumstances of death: died in her vehicle after an encounter with high water, an encounter with high water in Houston, Texas. It was an unfortunate circumstance, and we should not forget that lives were lost. I know it is going to be easy for many of us to go on with our lives. This will be put behind us. We have a moment when we focus on these things, but life is such that there are so many other things that we encounter that our focus is lost or that we focus on something else. That is important, so I don’t begrudge anybody who has to focus on other things. I just believe that I have a duty, an obligation, and a responsibility to make sure that we don’t forget these lives that were lost. There will be others, but we don’t want to forget these. There have been oth-ers, but we won’t forget these. We won’t forget Sunita Singh, 49, an electrical engineer, a wife and a moth-er of two children, drowned in her car after an encounter with high water. Let’s not forget Suresh Kumar Talluri, 49, a husband and father of two young children ages 6 and 8, drowned in his car after he was trapped by high water. We shouldn’t forget and we should commemorate the life of Dharamendra Uppal. This is an unfortunate cir-cumstance wherein we have the age of the person undisclosed, the cir-cumstances of the death undisclosed in the sense that we don’t know personal information about this person who lost his life, or her. I am assuming that from the name it was a female, but this person died and was found deceased in his car, a male, deceased in his car which appears to have been submerged. He was a male. The name is important. The identity is not known completely because we don’t know the age and we don’t have personal information. Then there is a woman with an undis-closed name, with no personal informa-tion available to us at this time who drowned after an encounter with high water. All of these unfortunate cir-cumstances involved people. I want to make sure tonight that while we will talk about the billions of dollars in damages—and there were billions of dollars in damages, billions of dollars. It is estimated that it is as high as $8 billion in damages when you combine the Memorial Day flood with the tax day flood, as much as $8 billion. That $8 billion, by the way, is 25 times the $311 million that we might use to take preventive action. This money will not go to help people get new homes. This money won’t go to help people get personal items that have been destroyed. All of this money will go to projects that have been au-thorized, projects that, if completed, can possibly prevent the loss of future lives and projects that, if they had been completed, may have prevented the loss of some of these lives. So I take it as my personal responsi-bility to call this to the attention of this House and to ask my colleagues to please consider H.R. 5025. The Presi-dent has declared the area that I am speaking of as a disaster area. FEMA is there. This is an opportunity for us to act. We have done it before, and we should do it now. I want to assure my colleagues that, when there is a disaster of this mag-nitude, you can count on our good of-fices being with you to help you through your time of need. We under-stand that we should be there for peo-ple. This is what we have done in the past, whether it was Sandy, hurricanes, or whether it was tornadic activities. Whether it is fires or hurricanes along the Gulf Coast, we want to be there for our people. This is our country, and a country is more than bricks, buildings, sky-scrapers, and military. It is people who live ordinary lives, who expect that they would have the opportunity to fulfill their dreams, to go to work and come home safely and not find them-selves in harm’s way by virtue of waters that are not expected, flood-waters that can come in a flash and take them away. So, Mr. Speaker, I thank my col-leagues who have signed on to this piece of legislation. I want to again thank the President of the United States, the Honorable Barack Obama, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.091 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2333 May 12, 2016 
for making his desires known by de-claring certain areas in Texas a dis-aster area. I thank the Governor of the State, by the way, Mr. Speaker, be-cause he acted quickly, swiftly, and promptly to make the request of the President. I have mentioned Mr. M
CCAUL. I thank the gentleman again for his ac-tions in circulating the letter so that all of the members of the Texas delega-tion could be on it requesting that cer-tain areas in Texas receive this atten-tion from the President. Finally, I know that these are dif-ficult times for us across the Nation and across the world. There are many things that are happening that are challenging for us. But among these things, let us not forget that there were people who lost their lives in Houston, Texas, and let us not forget that these floods occur with a degree of regularity such that it is predictable that it will happen again. We can prognosticate now that this will happen again. If it does, I will find myself back here as a reminder that there are things that we could have done, should have done, and hopefully will do to eliminate much of the flood-ing and mitigate that which we cannot eliminate. I am grateful. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 4328. An act to amend the Department of Energy Organization Act and the Local Public Works Capital Development and In-vestment Act of 1976 to modernize terms re-lating to minorities. H.R. 4336. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the inurnment in Arlington National Cemetery of the cre-mated remains of certain persons whose service has been determined to be active service. SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 32. An act to provide the Department of Justice with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activity, and for other purposes. S. 125. An act to amend title I of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bul-letproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other pur-poses. S. 2755. An act to provide Capitol-flown flags to the immediate family of firefighters, law enforcement officers, members of rescue squads or ambulance crews, and public safety officers who are killed in the line of duty. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I move that the House do now ad-journ. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 6 o’clock and 54 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, May 13, 2016, at 9 a.m. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the fourth quar-ter of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOYCE MEYER, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAR. 29 AND APR. 7, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Joyce Meyer .............................................................. 3 /31 4 /2 Philippines ................................ ............ .................... 588.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 588.00 4 /2 4 /6 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,718.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 1,718.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,036.00 .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 2,036.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. MS. JOYCE MEYER, Apr. 21, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO IRELAND, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAR. 23 AND MAR. 28, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Peter King ....................................................... 3 /24 3 /28 Ireland ...................................... ............ .................... 2,034.00 .................... 2,983.16 .................... .................... ................. ... 5,017.16 Hon. Richard Neal ................................................... 3 /24 3 /27 Ireland ........................................ .......... .................... 1,908.00 .................... 3,455.26 .................... .................... ................... . 5,363.26 Hon. Michael Fitzpatrick .......................................... 3 /24 3 /28 Ireland .......................................... ........ .................... 1,725.00 .................... 1,142.86 .................... .................... .................... 2 ,867.86 Hon. John Katko ....................................................... 3 /25 3 /28 Ireland ...................................... ............ .................... 1,599.00 .................... 2,323.90 .................... .................... ................. ... 3,922.90 Hon. Brian Higgins .................................................. 3 /24 3 /27 Ireland ........................................ .......... .................... 1,908.00 .................... 3,429.86 .................... .................... ................... . 5,337.86 Hon. Daniel Kildee ................................................... 3 /24 3 /28 Ireland ....................................... ........... .................... 1,725.00 .................... 2,070.66 .................... .................... .................. .. 3,795.66 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 10,899.00 .................... 15,405.70 .................... .................... ..... ............... 26,304.70 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. PETER T. KING, Apr. 27, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1  AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY, Chairman, Apr. 8, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8474 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.092 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2334 May 12, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Will Smith ................................................................ 1 /30 1 /31 Australia ................................ ............... .................... 615.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 1 /31 2 /3 New Zealand ......................................... .................... 879.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2 /3 2 /7 Antarctica ............................................. .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... 2 /7 2 /8 New Zealand ......................................... .................... 293.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... Local transportation ....................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 269.35 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,449.80 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Jim Kulikowski ......................................................... 1 /30 1 /31 Australia ................................... ............ .................... 615.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 1 /31 2 /3 New Zealand ......................................... .................... 879.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2 /3 2 /7 Antarctica ............................................. .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... 2 /7 2 /8 New Zealand ......................................... .................... 293.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... Local transportation ....................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 269.35 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,462.36 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Leslie Albright ......................................................... 1 /30 1 /31 Australia .................................. ............. .................... 615.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1 /31 2 /3 New Zealand ......................................... .................... 879.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2 /3 2 /7 Antarctica ............................................. .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... 2 /7 2 /8 New Zealand ......................................... .................... 293.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... Local transportation ....................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 269.35 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,942.20 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... B.G. Wright .............................................................. 1 /30 1 /31 Australia ................................. .............. .................... 615.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 1 /31 2 /3 New Zealand ......................................... .................... 879.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2 /3 2 /7 Antarctica ............................................. .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... 2 /7 2 /8 New Zealand ......................................... .................... 293.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... .................... Local transportation ....................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 269.35 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,178.30 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... 3 /4 3 /6 Peru ...................................................... .................... 705.40 .................... ............ ........ .................... 388.13 .................... .................... 3 /6 3 /9 Chile ..................................................... .................... 1,104.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 425.03 .................... .................... 3 /9 3 /12 Argentina .............................................. .................... 1,023.66 .................... ............ ........ .................... 754.80 .................... .................... 3 /12 3 /14 Brazil .................................................... .................... 893.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 809.45 .................... .................... Colin Lee .................................................................. 1 /18 1 /22 Djibouti ................................ ................. .................... 970.10 .................... .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... Taxi ................................................................. ............. ................. ............................ ................................... .................... .................... .................... 86.94 .................... ...... .............. .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,168.08 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Cornell Teague ......................................................... 1 /18 1 /22 Djibouti .................................... ............. .................... 970.10 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... Taxi ................................................................. ............. ................. ............................ ................................... .................... .................... .................... 76.12 .................... ...... .............. .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,168.08 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Hon. Charles Dent ................................................... 1 /17 1 /20 United Kingdom ................................. ... .................... 984.43 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... Local transporation ........................................ ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,387.60 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 836.66 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... Maureen Holohan ..................................................... 1 /17 1 /20 United Kingdom ................................. ... .................... 1,640.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... Local transportation ....................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,387.60 .................... ............. ....... .................... ....................
Taxi ................................................................. ............. ................. ............................ ................................... .................... .................... .................... 134.61 .................... ..... ............... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 984.66 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... Sarah Young ............................................................ 1 /17 1 /20 United Kingdom .............................. ...... .................... 1,640.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... Local transportation ....................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,387.60 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Taxi ................................................................. ............. ................. ............................ ................................... .................... .................... .................... 92.42 .................... ...... .............. .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 984.66 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... Matt Washington ..................................................... 1 /17 1 /20 United Kingdom ................................. ... .................... 1,640.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... Local transportation ....................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,387.60 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Taxi ................................................................. ............. ................. ............................ ................................... .................... .................... .................... 127.71 .................... ..... ............... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 984.66 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... Thomas O’Brien ....................................................... 2 /13 2 /18 South Africa .................................. ........ .................... 1,021.00 .................... .................... .................... 13.00 .................... .... ................ 2 /19 2 /21 Mozambique .......................................... .................... 642.00 .................... ................ .... .................... 244.00 .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,449.76 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Andrew Cooper ......................................................... 2 /13 2 /18 South Africa ................................. ......... .................... 1,021.00 .................... .................... .................... 13.00 .................... ... ................. 2 /19 2 /21 Mozambique .......................................... .................... 642.00 .................... ................ .... .................... 244.00 .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,516.76 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Jennifer Hing ........................................................... 2 /13 2 /18 South Africa ............................... ........... .................... 1,021.00 .................... .................... .................... 13.00 .................... . ................... 2 /19 2 /21 Mozambique .......................................... .................... 642.00 .................... ................ .... .................... 244.00 .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,067.76 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... Dale Oak .................................................................. 2 /13 2 /18 South Africa ............................. ............. .................... 1,021.00 .................... .................... .................... 13.00 ................... . .................... 2 /19 2 /21 Mozambique .......................................... .................... 642.00 .................... ................ .... .................... 244.00 .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,122.76 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... 3 /4 3 /6 Peru ...................................................... .................... 705.40 .................... ............ ........ .................... 388.13 .................... .................... 3 /6 3 /9 Chile ..................................................... .................... 1,104.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 425.03 .................... .................... 3 /9 3 /12 Argentina .............................................. .................... 1,023.66 .................... ............ ........ .................... 754.80 .................... .................... 3 /12 3 /14 Brazil .................................................... .................... 893.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 809.45 .................... .................... Hon. Harold Rogers ................................................. 3 /4 3 /6 Peru .............................................. ........ .................... 705.40 .................... .................... .................... 388.13 .................... ..... ............... 3 /6 3 /9 Chile ..................................................... .................... 1,104.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 425.03 .................... .................... 3 /9 3 /12 Argentina .............................................. .................... 1,023.66 .................... ............ ........ .................... 754.80 .................... .................... 3 /12 3 /14 Brazil .................................................... .................... 893.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 809.45 .................... .................... Hon. Peter Visclosky ................................................ 3 /4 3 /6 Peru ............................................. ......... .................... 705.40 .................... .................... .................... 388.13 .................... .... ................ 3 /6 3 /9 Chile ..................................................... .................... 1,104.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 425.03 .................... .................... 3 /9 3 /12 Argentina .............................................. .................... 1,023.66 .................... ............ ........ .................... 754.80 .................... .................... 3 /12 3 /14 Brazil .................................................... .................... 893.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 809.45 .................... .................... Hon. Ken Calvert ..................................................... 3 /4 3 /6 Peru ............................................ .......... .................... 705.40 .................... .................... .................... 388.13 .................... ... ................. 3 /6 3 /9 Chile ..................................................... .................... 1,104.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 425.03 .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 6,846.96 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... Hon. Tom Cole ......................................................... 3 /4 3 /6 Peru ........................................... ........... .................... 705.40 .................... .................... .................... 388.13 .................... .. .................. 3 /6 3 /9 Chile ..................................................... .................... 1,104.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 425.03 .................... ....................
3 /9 3 /12 Argentina .............................................. .................... 1,023.66 .................... ............ ........ .................... 754.80 .................... .................... 3 /12 3 /14 Brazil .................................................... .................... 893.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 809.45 .................... .................... Hon. Henry Cuellar .................................................. 3 /4 3 /6 Peru ............................................. ......... .................... 705.40 .................... .................... .................... 388.13 .................... .... ................ 3 /6 3 /9 Chile ..................................................... .................... 1,104.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 425.03 .................... .................... 3 /9 3 /12 Argentina .............................................. .................... 1,023.66 .................... ............ ........ .................... 754.80 .................... .................... 3 /12 3 /14 Brazil .................................................... .................... 893.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 809.45 .................... .................... Hon. Steve Womack ................................................. 3 /4 3 /6 Peru ............................................... ....... .................... 705.40 .................... .................... .................... 388.13 .................... ...... .............. 3 /6 3 /9 Chile ..................................................... .................... 1,104.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 425.03 .................... .................... 3 /9 3 /12 Argentina .............................................. .................... 1,023.66 .................... ............ ........ .................... 754.80 .................... .................... 3 /12 3 /14 Brazil .................................................... .................... 893.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 809.45 .................... .................... Hon. Evan Jenkins ................................................... 3 /4 3 /6 Peru ............................................. ......... .................... 705.40 .................... .................... .................... 388.13 .................... .... ................ 3 /6 3 /9 Chile ..................................................... .................... 1,104.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 425.03 .................... .................... 3 /9 3 /12 Argentina .............................................. .................... 1,023.66 .................... ............ ........ .................... 754.80 .................... .................... 3 /12 3 /14 Brazil .................................................... .................... 893.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 809.45 .................... .................... David Pomerantz ..................................................... 3 /4 3 /6 Peru ............................................. ......... .................... 705.40 .................... .................... .................... 388.13 .................... .... ................ 3 /6 3 /9 Chile ..................................................... .................... 1,104.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 425.03 .................... .................... 3 /9 3 /12 Argentina .............................................. .................... 1,023.66 .................... ............ ........ .................... 754.80 .................... .................... 3 /12 3 /14 Brazil .................................................... .................... 893.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 809.45 .................... .................... Anne Marie Chotvacs .............................................. 3 /4 3 /6 Peru ................................................ ...... .................... 705.40 .................... .................... .................... 388.13 .................... ....... ............. 3 /6 3 /9 Chile ..................................................... .................... 1,104.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 425.03 .................... .................... 3 /9 3 /12 Argentina .............................................. .................... 1,023.66 .................... ............ ........ .................... 754.80 .................... .................... 3 /12 3 /14 Brazil .................................................... .................... 893.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 809.45 .................... .................... Marta Hernandez ..................................................... 3 /4 3 /6 Peru ............................................. ......... .................... 705.40 .................... .................... .................... 388.13 .................... .... ................ 3 /6 3 /9 Chile ..................................................... .................... 1,104.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 425.03 .................... .................... 3 /9 3 /12 Argentina .............................................. .................... 1,023.66 .................... ............ ........ .................... 754.80 .................... ....................
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8474 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.002 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2335 May 12, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016— Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
3 /12 3 /14 Brazil .................................................... .................... 893.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 809.45 .................... ....................
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 64,440.69 .................... 150,309.06 .................... 27,992.67 .............. ...... 242,742.42 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS, Chairman, Apr. 29, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDE D BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Luke Messer .................................................... 12 /28 12 /29 Japan ........................................ ............ .................... 221.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 221.00 12 /29 12 /31 Thailand ................................................ .................... 492.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 492.00 12 /31 1 /2 Burma ................................................... .................... 676.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 676.00 1 /2 1 /3 Japan .................................................... .................... 69.00 .................... * 1,391.16 .... ................ .................... .................... 1,460.16 Hon. Carlos Curbelo ................................................ 1 /19 1 /22 Afghanistan ..................................... ..... .................... 12.50 .................... * 18,418.26 .................... .................... .................... 18,43 0.76 1 /22 1 /24 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 499.52 .................... ** ........ ............ .................... .................... 499.52 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 1,970.02 .................... 19,809.42 .................... .................... ...... .............. 21,799.44 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. * MILAIR broke down. ** Roundtrip to USA. HON. JOHN KLINE, Chairman, Apr. 19, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEE N JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
David Redl ............................................................... 2 /21 2 /25 Spain ..................................... ............... .................... 1,631.60 .................... 7,092.46 .................... .................... .............. ...... 8,724.06 David Goldman ........................................................ 2 /21 2 /25 Spain ......................................... ........... .................... 1,661.44 .................... 7,091.46 .................... .................... .................. .. 8,752.90 David Redl ............................................................... 3 /3 3 /10 Morocco .................................... ............. .................... 1,485.25 .................... 14,773.66 .................... .................... ............... ..... 16,258.91 Charlotte Savercool ................................................. 3 /3 3 /10 Morocco ......................................... ........ .................... 1,485.25 .................... 14,588.86 .................... .................... .................... 16,074.11 Gerald Levrich ......................................................... 3 /3 3 /10 Morocco ...................................... ........... .................... 1,485.25 .................... 14,773.66 .................... .................... ................. ... 16,258.91 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 7,748.79 .................... 58,320.10 .................... .................... ...... .............. 66,068.89 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. FRED UPTON, Chairman, Apr. 21, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN  JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Dennis Ross .................................................... 1 /18 1 /20 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 1,000.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 1 /20 1 /21 Oman .................................................... .................... 227.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 227.00 1 /21 1 /22 UAE ....................................................... .................... 440.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 440.00 1 /22 1 /23 Bahrain ................................................. .................... 530.16 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 530.16 1 /23 1 /24 Qatar ..................................................... .................... 288.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 288.00 1 /24 1 /25 Belgium ................................................ .................... 315.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 315.00 Hon. Randy Hultgren ............................................... 2 /14 2 /17 Australia ........................................ ....... .................... 840.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 840.30 2 /17 2 /18 Singapore .............................................. .................... 445.84 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 445.84 2 /18 2 /19 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 289.81 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 289.81 2 /19 2 /20 Rwanda ................................................. .................... 297.80 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 297.80 2 /20 2 /21 Ethiopia ................................................ .................... 390.14 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 390.14 2 /21 2 /23 Spain .................................................... .................... 166.26 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 166.26 Hon. David Schweikert ............................................ 3 /4 3 /6 Chile ............................................... ...... .................... 612.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 612.00 3 /6 3 /8 Argentina .............................................. .................... 686.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 686.00 3 /8 3 /10 Uruguay ................................................ .................... 504.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 504.00 3 /10 3 /11 Paraguay ............................................... .................... 271.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 271.00 3 /11 3 /12 Costa Rica ............................................ .................... 208.00 .................... 707.43 ....... ............. .................... .................... 915.43 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 7,511.31 .................... 707.43 .................... .................... ......... ........... 8,218.74 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. JEB HENSARLING, Chairman, Apr. 29, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JA N. 1 AND MAR. 1, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Paul Behrends ......................................................... 3 /18 3 /21 Belgium ...................................... .......... .................... 1,301.11 .................... 13,418.00 .................... .................... .................. .. 14,719.11 Philip Bednarczyk .................................................... 3 /18 3 /21 Belgium ....................................... ......... .................... 1,301.11 .................... 2,283.46 .................... .................... .................... 3,584.57 Thomas Alexander ................................................... 2 /14 2 /16 United Kingdom .................................. .. .................... 1,014.00 .................... 1,237.46 .................... .................... .................... 2,251.4 6 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.002 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2336 May 12, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JA N. 1 AND MAR. 1, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2 /16 2 /18 France ................................................... .................... 1,001.92 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,001.92 2 /18 2 /20 Netherlands .......................................... .................... 643.67 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 643.67 Sadaf Khan .............................................................. 2 /14 2 /16 United Kingdom ............................. ....... .................... 999.52 .................... 1,237.66 .................... .................... .................... 2,27 3.18 2 /16 2 /18 France ................................................... .................... 1,000.92 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,000.92 2 /18 2 /20 Netherlands .......................................... .................... 639.50 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 639.50 3 /4 3 /6 Chile ..................................................... .................... 612.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 612.00 3 /6 3 /8 Argentina .............................................. .................... 686.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 686.00 3 /8 3 /10 Uruguay ................................................ .................... 504.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 504.00 3 /10 3 /11 Paraguay ............................................... .................... 271.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 271.00 3 /11 3 /12 Costa Rica ............................................ .................... 208.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 208.00 Sarah Blocher .......................................................... 2 /14 2 /16 United Kingdom .............................. ...... .................... 980.73 .................... 1,237.46 .................... .................... .................... 2,254 .19 2 /16 2 /18 France ................................................... .................... 1,001.92 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 1,001.92 2 /18 2 /20 Netherlands .......................................... .................... 593.92 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 593.92 Rep. Jeff Duncan ..................................................... 3 /4 3 /6 Chile ........................................... .......... .................... 612.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 612.00 3 /6 3 /8 Argentina .............................................. .................... 686.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 686.00 3 /8 3 /10 Uruguay ................................................ .................... 504.00 .................... (3) .................... 3,597.00 .................... 4,101.00 3 /10 3 /11 Paraguay ............................................... .................... 271.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 271.00 3 /11 3 /12 Costa Rica ............................................ .................... 208.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 208.00 Rep. Scott DesJarlais .............................................. 3 /4 3 /6 Chile ............................................. ........ .................... 612.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 612.00 3 /6 3 /8 Argentina .............................................. .................... 686.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 686.00 3 /8 3 /10 Uruguay ................................................ .................... 504.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 504.00 3 /10 3 /11 Paraguay ............................................... .................... 271.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 271.00 3 /11 3 /12 Costa Rica ............................................ .................... 208.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 208.00 Rep. Ted Yoho ......................................................... 1 /16 1 /17 Ethiopia ..................................... ........... .................... 702.62 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 702.62 1 /17 1 /19 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 568.00 .................... 549.50 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,117.50 1 /19 1 /21 Democratic Rep. of Congo ................... .................... 654.00 .................... 6,113.46 ................ .... .................... .................... 6,767.46 3 /4 3 /6 Chile ..................................................... .................... 612.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 612.00 3 /6 3 /8 Argentina .............................................. .................... 686.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 686.00 3 /8 3 /10 Uruguay ................................................ .................... 504.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 504.00 3 /10 3 /11 Paraguay ............................................... .................... 271.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 271.00 3 /11 3 /12 Costa Rica ............................................ .................... 208.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 208.00 Rep. Albio Sires ....................................................... 3 /4 3 /6 Chile ......................................... ............ .................... 612.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 612.00 3 /6 3 /8 Argentina .............................................. .................... 686.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 686.00 3 /8 3 /10 Uruguay ................................................ .................... 504.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 504.00 3 /10 3 /11 Paraguay ............................................... .................... 271.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 271.00 3 /11 3 /12 Costa Rica ............................................ .................... 208.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 208.00 Rebecca Ulrich ........................................................ 3 /4 3 /6 Chile .......................................... ........... .................... 612.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 612.00 3 /6 3 /8 Argentina .............................................. .................... 686.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 686.00 3 /8 3 /10 Uruguay ................................................ .................... 504.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 504.00 3 /10 3 /11 Paraguay ............................................... .................... 271.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 271.00 3 /11 3 /12 Costa Rica ............................................ .................... 208.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 208.00 Mark Walker ............................................................. 3 /4 3 /6 Chile ........................................ ............. .................... 612.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 612.00 3 /6 3 /8 Argentina .............................................. .................... 686.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 686.00 3 /8 3 /10 Uruguay ................................................ .................... 504.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 504.00 3 /10 3 /11 Paraguay ............................................... .................... 271.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 271.00 3 /11 3 /12 Costa Rica ............................................ .................... 208.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 208.00 Greg Simpkins ......................................................... 3 /6 3 /12 Nigeria ....................................... ........... .................... 2,269.80 .................... 4,192.26 .................... .................... .................. .. 6,462.06 Lesley Warner .......................................................... 3 /6 3 /12 Nigeria ...................................... ............ .................... 2,427.00 .................... 4,192.26 .................... .................... ................. ... 6,619.26 Rep. Reid Ribble ..................................................... 2 /15 2 /17 Australia ..................................... .......... .................... 924.39 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 924.39 2 /17 2 /18 Singapore .............................................. .................... 420.15 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 420.15 2 /18 2 /19 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 280.40 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 280.40 2 /19 2 /20 Rwanda ................................................. .................... 273.05 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 273.05 2 /20 2 /21 Ethiopia ................................................ .................... 375.14 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 375.14 2 /21 2 /22 Spain .................................................... .................... 175.55 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 175.55 Shellie Bressler ........................................................ 2 /14 2 /17 United Arab Emirates ....................... .... .................... 1,203.75 .................... 2,130.46 .................... .................... .................... 3,334 .21 2 /17 2 /20 Denmark ............................................... .................... 824.08 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 824.08 Mark Iozzi ................................................................ 2 /14 2 /17 United Arab Emirates ..................... ...... .................... 1,176.75 .................... 2,130.46 .................... .................... .................... 3,3 07.21 2 /17 2 /20 Denmark ............................................... .................... 914.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 914.00 Jason Steinbaum ..................................................... 2 /14 2 /19 Kosovo ......................................... .......... .................... 480.36 .................... 3,589.36 .................... .................... .................... 4 ,069.72 Morley Greene .......................................................... 2 /15 2 /16 Austria ..................................... ............. .................... 330.00 .................... 1,836.96 .................... .................... .................. .. 2,166.96 2 /16 2 /17 Kosovo ................................................... .................... 63.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 63.00 2 /17 2 /18 Germany ................................................ .................... 313.41 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 313.41 Leah Campos ........................................................... 2 /15 2 /16 Brazil ....................................... ............. .................... 592.60 .................... 2,088.07 .................... .................... .................. .. 2,680.67 3 /6 3 /8 Argentina .............................................. .................... 653.47 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 653.47 2 /18 2 /19 Uruguay ................................................ .................... 247.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 247.00 Piero Tozzi ................................................................ 2 /15 2 /16 Brazil .................................. .................. .................... 592.69 .................... 2,088.07 .................... .................... ............. ....... 2,680.76 2 /17 2 /18 Argentina .............................................. .................... 682.32 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 682.32 2 /18 2 /19 Uruguay ................................................ .................... 179.80 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 179.80 Doug Campbell ........................................................ 2 /15 2 /16 Brazil ........................................ ............ .................... 592.60 .................... 2,319.07 .................... .................... ................... . 2,911.67 2 /17 2 /18 Argentina .............................................. .................... 653.47 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 653.47 2 /18 2 /19 Uruguay ................................................ .................... 494.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 494.00 Eric Jacobstein ........................................................ 2 /15 2 /16 Brazil ...................................... .............. .................... 592.69 .................... 2,319.07 .................... .................... ................. ... 2,911.67 2 /17 2 /18 Argentina .............................................. .................... 653.47 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 653.47 2 /18 2 /19 Uruguay ................................................ .................... 494.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 494.00 Rep. Edward Royce .................................................. 1 /16 1 /17 Ethiopia ........................................ ........ .................... 702.62 .................... (
3) .................... *3,001.21 .................... 3,703.83 1 /17 1 /19 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 568.00 .................... 549.50 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,117.50 1 /19 1 /20 Democratic Rep. of Congo ................... .................... 327.00 .................... 4,539.88 ................ .... .................... .................... 4,866.88 Rep. David Trott ...................................................... 1 /16 1 /17 Ethiopia ..................................... ........... .................... 702.62 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 702.62 1 /17 1 /19 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 568.00 .................... 549.50 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,117.50 1 /19 1 /20 Democratic Rep. of Congo ................... .................... 327.00 .................... 7,632.46 ................ .... .................... .................... 7,959.46 Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen ........................................ 1 /16 1 /17 Ethiopia ........................................... ..... .................... 688.62 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 688.62 1 /17 1 /19 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 509.00 .................... 549.50 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,058.50 1 /19 1 /20 Democratic Rep. of Congo ................... .................... 300.00 .................... 4,101.26 ................ .... .................... .................... 4,401.26 Rep. Reid Ribble ..................................................... 1 /16 1 /17 Ethiopia ...................................... .......... .................... 702.62 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 702.62 1 /17 1 /19 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 568.00 .................... 549.50 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,117.50 1 /19 1 /20 Democratic Rep. of Congo ................... .................... 327.00 .................... 7,561.06 ................ .... .................... .................... 7,888.06 Rep. Eliot Engel ....................................................... 1 /16 1 /17 Ethiopia .................................... ............ .................... 702.62 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 702.62 1 /17 1 /19 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 568.00 .................... 549.50 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,117.50 1 /19 1 /20 Democratic Rep. of Congo ................... .................... 327.00 .................... 7,600.96 ................ .... .................... .................... 7,927.96 3 /20 3 /22 Cuba ..................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. 912.49 .................... .................... .................... 912.49 Thomas P. Sheehy ................................................... 1 /16 1 /17 Ethiopia ........................................ ........ .................... 702.62 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 702.62 1 /17 1 /19 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 568.00 .................... 549.50 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,117.50 1 /19 1 /20 Democratic Rep. of Congo ................... .................... 327.00 .................... 5,848.78 ................ .... .................... .................... 6,175.78 Doug Campbell ........................................................ 1 /16 1 /17 Ethiopia ...................................... .......... .................... 702.62 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 702.62 1 /17 1 /19 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 568.00 .................... 549.50 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,117.50 1 /19 1 /20 Democratic Rep. of Congo ................... .................... 327.00 .................... 7,600.96 ................ .... .................... .................... 7,927.96 Cory Fritz ................................................................. 1 /16 1 /17 Ethiopia ................................ ................ .................... 702.62 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 702.62 1 /17 1 /19 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 568.00 .................... 549.50 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,117.50 1 /19 1 /20 Democratic Rep. of Congo ................... .................... 327.00 .................... 5,848.78 ................ .... .................... .................... 6,175.78 Worku Gachou .......................................................... 1 /16 1 /17 Ethiopia ..................................... ........... .................... 702.62 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 702.62 1 /17 1 /19 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 568.00 .................... 549.50 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,117.50 1 /19 1 /20 Democratic Rep. of Congo ................... .................... 327.00 .................... 5,848.78 ................ .... .................... .................... 6,175.78 Amy Porter ............................................................... 1 /16 1 /17 Ethiopia .................................. .............. .................... 702.62 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 702.62 1 /17 1 /19 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 568.00 .................... 549.50 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,117.50 1 /19 1 /20 Democratic Rep. of Congo ................... .................... 327.00 .................... 5,848.78 ................ .... .................... .................... 6,175.78 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.002 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2337 May 12, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JA N. 1 AND MAR. 1, 2016— Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Elizabeth Heng ........................................................ 1 /16 1 /17 Ethiopia ..................................... ........... .................... 702.62 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 702.62 1 /17 1 /19 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 568.00 .................... 549.50 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,117.50 1 /19 1 /20 Democratic Rep. of Congo ................... .................... 327.00 .................... 5,848.78 ................ .... .................... .................... 6,175.78 Lesley Warner .......................................................... 1 /16 1 /17 Ethiopia .................................... ............ .................... 702.62 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 702.62 1 /17 1 /19 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 568.00 .................... 549.50 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,117.50 1 /19 1 /20 Democratic Rep. of Congo ................... .................... 327.00 .................... 7,600.96 ................ .... .................... .................... 7,927.96 Matt Zweig .............................................................. 1 /21 1 /25 Czech Republic ............................. ........ .................... 1,000.99 .................... 2,810.26 .................... .................... .................... 3 ,811.25 Kristen Marquardt ................................................... 1 /21 1 /25 Czech Republic ................................. .... .................... 1,000.99 .................... 2,810.26 .................... .................... .................... 3,811 .25 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 68,322.21 .................... 142,043.49 .................... 6,598.21 ............... ..... 216,963.91 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. * Indicates Delegation Costs HON. EDWARD. R. ROYCE, Chairman, Apr. 29, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
CODEL Carper: N. Torres ......................................................... 1 /14 1 /15 Guatemala ........................................ .... .................... .................... .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 1 /15 1 /16 El Salvador ........................................... .................... .................... .................... 1 ,146.99 .................... .................... .................... 1,146.99 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... .................... .................... 1,146.99 .................... ................ .... .................... 1,146.99 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL, Chairman, Apr. 28, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWE EN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Sean Moran ............................................................. 2 /14 2 /21 Panama ...................................... .......... .................... 932.00 .................... 1,148.26 .................... 800.00 .................... 2,880.26 John Clocker ............................................................ 2 /14 2 /18 Panama ..................................... ........... .................... 932.00 .................... 1,148.26 .................... .................... .................... 2,080.26 Mary Sue Englund ................................................... 2 /14 2 /18 Panama .......................................... ...... .................... 897.00 .................... 842.26 .................... .................... .................... 1,739.2 6 Cole Felder ............................................................... 2 /14 2 /18 Panama ................................... ............. .................... 907.00 .................... 842.26 .................... .................... .................... 1,749.26 James Fleet .............................................................. 2 /14 2 /18 Panama .................................... ............ .................... 914.00 .................... 1,119.16 .................... .................... ................... . 2,033.16 Edward Flaherty ....................................................... 2 /14 2 /20 Panama ....................................... ......... .................... 907.51 .................... 1,148.26 .................... .................... .................... 2, 055.77 Khalil Abboud .......................................................... 2 /14 2 /18 Panama ...................................... .......... .................... 913.00 .................... 1,148.26 .................... .................... .................... 2 ,061.26 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 6,402.51 .................... 7,396.72 .................... 800.00 .................... 14,599.23 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. CANDICE S. MILLER, Chairman, Apr. 29, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN.  1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Rau´l Labrador ................................................. 3 /3 3 /12 Chile .................................................... . .................... 871.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,410.00 .................... 2,281.00 ............. ................. Argentina .............................................. .................... .................... .. .................. (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ................. Uruguay ................................................ .................... .................... .. .................. (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ................. Paraguay ............................................... .................... .................... .. .................. (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ................. Costa Rica ............................................ .................... .................... ... ................. (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 871.00 .................... .................... .................... 1,410.00 ......... ........... 2,281.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. BOB GOODLATTE, Chairman, Apr. 29, 2016. 
(AMENDMENT) REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESEN TATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Sean Hayes .............................................................. 12 /6 12 /12 France .................................... ............... .................... 733.00 .................... 1,088.00 .................... .................... ................ .... 1,821.00 Ryan Hambleton ...................................................... 12 /6 12 /12 France ........................................ ........... .................... 733.00 .................... 1,088.00 .................... .................... .................... 1,821.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 1,466.00 .................... 2,176.00 .................... .................... ....... ............. 3,642.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. JASON CHAFFETZ, Chairman, Apr. 29, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.002 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2338 May 12, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXP ENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Cynthia Lummis .............................................. 12 /28 12 /29 Japan ........................................... ......... .................... 289.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 289.00 12 /29 12 /31 Thailand ................................................ .................... 458.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 458.00 12 /31 1 /2 Burma ................................................... .................... 694.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 694.00 Hon. Steve Russell .................................................. 1 /16 1 /18 Turkey ......................................... .......... .................... 860.00 .................... 13,708.00 .................... .................... .................... 14,568.00 1 /18 1 /20 Jordan ................................................... .................... 780.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 780.00 1 /20 1 /21 Austria .................................................. .................... 343.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 343.00 Delegation expenses ................................................ ............. ................. .............................. ................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 7,562.00 .................... 7,562.00 Hon. Stephen Lynch ................................................. 1 /16 1 /18 Turkey .......................................... ......... .................... 860.00 .................... 16,525.00 .................... .................... .................... 1 7,385.00 1 /18 1 /20 Jordan ................................................... .................... 780.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 780.00 1 /20 1 /21 Austria .................................................. .................... 343.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 343.00 Sang Yi .................................................................... 1 /16 1 /18 Turkey .................................. ................. .................... 860.00 .................... 15,091.00 .................... .................... ............. ....... 15,951.00 1 /18 1 /20 Japan .................................................... .................... 780.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 780.00 1 /20 1 /21 Austria .................................................. .................... 343.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 343.00 Bruce Fernandez ...................................................... 1 /16 1 /18 Turkey ........................................ ........... .................... 860.00 .................... 15,091.00 .................... .................... ................... . 15,951.00 1 /18 1 /20 Jordan ................................................... .................... 780.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 780.00 1 /20 1 /21 Austria .................................................. .................... 343.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 343.00 Hon. Stephen Lynch ................................................. 2 /12 2 /14 Germany ......................................... ....... .................... 660.00 .................... 8,101.00 .................... .................... .................... 8,76 1.00 Hon. Tim Walberg .................................................... 2 /15 2 /17 Australia ...................................... ......... .................... 622.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 622.00 2 /17 2 /18 Singapore .............................................. .................... 351.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 351.00 2 /18 2 /19 Tanzania ............................................... .................... 264.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 264.00 2 /19 2 /20 Rwanda ................................................. .................... 270.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 270.00 2 /20 2 /21 Ethiopia ................................................ .................... 379.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 379.00 2 /21 2 /22 Spain .................................................... .................... 180.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 180.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 12,099.00 .................... 68,516.00 .................... 7,562.00 ................ .... 88,177.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. JASON CHAFFETZ, Chairman, Apr. 29, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Steve Chabot ................................................... 3 /5 3 /7 Guatemala ........................................ .... .................... 223.00 .................... 1,275.52 .................... .................... .................... 1,498.5 2 3 /7 3 /9 Honduras .............................................. .................... 284.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 284.00 3 /9 3 /11 Costa Rica ............................................ .................... 256.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 256.00 Kevin Fitzpatrick ...................................................... 3 /5 3 /7 Guatemala ..................................... ....... .................... 223.00 .................... 1,380.52 .................... .................... .................... 1,60 3.52 3 /7 3 /9 Honduras .............................................. .................... 284.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 284.00 3 /9 3 /11 Costa Rica ............................................ .................... 256.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 256.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 3,052.00 .................... 2,656.04 .................... .................... ....... ............. 5,708.04 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. STEVE CHABOT, Chairman, Apr. 28, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. JEFF MILLER, Chairman, Apr. 26, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Angela Ellard ........................................................... 3 /6 3 /8 Japan ........................................ ............ .................... 765.67 .................... 17,139.86 .................... 1,224.20 .................... 19,129.73  3 /8 3 /10 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 424.70 .................... .............. ...... .................... 150.37 .................... 575.07 3 /10 3 /12 Singapore .............................................. .................... 721.66 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 721.66 Stephen Claeys ........................................................ 3 /6 3 /8 Japan .......................................... .......... .................... 736.41 .................... 17,139.86 .................... .................... .................... 17,876.27 3 /8 3 /10 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 395.44 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 395.44 3 /10 3 /12 Singapore .............................................. .................... 692.40 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 692.40 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 3,736.28 .................... 34,279.72 .................... 1,374.57 ................. ... 39,390.57 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Chairman, May 2, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016
* 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Brad Wenstrup ................................................ 12 /27 12 /29 Asia ........................................... ............ .................... 214.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 214.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.002 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2339 May 12, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016
*—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
12 /29 12 /31 Asia ....................................................... .................... 468.21 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... 468.21 12 /31 1 /2 Asia ....................................................... .................... 676.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 676.00 ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,964.06 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,964.06 Hon. Michael Conaway ............................................ 12 /27 12 /29 Asia ............................................. .......... .................... 580.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 580.00 12 /29 12 /31 Asia ....................................................... .................... 468.21 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... 468.21 12 /31 1 /2 Asia ....................................................... .................... 676.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 676.00 ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... .................... Hon. Frank LoBiondo ............................................... 1 /15 1 /17 Africa ........................................... ......... .................... 654.00 .................... .................... .................... 2,126.39 .................... 2, 780.39 1 /17 1 /19 Africa .................................................... .................... 613.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,686.00 .................... 2,299.00 1 /19 1 /20 Africa .................................................... .................... 435.16 .................... .......... .......... .................... 583.99 .................... 1,019.15 1 /21 1 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 66.00 .................... 66.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 17,318.68 .................... ............ ........ .................... 17,318.68 Damon Nelson ......................................................... 1 /15 1 /17 Africa ........................................ ............ .................... 654.00 .................... .................... .................... 2,126.40 ................... . 2,780.40 1 /17 1 /19 Africa .................................................... .................... 613.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,686.00 .................... 2,299.00 1 /19 1 /20 Africa .................................................... .................... 435.16 .................... .......... .......... .................... 583.99 .................... 1,019.15 1 /21 1 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 66.00 .................... 66.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 17,318.68 .................... ............ ........ .................... 17,318.68 Amanda Rogers-Thorpe ........................................... 1 /17 1 /22 Asia ................................................ ....... .................... 1,378.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,378.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 16,428.46 .................... ............ ........ .................... 16,428.46 Chelsey Campbell .................................................... 1 /17 1 /22 Asia ........................................... ............ .................... 1,378.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,378.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 17,318.68 .................... ............ ........ .................... 17,318.68 Hon. Adam Schiff .................................................... 1 /17 1 /19 Europe ......................................... .......... .................... 811.00 .................... 607.00 .................... 164.66 .................... 1,582.66 1 /19 1 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... 589.16 .................... ........... ......... .................... 15.49 .................... 604.65 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,469.26 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,469.26 Timothy Bergreen ..................................................... 1 /17 1 /19 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 811.00 .................... 607.00 .................... 164.66 .................... 1,582.66 1 /19 1 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... 589.16 .................... ........... ......... .................... 15.49 .................... 604.65 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,706.16 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,706.16 Linda Cohen ............................................................ 1 /17 1 /19 Europe ...................................... ............. .................... 811.00 .................... 607.00 .................... 164.67 .................... 1,582.67 1 /19 1 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... 589.16 .................... ........... ......... .................... 15.49 .................... 604.65 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,706.36 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,706.36 Shannon Stuart ....................................................... 1 /16 1 /18 South America ................................. ..... .................... 948.00 .................... 887.00 .................... 180.00 .................... 2,015.00 1 /18 1 /22 South America ...................................... .................... 405.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 405.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,219.47 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,219.47 Lisa Major ................................................................ 1 /16 1 /18 South America ............................ .......... .................... 948.00 .................... 887.00 .................... 180.00 .................... 2,015.00 1 /18 1 /22 South America ...................................... .................... 405.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 405.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,219.47 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,219.47 Thomas Eager .......................................................... 1 /16 1 /18 South America ................................ ...... .................... 948.00 .................... 887.00 .................... 180.00 .................... 2,015.00 1 /18 1 /22 South America ...................................... .................... 405.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 405.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,219.47 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,219.47 Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 1 /27 1 /30 Asia ........................................... ............ .................... 828.39 .................... .................... .................... 237.18 .................... 1 ,065.57 1 /30 2 /1 Asia ....................................................... .................... 679.53 .................... .......... .......... .................... 90.95 .................... 770.48 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 21,335.02 .................... ............ ........ .................... 21,335.02 Jacob Crisp .............................................................. 1 /27 1 /30 Asia ...................................... ................. .................... 828.39 .................... .................... .................... 237.18 ................ .... 1,065.58 1 /30 2 /1 Asia ....................................................... .................... 679.53 .................... .......... .......... .................... 90.95 .................... 770.48 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 21,330.02 .................... ............ ........ .................... 21,330.02 Hon. Adam Schiff .................................................... 2 /13 2 /15 Africa ......................................... ........... .................... 581.22 .................... 255.46 .................... 80.39 .................... 917.07 2 /15 2 /17 Africa .................................................... .................... 740.00 .................... 366.69 ... ................. 2,200.00 .................... 3,306.69 2 /17 2 /19 Africa .................................................... .................... 418.12 .................... .......... .......... .................... 249.54 .................... 667.66 
2 /19 2 /20 Africa .................................................... .................... 283.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 283.00 ............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... .................... Diane Rinaldo .......................................................... 2 /12 2 /18 Europe ...................................... ............. .................... 1,857.16 .................... .................... .................... 113.62 .................. .. 1,970.78 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,052.76 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,052.76 Scott Glabe .............................................................. 2 /12 2 /18 Europe .................................... ............... .................... 1,392.87 .................... .................... .................... 113.62 ................ .... 1,506.49 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,015.66 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,015.66 Lisa Major ................................................................ 3 /6 3 /8 Asia ....................................... ................ .................... 588.00 .................... 66.60 .................... .................... .................. .. 654.60 3 /8 3 /9 Asia ....................................................... .................... 80.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12.90 .................... 92.90 3 /9 3 /11 Asia ....................................................... .................... 460.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 73.50 .................... 533.50 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 17,262.86 .................... ............ ........ .................... 17,262.86 Chelsey Campbell .................................................... 3 /6 3 /8 Asia ............................................. .......... .................... 588.00 .................... 66.60 .................... 60.94 .................... 715.54 3 /8 3 /9 Asia ....................................................... .................... 80.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12.90 .................... 92.90 3 /9 3 /11 Asia ....................................................... .................... 460.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 73.50 .................... 533.50 Commercial airfaire ........................................ ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 17,262.86 .................... ............ ........ .................... 17,262.86 Hon. Jackie Speier ................................................... 3 /7 3 /10 Asia ........................................... ............ .................... 828.74 .................... .................... .................... 405.90 .................... 1 ,234.64 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 10,344.86 .................... ............ ........ .................... 10,344.86 Hon. Terri Sewell ..................................................... 3 /7 3 /10 Asia .......................................... ............. .................... 728.74 .................... .................... .................... 405.90 .................... 1,134.64 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,140.16 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,140.16 Hon. Michael Quigley ............................................... 3 /7 3 /10 Asia ............................................. .......... .................... 828.74 .................... .................... .................... 405.90 .................... 1,2 34.64 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 15,905.46 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,905.46 Robert Minehart ....................................................... 3 /7 3 /10 Asia .......................................... ............. .................... 828.74 .................... .................... .................... 405.90 .................... 1,234.64 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,174.46 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,174.46 Timothy Bergreen ..................................................... 3 /7 3 /10 Asia ........................................... ............ .................... 828.74 .................... .................... .................... 405.90 .................... 1 ,234.64 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 16,044.46 .................... ............ ........ .................... 16,044.46 Andrew House .......................................................... 3 /7 3 /10 Asia .......................................... ............. .................... 828.74 .................... .................... .................... 405.90 .................... 1,234.64 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 16,044.46 .................... ............ ........ .................... 16,044.46 Damon Nelson ......................................................... 3 /7 3 /9 Asia ............................................ ........... .................... 825.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 825.00 3 /9 3 /12 Asia ....................................................... .................... 1,032.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 1,032.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 22,373.16 .................... ............ ........ .................... 22,373.16 George Pappas ........................................................ 3 /7 3 /9 Asia ............................................ ........... .................... 825.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 825.00 3 /9 3 /12 Asia ....................................................... .................... 1,032.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 1,032.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 21,973.16 .................... ............ ........ .................... 21,973.16 Scott Glabe .............................................................. 3 /7 3 /9 Asia ........................................ ............... .................... 825.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 825.00 3 /9 3 /12 Asia ....................................................... .................... 1,032.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 1,032.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 21,973.16 .................... ............ ........ .................... 21,973.16 Hon. James Himes ................................................... 3 /29 3 /31 Asia ............................................ ........... .................... 918.66 .................... .................... .................... 47.00 .................... 965 .66 3 /31 4 /2 Asia ....................................................... .................... 150.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,836.42 .................... 1,986.42 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,579.16 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,579.16 Amanda Rogers-Thorpe ........................................... 3 /29 3 /31 Asia ................................................
....... .................... 918.66 .................... .................... .................... 47.00 .................... 965.66 3 /31 4 /2 Asia ....................................................... .................... 150.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,836.42 .................... 1,986.42 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,114.86 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,114.86 Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 3 /31 4 /4 Asia ............................................ ........... .................... 1,114.00 .................... .................... .................... 3,752.95 .................. .. 4,866.95 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 4,588.90 .................... ............. ....... .................... 4,588.90 George Pappas ........................................................ 3 /31 4 /4 Asia ........................................... ............ .................... 1,114.00 .................... .................... .................... 3,752.95 ................. ... 4,866.95 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 5,398.90 .................... ............. ....... .................... 5,398.90 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 44,712.19 .................... 393,013.60 .................... 27,360.55 .............. ...... 465,086.34 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. * In accordance with title 22, United States Code, Section 1754(b)(2), information as would identify the foreign countries in wh ich Committee Members and staff have traveled is omitted. HON. DEVIN NUNES, Chairman, Apr. 29, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.002 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2340 May 12, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, SELECT COMMITTEE ON THE EVENTS SURROUNDING THE 2012 TERRORIST ATTACK IN BEN GHAZI, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. TREY GOWDY, Chairman, Apr. 20, 2016. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5330. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility; Vir-ginia: Albermarle County, Unincorporated Areas, et al.; [Docket ID: FEMA-2016-0002; In-ternal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8429] re-ceived May 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5331. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Regulatory Affairs, Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Commission Par-ticipation and Commission Employee In-volvement in Voluntary Standards Activities [CPSC Docket No.: CPSC-2013-0034] received May 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5332. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Foreign Supplier Verification Programs for Importers of Food for Humans and Animals; Technical Amendment [Docket No.: FDA- 2011-N-0143] (RIN: 0910-AG64) received May 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5333. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Administration for Community Liv-ing, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, transmitting the Department’s final rule — National Institute on Disability, Independent Living, and Rehabilitation Re-search (RIN: 0985-AA12) received May 10, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. THORNBERRY: Committee on Armed Services. Supplemental report on H.R. 4909. A bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–537, Pt. 2). Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 725. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (S. 524) to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use (Rept. 114–564). Referred to the House Cal-endar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. FORBES (for himself, Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ): H.R. 5203. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide for new pro-cedures pertaining to the processing of peti-tions and applications for immigrant or non-immigrant visas or for immigration benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Homeland Security, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. K
IND, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Ms. P
INGREE ): H.R. 5204. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide an exclusion from in-come for student loan forgiveness for stu-dents who have died or become disabled; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 5205. A bill to require ingredient label-ing of certain consumer cleaning products, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GUINTA (for himself and Ms. K
USTER ): H.R. 5206. A bill to redesignate the Saint- Gaudens National Historic Site as the ‘‘Saint-Gaudens National Park for the Arts’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. H
ONDA , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. H
INOJOSA , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. R USH, Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. T
AKAI, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. S IRES, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. H
OYER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. LEE, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. H
ECKof Washington, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. L ARSON of Con-necticut, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. F ARR, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. K IND, Mr. H IMES, Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. K APTUR , Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. E NGEL , Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. F ATTAH , Mrs. T
ORRES , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. M
ENG, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mrs. C
APPS , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. R
ICHMOND , and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD ): H.R. 5207. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide that an alien may not be denied admission to the United States because of the alien’s religion, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. S
HERMAN ): H.R. 5208. A bill to require a report on the designation of the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea as a state sponsor of ter-rorism, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. R
USH, and Mr. W ESTERMAN ): H.R. 5209. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to provide for the payment to affected producers and their employees of duties that are collected pursuant to countervailing and antidumping duty orders, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia (for himself, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mrs. M CMOR-
RISRODGERS , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C OLLINS  of New York, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. F LO-
RES, Mr. H ARPER , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. T HOMPSON  of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
IPTON , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D UNCAN of Ten-nessee, Mr. J
OYCE , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B LUM, Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. L ONG, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mrs. B
LACK , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. P OMPEO , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.002 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2341 May 12, 2016 
Mr. B YRNE , Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. B
OUSTANY ): H.R. 5210. A bill to improve access to dura-ble medical equipment for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota (for him-self, Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. B ARR, Mr. N
EUGEBAUER , and Mr. S TIVERS ): H.R. 5211. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to update the purpose of the Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 5212. A bill to direct the Federal Trade Commission to establish rules to pro-hibit unfair or deceptive acts or practices re-lated to the provision of funeral goods or fu-neral services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska (for him-self, Mr. F
INCHER , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. C
OSTA ): H.R. 5213. A bill to require the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Administration to provide notice and comment rulemaking for the revised enforcement policy relating to the exemption of retail facilities from cov-erage of the process safety management of highly hazardous chemicals standard under section 1910.119(a)(2)(i) of title 29, Code of Federal Regulations; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. R
IBBLE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H INOJOSA , and Ms. T
ITUS): H.R. 5214. A bill to amend the Social Secu-rity Act, the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008, and the Low-Income Home Energy Assist-ance Act of 1981 to require that the value of child’s savings accounts be disregarded for the purpose of determining eligibility to re-ceive benefits under such Acts; and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, Energy and Commerce, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. M OORE , Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALO-
NEYof New York, and Mr. M URPHY of Florida): H.R. 5215. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 to require that supple-mental nutrition assistance program bene-fits be calculated with reference to the cost of the low-cost food plan as determined by the Secretary of Agriculture,’and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. K USTER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. N EAL, Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. K EATING , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. C LAY, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Ms. E
DWARDS , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY  of New York, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. S
ARBANES , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. K IND, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. B EYER , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. S IRES, Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. B ASS, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. T
SONGAS , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, Mr. L
EWIS, Mr. H ECKof Wash-ington, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. E
STY, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. P
LASKETT , Ms. L EE, Ms. L ORETTA  S
ANCHEZ of California, Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. R UIZ, Ms. T
ITUS, Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. H
ONDA , and Mr. P ETERSON ): H.R. 5216. A bill to provide funding for opioid and heroin abuse prevention and treatment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judici-ary, and the Budget, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COSTA: H.R. 5217. A bill to affirm ‘‘The Agreement Between the United States and Westlands Water District’’ dated September 15, 2015, ‘‘The Agreement Between the United States, San Luis Water District, Panoche Water Dis-trict and Pacheco Water District’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. D
ESANTIS (for himself, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mrs. M
IMI WALTERS of California, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. F ORBES , and Mr. M
ARINO ): H.R. 5218. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a certification proc-ess for the issuance of nondisclosure require-ments accompanying certain administrative subpoenas, to provide for judicial review of such nondisclosure requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for her-self and Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida): H.R. 5219. A bill to provide for the estab-lishment of the Task Force on Research Spe-cific to Pregnant Women and Lactating Women, to require an annual report to Con-gress on approved new drug applications with information on pregnancy and lacta-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HIMES (for himself and Mr. W
ESTMORELAND ): H.R. 5220. A bill to direct the President to develop a policy on when an action in cyber-space constitutes a use of force against the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 5221. A bill to require that States and localities receiving grants under the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program require law enforcement officers to undergo training on and thereafter employ de-escalation techniques to assist in reduc-ing the need for the use of force by such offi-cers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 5222. A bill to impose sanctions with respect to persons responsible for knowingly engaging in significant activities under-mining cybersecurity on behalf of or at the direction of the Government of Iran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Ms. PELOSI , Mr. H OYER , Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. W ALZ): H. Res. 726. A resolution recognizing the 100th anniversary of the founding of the American Federation of Teachers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LANGEVIN: H. Res. 727. A resolution supporting the Commission on Enhancing National Cyberse-curity; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Mr. S
ALMON , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. E
NGEL , and Ms. T SONGAS ): H. Res. 728. A resolution supporting human rights, democracy, and the rule of law in Cambodia; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. FORBES: H.R. 5203. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 4 of the Con-stitution provides that Congress shall have power to ‘‘establish an uniform Rule of Natu-ralization.’’ The Supreme Court has long found that this provision of the Constitution grants Congress plenary power over immi-gration policy. As the court found in Galvan v. Press, 347 U.S. 522, 531 (1954) ‘‘ that the for-mulation of policies [pertaining to the entry of aliens and the right to remain here] is en-trusted to Congress has become about as firmly imbedded in the legislative and judi-cial tissues of our body politic as any aspect of our government.’’ By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 5204. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12MY7.100 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2342 May 12, 2016 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes,’’ and Article I, Section 7, which states ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representa-tives.’’ By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 5205. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GUINTA: H.R. 5206. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 5207. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States of America. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 5208. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 5209. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect duties and to regulate Commerce with foreign nations. By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: H.R. 5210. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Consistent with the understanding and in-terpretation of the Commerce Clause, Con-gress has the authority to enact this legisla-tion in accordance with Clause 3 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota: H.R. 5211. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 5212. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §8, cl. 3.: ‘‘To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska: H.R. 5213. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of commerce among the sev-eral states). By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5214. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 2 Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. ADAMS: H.R. 5215. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, to regulate the com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 5216. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. COSTA: H.R. 5217. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States By Mr. DESANTIS: H.R. 5218. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Consitution, Specifically Clause l (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress) By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: H.R. 5219. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 5220. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 5221. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 5222. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States pertaining to the regulation of commerce with foreign na-tions. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 38: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 40: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 155: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 191: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 243: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 250: Mr. W
ESTMORELAND , Mr. B OU-
STANY , and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . H.R. 266: Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. G RAVES of Geor- gia, and Mr. W
ESTMORELAND . H.R. 402: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 448: Mrs. B
USTOS , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. V
ELA, and Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 563: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 649: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 664: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 670: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 711: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania and Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 759: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 781: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 836: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 842: Mr. M
CHENRY . H.R. 865: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 986: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California and Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 1221: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 1301: Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 1519: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 1530: Mr. I
SRAEL . H.R. 1603: Mrs. M
ILLER of Michigan. H.R. 1688: Mr. C
RAMER and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 1713: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 1718: Mr. T
HORNBERRY . H.R. 1779: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 1865: Ms. L
EE, Mr. H ONDA , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. L OFGREN , and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 1984: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 2044: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 2058: Mr. M
ASSIE . H.R. 2059: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 2142: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2170: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 2218: Mr. T
IPTON and Mr. G IBSON . H.R. 2274: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 2285: Mr. P
ITTENGER and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2290: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia and Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 2481: Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 2759: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 2874: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 2903: Mr. P
OMPEO . H.R. 3084: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 3094: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD and Mr. H INO-
JOSA. H.R. 3119: Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. O LSON , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. R AN-
GEL, and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 3142: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3193: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 3351: Ms. B
ASS, Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 3365: Ms. H
AHNand Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 3377: Mr. H
ECKof Washington. H.R. 3486: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 3523: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 3546: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3684: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 3799: Mr. W
ALBERG and Mr. S AMJOHN-
SONof Texas. H.R. 3817: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 3870: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 3880: Mr. T
HORNBERRY . H.R. 3892: Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. Y
ODER , and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Geor- gia. H.R. 4055: Mr. H
ONDA , Ms. W ILSON of Flor- ida, and Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 4062: Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , and Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4073: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4177: Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 4183: Mr. J
OYCE and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 4212: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 4229: Mr. P
OLIQUIN and Mr. R OONEY of Florida. H.R. 4262: Mr. R
OSKAM and Mr. M ULLIN . H.R. 4298: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 4365: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana and Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 4460: Mr. B
EYER and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4474: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 4479: Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. N
EAL, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. S IRES, Mr. V
ELA, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mrs. C APPS , Ms. E STY, Mr. B RADY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. F
ARR, Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. C
OSTA , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. L IPIN-
SKI. H.R. 4499: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 4554: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER and Ms. H ER-
RERA BEUTLER . H.R. 4585: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , and Ms. E SHOO . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.030 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2343 May 12, 2016 
H.R. 4592: Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. E
NGEL , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B ERA, Ms. L OF-
GREN , and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 4625: Mr. C
LAY, Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali- fornia, and Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 4632: Mrs. B
EATTY and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 4640: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 4662: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 4695: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida and Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 4701: Mrs. D
INGELL and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4715: Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. R
OYCE , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. B
RIDENSTINE . H.R. 4717: Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 4729: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 4764: Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 4768: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. S AMJOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. H
URD of Texas, Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK , Mr. M ARCHANT , and Mr. R IGELL . H.R. 4773: Mr. J
ORDAN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. F LO-
RES, Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . H.R. 4775: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 4792: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 4794: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 4795: Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. K ELLY of Penn- sylvania, Mr. W
ITTMAN , and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 4798: Ms. D
UCKWORTH and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 4816: Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. D UFFY , and Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 4819: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 4828: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 4848: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. P
OMPEO . H.R. 4864: Mrs. M
ILLER of Michigan. H.R. 4892: Mr. R
YAN of Ohio and Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 4893: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , and Mr. M ILLER of Florida. H.R. 4925: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 4933: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 4938: Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. R OONEY of Flor- ida, Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 4959: Mr. C
ARNEY and Mr. B ENISHEK . H.R. 4960: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 4979: Mr. L
ONGand Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4994: Mr. W
OODALL . H.R. 5001: Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. P
OMPEO . H.R. 5053: Mr. C
OOK, Mr. H ARRIS , and Mr. P
OMPEO . H.R. 5073: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 5075: Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H.R. 5079: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5091: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE . H.R. 5123: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5130: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 5147: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 5148: Mr. G
RAYSON and Mr. S WALWELL  of California. H.R. 5165: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 5166: Mr. O
LSON , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. H ARRIS , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , and Mr. J ONES . H.J. Res. 48: Mr. PERLMUTTER , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. M
CDERMOTT . H.J. Res. 93: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. K
ILDEE . H. Con. Res. 128: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H. Con. Res. 129: Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. L EVIN, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. H ONDA . H. Res. 14: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H. Res. 220: Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. C
APUANO . H. Res. 647: Mrs. B
EATTY . H. Res. 650: Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , and Mr. M ARINO . H. Res. 660: Mr. S
IRES and Mr. Y OHO. H. Res. 683: Mr. K
ILDEE . H. Res. 684: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. H
AHN, Mr. C ONYERS , and Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 686: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. H
UFFMAN , and Ms. E DWARDS . H. Res. 693: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS and Mr. L
AHOOD. H. Res. 711: Mr. C
A´RDENAS and Mr. G RI-
JALVA . H. Res. 712: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 713: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia, Mr. P
ALLONE , and Mrs. L OWEY . H. Res. 717: Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. B
ENISHEK , and Mr. H IGGINS . H. Res. 724: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. T
AKANO . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.034 H12MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2715 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 12, 2016 No. 75 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To-day’s opening prayer will be offered by Chris Justice, Pastor of Lee Park Church in Monroe, NC. The guest Chaplain offered the fol-lowing prayer: Let us pray. Father in Heaven, Your Name is great. You are sovereign and holy. You offer Christ-centered salvation and peace. You are ever present in our time of need. We thank You for the great gift of the United States of America. We ask You to protect, guide, and direct the Members of the U.S. Senate. For all the issues that might divide us, I pray that Your Spirit would en-lighten us and convict us to fulfill Your call to love one another as You have loved us. May it be true that in all our ways we would acknowledge You so that You would make our paths straight. May it be true that we would desire and ac-tively pursue that Your will be done and Your Kingdom come, on Earth now as it is in Heaven. May it be true that we would be careful to give You all the praise, honor, and glory due You. We pray to You and we praise You in Jesus’s Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
ELLER ). The Senator from North Carolina. WELCOMING THE GUEST CHAPLAIN Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I rise today to welcome a constituent, the senior pastor of Lee Park Church in Monroe, NC, Chris Justice, to the Sen-ate. Chris’s story is an inspiring one. In 2005, Chris was a well-known broad-caster on dual television stations in Charlotte, NC. In November of that year, Chris was called by the Lee Park Church, a congregation of 50 faithful, at which time he committed to be their pastor and to split his time between the church and being a broadcaster. Chris kept that pace up for the next 3 years as he grew a church. He under-stood that God’s calling was to the church and to service, not necessarily to broadcasting. Let me just say that Pastor Chris has grown that church to a lively con-gregation that is involved in their com-munity. His senior leadership there has provided the nurturing that is needed for a community to find their calling in life as part of that church. From the beginning of his career as a news an-chor, Chris always wanted to give back and to be part of the community. He is surely doing that today. Today, Pastor Chris continues to do so, and he has followed the simple strategy that remains the mission of the church—preach the word and love people. I think that sums up Pastor Chris—preach the word and love the people. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I appre-ciate the comments of my colleague, the senior Senator from North Caro-lina. I welcome Pastor Chris, his lovely wife, and friends of the Steward family who came to visit this great Capitol and to grace us with his presence. I will give you a different story. I have been to Lee Park. I was there for an annual event, and I was invited there to be a pimento cheese judge. Let me warn you never to volunteer to taste 29 different varieties of pimento cheese. Pastor Chris has said that they have refined the event now, but what struck me most about that event is how much the people who were at that event love Pastor Chris and love the Justice fam-ily. You have done a great job in Monroe. We thank you for your service to the great citizens of the State. We thank you for your service to this great body today. Thank you, Mr. President. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT APPROPRIATIONS BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, after much deliberation from both sides of the aisle, today we will com-plete our work on the Energy and Water appropriations bill. We know this bill is the result of a great deal of effort, research, and collaboration across the aisle. It passed out of the committee unanimously. It was subject to nearly two dozen amendments from both parties on the floor. As Senator A
LEXANDER pointed out yesterday, we have clearly had an open process from the start that benefited both sides. The energy security and water infra-structure bill is important for our country. We know it will support com-merce, public safety, waterway infra-structure, energy innovation, and our nuclear deterrence posture. We know it is important for the way forward on appropriations as well. Re-member, following regular order—espe-cially on the appropriations process— allows both Democratic and Repub-lican Members to better represent their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.000 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2716 May 12, 2016 
constituents’ views. It provides for more open debate and deliberation. It offers a path to reaching a kind of product both sides can support. Em-powering Members to make more judi-cious decisions about how taxpayer dollars are spent is something we should all want. So we know the appro-priations process is important. I urge my colleagues to work to-gether to keep moving these appropria-tions bills as both sides have expressed interest in doing. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
DONALD TRUMP AND THE REPUBLICAN PARTY Mr. REID. Mr. President, today the Republican Presidential nominee—it is hard for me to say these words—Donald Trump, comes to Capitol Hill. He se-cured the party’s nomination. He did that last week. Donald Trump will meet privately today with Speaker R
YAN and Republican Leader M CCON-
NELL . It is just the latest sign that Re-publican leaders in both Houses are marching lockstep with Donald Trump. Senator M
CCONNELL has fully em-braced Donald Trump. He said last week when Trump secured the nomina-tion: ‘‘I have committed to supporting the nominee chosen by Republican vot-ers.’’ While speaking with reporters earlier this week, the Republican leader sounded enthusiastic about Trump’s chances in the general election. I guess he should be giddy about a Trump Presidency. Donald Trump is every-thing the Republican leader and his party could ever want in a nomination. Trump’s policy decisions are iden-tical to the Republican Party platform. Today, when they meet in an hour or two, Senator M
CCONNELL can discuss that consensus with Trump. Let’s talk about the Supreme Court. Donald Trump and the Senator from Kentucky can talk about their obstruc-tion—for the first time in the history of the country—to a Presidential Su-preme Court nomination. It has never happened before. We have had some stalling and a couple of filibusters, but this is one where people didn’t want to meet with him. A few of them have broken from that. They certainly don’t want to have a hearing, and they don’t want to vote. It was Trump who said Republicans should ‘‘delay, delay, delay’’ filling the Supreme Court vacancy. Following Trump’s lead, the Republican leader has personally overseen the blockade of Judge Garland’s nomination, forcing Senators to fall in line. Let’s talk about Trump and women. When they get together they can talk about their policy about being anti- woman. Since Senator M
CCONNELL has so enthusiastically embraced Trump, we can only assume he agrees with Trump’s view that women are dogs and pigs. We can only assume that the Re-publican leader is not repulsed by Don-ald Trump’s vulgar behavior towards women. Look at the New York Times story yesterday with his cavorting with Howard Stern and how they talked about women. After all, the Republican Party has spent years blocking every substantive bill for American women—equal pay for equal work. This Republican Senate has undermined women’s health at every turn, trying to turn Planned Par-enthood into a punching bag—even though millions and millions of Amer-ican women have been helped by Planned Parenthood. They will have an opportunity this morning to talk about the anti-Latino vote. They can discuss their anti-immi-grant policies and their agenda. Since the Republican leader is all in for Don-ald Trump, we can only assume that he approves of Trump’s calling immi-grants rapists and murderers, and the DREAMers as being mules for drug dealing. I assume they can have a long discus-sion about the wall—how high it should be, how they are going to get the Mexi-cans to pay for the wall—even though most people think the idea is insane. Let’s not forget Republicans have demagogued Latinos and immigrants for decades. They are doing it today. The Republican leader voted against comprehensive immigration reform. Under Senator MCCONNELL ’s leader-ship, Senate Republicans almost came within hours of shutting down the De-partment of Homeland Security be-cause of President Obama’s executive actions on immigration. They can talk about their outlook on families. Donald Trump and the Repub-lican leader can mention how little they have done for American families. Except now, in today’s news, they are going to cut Medicaid and Medicare. I guess that is because he is getting lined up for the meeting with P
AUL R
YAN, because that is his No. 1 issue. Since the Republican leader has firm-ly established himself in Donald Trump’s corner, one can only assume he is OK with Trump’s shady business practices. He doesn’t mind that Donald Trump rips off hard-working Ameri-cans, filed bankruptcy many, many times, and has a university that is cor-rupt. And the trial will go forward dur-ing the election. Sadly, a disregard for the middle class is an all-too-familiar position for today’s Republicans. The Republican Party refuses to address the minimum wage, college affordability, or any other legislation that helps families. Here is a doozy. They can spend a lot of time talking about climate change. Trump and the Republican leader can, in this private conversation, talk about denial of climate change. But 97 per-cent of all scientists worldwide believe it is here. It is upon us. Ask the senior Senator from Florida. He will tell you it is here. Look at what is happening in Miami. You can talk to the Senators from Virginia, and they will tell you what is happening in military bases on the coast of Virginia. Donald Trump’s highest ranking sup-porter in Congress, Senator MCCON-
NELL , assumingly agrees with Trump that climate change is a hoax—here is what Trump said—perpetrated by Chi-nese manufacturers. That position fits with a Republican Party that refuses to acknowledge the environmental and national security threats posed by cli-mate change. If elected, Trump and Senator M
CCONNELL would lead the na-tion backward on a climate change de-nial agenda that would put polluters first and make the United States the laughingstock of the world. More than 170 countries have agreed to address climate change because of U.S. leadership, but Trump and M
CCON-
NELL have stated publicly that they will walk away from this. Let’s talk about what Republicans like to talk about—what is happening with the economy—keeping in mind that Bill Clinton balanced the budget. Keep in mind that when George Bush came to the Presidency, there was a $7 trillion surplus over 10 years. With two wars unpaid for costing trillions of dol-lars and with tax cuts not being paid for, that surplus has long since gone. So they can talk about that. They can talk about how Trump has said that he thinks America should default on its debt. Just get the people we owe money to take less money. That is what he said. He doesn’t want to pay our national debt. It seems that, on that issue, there is little distance be-tween him and the Republican leader. Senator M
CCONNELL has presided over a Republican caucus that has taken America to the brink of default on a number of occasions, not the least of which is shutting down the govern-ment—this great government—shut-ting it down for 17 days—closed, out of business. So Donald Trump and the Republican leadership should have a long, long conversation. They have a lot to talk about. At some point in the conversa-tion, Donald Trump should thank the senior Senator from Kentucky. Trump owes his candidacy to the Republican leader and the policies he has led. It was the obstructionist, anti-woman, anti-Latino, anti-Muslim, anti-middle- class, anti-environment, anti-Obama, anti-everything Republican Party dur-ing the last 8 years that has made Don-ald Trump a reality. I note that no one is on the floor. Will the Chair announce what the Sen-ate is going to do this morning. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.001 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2717 May 12, 2016 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, equally divided, with Senators permitted to speak therein. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the time of the Re-publicans and the Democrats be pre-served. No one is here, but we should preserve that time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. REID. I think the order already is that the time will be equally divided. If that is not the case, I ask that that be the case. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY BILL Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, on March 10, this body, the U.S. Senate, passed legislation to address what is a growing problem in all of our commu-nities, and that is the heroin and pre-scription drug epidemic. On March 10, this body voted for a comprehensive bill called CARA, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act. It deals with prevention, treatment, and recovery, helping our law enforcement, getting prescription drugs off the shelves of our bathrooms so they are not being used to get people into this addiction, and helping to stop the overprescribing with a drug moni-toring program. This was a comprehen-sive approach intended to help our communities deal with this growing problem. The No. 1 cause of death now in my home State of Ohio is not car ac-cidents anymore, it is overdoses. It is overdoses from prescription drugs and heroin. Since March 10, I have come to the floor four times—this is now the fifth time—every week we have been in ses-sion since then, to urge the House to act quickly on CARA, because with a 94-to-1 vote, with that kind of con-sensus built around this place, which is highly unusual, it shows that this is a problem in all of our communities and all of our States. We spent 3 years put-ting together the legislation. We worked with experts from all around the country. We sought out best prac-tices. This is not just a matter of throwing more money at a problem, this is a matter of taking the resources in Washington, spending them more wisely and targeting them toward what we know works—toward evidence-based programs, prevention, treatment, and recovery that has actually shown promise to be able to begin to turn the tide on this horrible epidemic. The House has begun to act, and I am encouraged by that. Obviously, I wish they had taken up CARA right away and sent it to the President. I think it would have been already helping in our communities in significant ways. During the time between when the Senate acted, March 10 to now, we have lost 7,400 Americans to drug overdoses. We lose a fellow citizen every 12 min-utes on average, but the House is mov-ing, and yesterday the House passed, legislation in the form of over a dozen different bills, smaller bills that will help with regard to this problem that I think are steps in the right direction. Today they are planning to take up a more comprehensive bill, the CARA legislation, that has also been reported out of the Judiciary Committee—as it was in this body—and perhaps a couple other bills as well. I am told that vote is likely to occur today, and that is great. I am concerned the legislation that passed in the House still leaves some gaps, and those gaps are in some significant areas. I am hopeful some amendments will be adopted today to help fill some of those gaps so we can indeed have a comprehensive approach to this issue. Sadly, this issue is not getting bet-ter; it is getting worse. The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration just last week conducted their National Drug Prescription Take-Back Day, where you take drugs off the shelf and put them into a disposal unit to get rid of them so that your kid or grandkid or somebody visiting your home doesn’t get these prescription drugs and misuse them. They had a record number of drugs turned in, 893,000 pounds of un-wanted medicine; that is, 447 tons of prescription drugs that were not need-ed. I am grateful for those who partici-pated in the take-back program. This is good news, to get these drugs off the shelves and be sure they are not being misused, but unfortunately that is just the tip of the iceberg, and it shows the severity of this problem. We have continued to see commu-nities throughout my State and throughout the country being torn apart by this issue and families who are being devastated. Last week, a man pled guilty to involuntary man-slaughter in Columbus, OH, because his infant son had ingested fentanyl-laced heroin and died. Last week, we also saw the arrest of three people who drove to Steubenville, OH, to buy her-oin, and then while driving they used it in the car with a 4-year-old with them. This all happened in the last week. Last week, a 23-year-old pregnant woman and her unborn child were found dead of an apparent overdose in New Carlisle, OH. Yesterday, an Akron man pled guilty to selling heroin to his uncle who subsequently died of an overdose. In Cleveland, we have lost 148 people to drug overdoses in just the first quarter of this year. That is dou-ble—double—last year’s rate in Cleve-land, OH—one town in one State. By the way, the plurality of these deaths is that a majority were from fentanyl—fentanyl often laced with heroin. Fentanyl is a synthetic heroin that is about 50 times more dangerous. It is a growing problem in my State of Ohio. Unfortunately, these headlines are just the tip of the iceberg. We see this death toll rising, and it is tragic, but we also need to focus on the wounded, not just those who overdose but those who, because they have this addiction, have lost their job, cannot get their lives back together, are separated from their families. As one recovering addict told me: The drug was everything. I abandoned my kids, my wife. These are also people who are ending up in our jail system. Prosecutors back home tell me the majority of the crime—one county prosecutor told me a couple of weeks ago, 80 percent is being committed because of this issue—so theft, stealing in order to pay for a habit, and ending up in the prison system. All of us are paying for that of course. Everywhere I go in Ohio, people tell me about how this epidemic is affect-ing them. I had a townhall meeting the week before last, a tele-townhall with 25,000 people on a phone call. We do these once a month. A gentleman called in and he wanted to talk about the CARA legislation. He seemed to know a lot about it. He focused on the treatment part of it. His voice had a quiver. So I asked him: Would you mind sharing? You are on the line with a lot of people, but would you mind sharing why you are so interested in this issue? Again, he was focused a lot on the treatment side, and there was silence on the line. I knew what he was going to say. When he came to the point where he could speak, he said: I lost my daugh-ter. Then he proceeded to tell the story. It was of a child who had started with prescription drugs, ended up with heroin, had committed some crimes— probably theft—ended up in and out of prison. She had finally come to the point where she was willing to face up to her addiction. She was ready to go into treatment to start long-term re-covery. She had committed this to her parents. He said they took her to the treatment center. There was a 14-day wait. They pleaded: Can she get in someplace else? No; no room at the inn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.003 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2718 May 12, 2016 
and a 14-day wait. During those 14 days is of course when she overdosed on her-oin. His point was very simple: You guys need to do more to help provide access to treatment and the right kind of treatment. That is what this legisla-tion does. Last Tuesday, I spoke at an opiate conference, the Ohio Association of County Behavioral Health Authority’s annual meeting, with record attend-ance this year of over 1,000 people. I heard from doctors, nurses, counselors, social workers, attorneys, law enforce-ment, all saying the same thing to me, which is: R
OB, this problem is not get-ting better. It is getting worse. Washington does have a role to play, to be a better partner with State and local government and with the non-profits that are in the trenches dealing with this issue every day. The Kaiser Family Foundation last week released a survey that showed that 44 percent of the public knew someone who strug-gled with addiction to opioids. Of those 44 percent, one in five said it was a family member; one in five said it was a close friend; one in five said it was an acquaintance; two-thirds overall said they want the State government and the Federal Government to do more about this addiction epidemic. Of course they do. People are desperate to figure out how to get at this issue. Again, our approach is evidence- based. It is based on the testimony of the experts around the country. It is based on best practices, what is work-ing what is not working. Is Washington going to solve this problem? No, but we are part of the solution. It is going to be solved in our communities and in our families. We can turn this tide. We have in the past. We can do it again. The question is whether we are serious about it and whether we can move this legislation through the House, through the Senate, get it to the President, and get it working in our communities. In countless parts of Ohio, at the State and local level, people are taking action. I am encouraged by that and I applaud them for it. In my hometown of Cincinnati, the police force at the University of Cincinnati is now car-rying Narcan and getting training to know how to use it. By the way, that is in this legislation to provide training to ensure people aren’t just getting the naloxone, that they know how to use it. This is a miracle drug called Narcan—naloxone—so that when some-one has overdosed, they will be able to bring them back. I have been in drug treatment cen-ters all over my State, and I have heard the testimony, including a man who told me: I died. I faced my own death. I saw my father in Heaven. I was gone. Narcan brought me back to life. That is why I am in this treatment center, because that is how I hit rock bottom. So it is important, but the training needs to include, as you are giving peo-ple Narcan to use for their loved ones, giving it to the police officer to use when they are responding or a fire-fighter—I would tell you that if you go to most of our firehouses around the country, you will find there are more runs for heroin and prescription drug overdoses than there are for fires. That is true in my State, and it is probably true in yours. But if you are providing Narcan to somebody, you need to give them the ability to tell these people: Here is the treatment center. It is not enough just to save a life from a tragic occurrence like an overdose; we also have to figure out how not to be—as some firefighters and police officers told me—saving that life again and again but instead getting these people into the right treatment and recovery programs so they cannot just have their lives saved but begin to lead full and productive lives. I am very encouraged by something that happened yesterday. Stephen Stack, the president of the American Medical Association, issued a public letter to physicians. I think this is a major step forward. I don’t know Ste-phen Stack, but I read his letter very carefully because I think he is putting his finger on something that the med-ical profession has been slow to realize. His letter said this: 
[F]ar too often, [opiate addiction] has started from a prescription pad. . . . I call on all physicians to . . . avoid initiating opioids for new patients with chronic non-cancer pain . . . limit the amount of opioids pre-scribed for post-operative care . . . register and use your state prescription drug moni-toring program . . . [and] reduce stigma to enable effective and compassionate care. 
That is a step in the right direction. I hope every physician in the country gets a copy of this letter. We have incredibly compassionate, caring physicians out there, but we need to face the facts. There has been overprescribing, and that is part of the issue. Four of the five people in my State of Ohio who will die from heroin overdoses over this next month will have started with prescription drugs. There is a link here. We need to face it, and the medical profession needs to face it. In the Senate, we have taken action. A 94-to-1 vote is not the typical way things happen around here, as you know. That is highly unusual. That shows the seriousness of this issue. One of the things I am concerned about in the alternative to CARA that is being voted on in the House today is that it omits some of the key pillars, including a drug take-back program, which I think is important, and pre-scription drug monitoring programs. What we have in our legislation is very simple. It gives incentive grants to States to set up prescription drug monitoring programs. Most States have them already, but to have them so they work with other States, we need interoperability between the States. My own State of Ohio borders many other States, and what they tell me is this: We can have this prescription drug monitoring program for Ohio, but if someone goes to Kentucky, West Vir-ginia, Pennsylvania, Michigan, or Indi-ana, we don’t know. And if this is in our legislation, that would help. We hope that is added to the House bill. Prevention, recovery support serv-ices—I hope those are being adopted in the House as amendments. If they are not, we are going to work hard to get those included in conference. We are not going to send a bill to the Presi-dent that is not comprehensive. With regard to prevention, there are some provisions that were omitted from the House alternative, including a national awareness program to let peo-ple know what is going on with pre-scription drugs. That connection we talked about a moment ago is incred-ibly important. It will save lives. It will bring people’s lives back on track. It will avoid the situation where some-body goes to get his or her wisdom teeth pulled, they are given narcotic pain pills, they end up getting addicted and then move to heroin as a cheaper alternative, and sadly, in some cases— including a father who testified before a congressional committee in Ohio a week ago Friday—die of an overdose. That is what is happening. Prevention is important. The preven-tion grants we have are important. They are the most effective way to fight back against this epidemic, in many respects. If we can keep people from getting into the funnel of addic-tion in the first place, think of the lives that can be saved, the families that can be kept together rather than torn apart, the communities that will not be devastated by this spike in crime. Think of the impact on our economy and people not going to work. They say there is a $700 billion economic impact based on addiction. It is the faces of addiction we care about the most. Think about Marin Riggs from Pickerington, OH. She was a high school student. She was about to graduate. She was very smart. She had good grades. She was a star athlete. She was popular, full of life. It seemed like she had it all. She made a mis-take; she tried heroin with her boy-friend. She became addicted. Some-thing changed physiologically in her brain to give her this disease. It is a disease. Her parents started missing money from their wallets. Charges started showing up on her dad’s credit card. She tried to quit. She went into rehab. She wrote in her journal that she was heroin’s ‘‘worst enemy.’’ She was going to beat this thing. But she relapsed. The grip of this addiction is horrible. Her brother found her dead of a heroin overdose 2 weeks after her 20th birthday. This can happen to any family any-where. It knows no ZIP Code. It is not an inner-city problem. It is not a sub-urban problem. It is not a rural prob-lem. It is everywhere. Addiction doesn’t ask what your political party is, either. That is why we kept this nonpartisan. It is not just bipartisan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.004 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2719 May 12, 2016 
That is why I hope we can move this legislation quickly to the President and get him to sign it into law, because it is needed right now, and prevention needs to be part of it. Marin’s mom, whose name is Heidi, is letting her voice be heard throughout Ohio. She is educating kids and parents about the dangers of experimenting with drugs. I commend her for that. I am so grateful for her and the other moms and dads around Ohio who are doing that. They are amazing. Tonda DaRe came to testify before the Judiciary Committee. Her daugh-ter’s name was Holly. Holly died when she was in her early twenties. She started Holly’s Song. She is talking to people, working with people, families, letting them know what the dangers are but also, if they have a son or child who is addicted, letting them know how to get them into treatment and re-covery so that other lives will not be lost. I have heard stories of these teen-agers whose wisdom teeth are being taken out and they end up getting ad-dicted to Percocet and Vicodin. Angie Trend of Lake County is one of them. She told me her son was 16 when he had his wisdom teeth taken out. He is one of the lucky ones; he is now in recov-ery. He is 25 years old. But the pain and agony that family went through when he was age 16 to 25 could have been avoided. When I think of these stories, I can-not leave out prevention. It has to be part of it. I started my own anti-drug coalition in my home State, in my home city, about 20 years ago. It continues to be effective today. It is all about preven-tion, getting the entire community en-gaged and involved. That is what needs to happen on a national basis, and it needs to happen now in order for us to save lives. The approach we took in writing this legislation, the Comprehensive Addic-tion Recovery Act, was unusual around here. We spent 3 years pulling together experts and getting best practices but also accepting ideas from anywhere where there was a good idea. We didn’t care whose idea it was; all we cared about was whether it worked. I know that these statistics about heroin addiction and overdoses are heartbreaking. They can be pretty dis-couraging. But I also know there is hope. I have run into people from our State who have struggled with addic-tion and who have found their way to treatment and effective recovery—usu-ally it is long-term recovery—with sup-port from family and friends and others who have been through addiction. Now they are back on their feet, and they are not just productive, working mem-bers of our communities, but they are helping others. I heard the story of Courtney Golden. She was addicted to oxycodone. She re-ceived treatment and has been clean for 7 years. She is now the director of an outpatient counseling center. I heard the story of Terri Skaggs of the Sojourner House in Portsmouth, OH. She was addicted for 17 years, but after 17 years, she didn’t give up. She has now been clean for 2 years. They beat this, and they are helping other people. I see this at every treatment center I go to. There is hope. We can turn the tide, but it does require this institution to pull its act together and get a good bill out of conference that is comprehen-sive, that is evidence-based, that is going to make a real difference throughout our communities, and get that bill to the President for his signa-ture. We have lost more than 7,400 Ameri-cans since the Senate passed this legis-lation on March 10. Every 12 minutes, we lose another American, another one of our fellow citizens. Partial solutions will not suffice. We need a comprehen-sive approach. I will insist on it, as will others. I thank the Presiding Officer for the time today. I am encouraged by what the House is doing on the floor. I hope the next time I come to the floor, I will not be talking about how the House must act but, rather, congratulating the House for acting and congratu-lating the President for signing a legis-lative initiative that will make a dif-ference in my home State and in our communities all around this country. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I appre-ciate the remarks my colleague from Ohio made about this opioid issue and the impact it is having on our citizens and particularly on our young people. I support his significant contributions and efforts in terms of dealing with this problem. It is affecting my State, his State, and all of our States. We are passing legislation to deal with it, but it is going to take more than legislation; it is going to take an all-out effort by everybody. To watch our kids, our children, our young peo-ple, and Americans become addicted and victims of this scourge that is tak-ing place is disheartening, to say the least. We need to do all we can to ad-dress that. Our State is trying to do that and making some significant steps forward. We all have a long way to go. 
f 
WASTEFUL SPENDING Mr. COATS. Mr. President, that is not why I am here today. I come down every week, as my colleagues know, to talk about the waste of the week. While I am dealing with documented evidence of the waste of taxpayers’ money through waste, fraud, and abuse and while we have totaled up well over $150 billion of documented waste, it is only a pebble in the sea, a grain of sand compared to what we are doing by al-lowing deficit spending to plunge us ever more into debt. Without a constitutional amendment to balance the budget, this body has not had the discipline to match our spending with the revenues that come in or the political will to go to the American people and say: If you want this much government, this is how much it is going to cost. Instead, we say: We will give you what you want, and we will borrow the money to cover it because we don’t have the tax rev-enue. And we don’t have the will to say: We have to raise your taxes if this is what you want. It has put us in a dire situation from a financial stand-point. It is not talked about as much as it should be. But when I returned to the Senate, having been elected in 2010 to serve another term, our debt level was bad enough at that point at $10.7 trillion. But under this administration, in less than 8 years, it has almost dou-bled. It is now $19.2 trillion, I think is the latest, and the clock is ticking. Tune in to my Web site and you will see the debt clock. It is stunning to sit there and look at how fast those digits are turning of money that is being bor-rowed, which we have to pay interest on and which is slowing down our econ-omy and crippling our future genera-tions. I see the young pages sitting here on the steps. Many of them have listened to my ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ speeches. I want to tell you that my generation— I am not pointing fingers at one party or another—has failed to achieve some kind of fiscal discipline that will put you in a position where you can inherit from my generation something that my parents and our parents and our generation gave to us, and that is a prosperous, growing, dynamic economy that gave us the opportunity to get an education, gave us the opportunity to be engaged meaningfully in the work-force, become homeowners, raise a family, save for our kids’ future. I stand here as a father with 3 chil-dren and 10 grandchildren. It is sick-ening to me to think about the chal-lenges they are going to have because my generation didn’t step up to the re-sponsibility of running a fiscally sound economy through the decisions we make in the U.S. Senate, U.S. Con-gress, and the White House. Yes, I have blamed this President for not treating this in a serious enough manner. We made every type of effort you could think of in 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and we finally threw up our hands and gave up because of the six or seven things that were presented to the President over that period of time, he has rejected every one of them. I was part of one of those negotiations and was very in-volved with that negotiation. I directly dealt with the President and his top people. We gave him a lot of what he said he wanted, and in the end he turned it down. I wish I had the clock ticking behind me. We are getting ever deeper into debt, and that will have a significant impact on the country. I was speaking on the floor yester-day. The growth—if you can call it that—in the latest quarter is 0.5 per-cent. That is about as anemic as it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.005 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2720 May 12, 2016 
gets, teetering on falling into a reces-sion. That is what the statistic shows for growth during the first quarter of 2016. The number comes from the De-partment of Labor. It shows that there was a very low amount of new jobs. Those new jobs basically replaced those who were retiring. It is far below what we need to provide meaningful jobs for people in this country. After having failed over a period of years to put together a credible, long- term plan to deal with our debt crisis, balance our budget, and stop adding more to our debt, I have come down to show my colleagues documented evi-dence of the waste, fraud, and abuse that nonpartisan agencies have in-spected and told us about. For over 40 weeks, I have been in this cycle of com-ing to the Senate floor to identify yet a new waste, fraud, or abuse, and the total is significantly trending toward $200 billion worth of waste. It is no wonder that Americans at home are fu-rious with the dysfunction that is tak-ing place in Washington and demand-ing change. We see this on both sides of the aisle. The people have said: We have had it. It is enough. We are done with you guys and gals. We need to shake this place up. A revolution is taking place across the country. The country is finally grasping onto the fact that we have simply not been func-tional. The one way we can be func-tional, or at least do something, is to have the government’s own account-ability office, which looks into the pro-grams that are part of what we have enabled and provides the needed spend-ing for certain areas—if they see there is fraud, waste, and abuse, can’t we at least do something about that? That is the reason I am here today. I have been a strong supporter of the U.S. armed services. I am a veteran, and I served on the Armed Services Committee during my previous tenure in the Senate. I have a deep regard and respect for the need for adequate spending to provide for our common de-fense. That is the first obligation in the Constitution that we swear to when we are sworn into the U.S. Senate. There is no agency that is exempt or getting a pass if they are engaged in bad decisions that spend and waste money, especially if they don’t correct those things that are pointed out by their own inspectors general or govern-ment agencies that look into all of this. Today I am talking about the De-partment of Defense. They are not im-mune from issues of waste, fraud, and abuse, and we need to document those as well. One of the reasons we need to document those is they need every penny they have because their portion of the budget is continuing to shrink due to our dire fiscal situation. At the very least, we have to make sure they are not wasting money because it is needed to protect and provide security for Americans. This waste of the week involves expenditure in Afghanistan, where we have troops and commit-ments over there. They had a request for cargo planes. We need planes to transfer cargo between the bases and different parts of Afghanistan. So the decision was made to provide 20 cargo planes to fulfill that mission. The De-partment of Defense went to the coun-try of Italy. Maybe they went to Italy because they are part of the coalition and felt obligated to buy some equip-ment from them, and so they bought 20 Italian cargo planes. The purpose of the purchase was to support the Afghan Air Force, and as I said to transport troops and equipment around the coun-try. At the time the Afghans had old, out- of-date, Soviet-era Russian planes and the Department of Defense wanted to replace them, so again they went to Italy to purchase these planes. The purchase price for 20 of these cargo planes was $486 million. That is a lot of money, but I am not here to say they should have paid less or should have paid more. That is what the price was and that is what they negotiated. This was documented by two inspectors gen-eral who looked at this program and said: Wait a minute. We have a problem here, guys. The first problem was they didn’t buy 20 cargo planes, they only bought 16 planes. The price was $486 million for 20 planes, and somehow only 16 arrived. I am not sure what happened to the other four planes, so there were problems from the begin-ning. It became abundantly clear early on that these planes were not made to fly in the type of conditions that exist in Afghanistan. Afghanistan has a lot of desert, sand, wind, and these planes ap-parently have all kinds of problems fly-ing in that kind of atmosphere. You would have thought that since we were there, we would know this because our own planes fly in that atmosphere. I think somebody basically didn’t do their homework and say: Before we pay out $486 million, maybe we ought to make sure the planes we are buying to replace the old Soviet planes, which we know don’t work, can fly in the atmos-phere here. Since we have had problems with some of our own planes, we need to make sure these planes are capable of holding up under these type of condi-tions. As it turned out, they flew the planes for only 9 months, and in those 9 months they accumulated 235 hours of flight time, and one of the reasons for that is because they were constantly in the maintenance shop having repairs made because of the conditions they were flying in. The planes were pur-chased on the basis that they could get 4,500 hours out of each plane and that would carry a lot of cargo. I can under-stand why they wanted them, but be-cause the problems they had were so extensive, it turned out they needed a lot of spare parts. When they looked in terms of what it would cost to buy new spare parts for these planes, the total came up to another $200 million. So on top of the $486 million, another $200 million would have to be added to that. Since they didn’t have the money to do that, they said: Let’s take 6 of the re-maining 16 planes off the airfield and tear them down for spare parts. So now we are down to 10 planes. We started with 20, somehow they only got 16, and now they decommissioned 6 planes and used them for spare parts for the other planes so they wouldn’t have to spend the $200 million. Now we are down to 10 planes at a cost of $486 million, but even after that they continued to have problems and so they decided to scrap the whole thing. You would have thought somebody somewhere with different conditions would want to buy those planes. We are now down to 10 planes. Maybe they could have taken the spare parts off those planes and maybe salvage a few more, but, no, the decision was made to scrap those planes and decommission them. So they decided the next step was that since we can’t use them, let’s just tear them apart. This is a nice pic-ture of what happened to the planes. Here we have a nice pile of scrap. They said we have to salvage some-thing so they said: Let’s sell the scrap. We spent $486 million for planes that were sold for scrap. We sold the scrap for 6 cents a pound and we retrieved $32,000. We spent $486 million, decom-missioned 6 planes so we could get spare parts, which meant we only had 10 planes, and since that didn’t work, they just took a bulldozer to that, scrapped it, and now this machine is picking up the scrap and probably put-ting it in the container and selling it for 6 cents a pound. I come down here every week, and these stories are just mind-boggling. The taxpayer hears about these stories and some might say: In this atmos-phere, maybe we shouldn’t be exposing all of this. No, we are exposing it so we can stop this and have an efficient and effectively run government doing the essential things the Federal Govern-ment needs to do and not getting itself into this constant week after week after week—look, there have been books written by Senators. My former colleague Tom Coburn wrote a book about waste, which basically docu-mented hundreds of billions of dollars of waste, fraud, and abuse. He stepped down from office 2 years ago, and we miss him. I am just trying to carry on his legacy, probably in a less effective way than he did, by exposing what is happening with Americans’ tax dollars. Every day people haul themselves out of bed, start their coffee, get in the car, go to work, come home, try to save money, look at their paycheck, and when they see the amount of money that is being deducted for taxes, they say: Ok. Well, maybe that is what we need to do to protect our country and provide for programs. And then when they learn about stuff like this, they say: What am I going to work for, just to turn this money over to Wash-ington so they can spend it and make decisions like this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.007 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2721 May 12, 2016 
This is one of 40-some presentations I have given on the Senate floor, and I will keep doing this as long as I stay in the Senate because our people need to know and put pressure on their rep-resentatives. They need to think about this so the next person they elect to walk into the White House will hope-fully have the courage to address our fiscal problems in a way that is not going to put our next generation in such dire situations. With that, I add to our ever-growing list of waste, fraud, and abuse another $486 million for a total of $162,764,055,817. Think how that money could be used for essential items like Zika, Ebola, research at the National Institutes of Health, education, paving roads, doing infrastructure repairs— any number of things that need to be done, which is how that money could be better used than selling used air-plane scrap for 6 cents a pound. Think about the money that could be re-turned to the taxpayers that they wouldn’t have to pay in taxes if we could simply run a much more effi-cient, effective government. Spending is a huge issue. It needs to be addressed in this election. The American people need to be aware of where we stand. Where we stand today is substantially worse than when I ar-rived to start my second term in the Senate 5
1⁄2years ago. Mr. President, with that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 2028, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Alexander/Feinstein amendment No. 3801, in the nature of a substitute. Alexander (for Flake/McCain) amendment No. 3876 (to amendment No. 3801), to require that certain funds are used for the review and revision of certain operational docu-ments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for 15 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, today I want to talk about the Obama adminis-tration’s nuclear agreement with Iran and the many ways the agreement has failed to rein in Iranian hostile behav-ior over the course of the last year. Over the last week, I thought it was interesting that there was great reluc-tance on the part of people who voted in an enabling way to allow the Iranian agreement to occur to take a stand on the position that Mr. C
OTTON brought to the Senate floor, where we would not now give Iran millions of dollars to purchase heavy water that they would use in their nuclear activities and obvi-ously continue to produce. In addition to that, I saw on Monday of this week that Iran tested a variant missile with a range of over 2,000 kilo-meters capable of striking Israel. Over and over again, we see Iran partici-pating in hostile behavior and, some-how, none of that behavior violates ei-ther the spirit or the ‘letter of the agreement that was discussed as such an important breakthrough with what was going to happen in Iran. For those of us who predicted that Iran’s behavior would not change and that behavior in the neighborhood would change in fear of what would happen because of Iran—I think those predictions are becoming more and more obviously true. On April 2, 2015, a framework agree-ment was reached on that program. Here we are a year later. This agree-ment seems not to have accomplished any of the things that we would want to accomplish with the country of Iran. According to President Obama: ‘‘Iran so far has followed the letter of the agreement, but the spirit of the agree-ment involves Iran also sending signals to the world community and businesses that it is not going to be engaging in a range of provocative actions that might scare business off.’’ That is an absolute quote from the President. Now, why we are concerned about scaring business off from Iran, I don’t know, because another quote from the administration over and over again is that Iran is the No. 1 state sponsor of terrorism. I think if we were talking more about that activity of Iran and less about what they need to encourage business activities, we would be doing what we should be doing. Jennifer Rubin wrote in the Wash-ington Post that ‘‘his comments are curious both because the ‘letter of the agreement’ seems to be forever chang-ing to incorporate Iran’s demands and because despite Iran’s actions, the president continues to make more and more concessions.’’ The administration sold this deal on the promise that we would see a great change in behavior. Take, for example, the behavior that has occurred: Iran’s continued disregard of the United Na-tions Security Council resolutions dealing with ballistic missiles. Since the conclusion of the nuclear deal last summer, Iran has test-fired new classes of missiles whenever it wanted to; as I just mentioned, as late as last Monday. In October, they tested new missiles that are precision guided and more so-phisticated than the current missiles they have. They have now tested mis-siles that could reach Israel. Despite the U.N. Security Council ex-plicitly calling for Iran to halt its bal-listic missile activity, Iran’s leaders have consistently rebuffed anything that is coming from the international community that it says is out of bounds of the resolution, and appar-ently everything is out of bounds of the resolution. In August of 2015, the dep-uty foreign minister of Iran and chief nuclear negotiator told the Tehran Times: ‘‘The restrictions on weapons posed through Resolution 2231 . . . are not mandatory and we can disregard them.’’ That statement directly contradicts Secretary of State Kerry’s statement when he talked about the resolution. When he testified before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee last July, on July 23, Secretary Kerry said: 
They are restrained from any sharing of missile technology, purchase of missile tech-nology, exchange of missile technology work on missiles. They cannot do that under Arti-cle 41, which is Chapter 7 and manda- tory. . . . 
Obviously the administration has a much different interpretation of the current U.N. resolutions than Iran, but they also appear to have a completely flexible interpretation of what the agreement actually says. In March of this year—just a few weeks ago—the Department of Justice unsealed an indictment of Iranians who carried out cyber attacks against crit-ical infrastructure and the financial sector of the United States with the knowledge of the Iranian Government. What does critical infrastructure mean? Critical infrastructure means the utilities, the transportation net-work, the things we have to rely on every day to provide the infrastructure the country needs to function. The indictment notes that one of the hackers ‘‘received credit for his com-puter intrusion work from the Iranian government toward completion of his mandatory military service in Iran.’’ I don’t know any other way to inter-pret that than to say that if someone is in the Iranian military and if they want to cyber attack the United States, they will give someone credit for military service time to do that. I would think the administration would consider applying sanctions to put more pressure on Iran and not worry quite so much about Iran’s fu-ture business opportunities. Curiously, yet predictably, the administration has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.008 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2722 May 12, 2016 
taken the opposite approach and con-tinues to reward bad behavior. That re-ward can come and has come in the ad-ministration’s basically easing finan-cial restrictions that prohibit U.S. dol-lars from being used in transactions with Iran. The dollar continues to be the prin-cipal economic currency of the world. Why we would want Iran to have more access to that currency, I don’t know. Yet the Secretary of the Treasury, Jack Lew, said that giving Iran access to U.S. currency would ease the block-ade. He said, ‘‘Since Iran has kept its end of the deal, it is our responsibility to uphold ours, in both letter and spir-it.’’ There may be only five people in the world—and they are all in the Obama administration—who believe that Iran has kept up its end of the deal. On April 2, 2016, Eli Lake wrote about how the President has to keep on giv-ing to save his Iran deal. In other words, Mr. Lake wrote: 
I was under the impression that the nu-clear negotiations with Iran ended in July. There was the press conference in Vienna, the U.N. resolution that lifted the sanctions on Iran and the fight in Congress that fol-lowed. That turns out to have been wrong. 
He goes on further to say: 
It wasn’t part of the ‘‘deal’’ in July, which only lifted nuclear-related sanctions on Iran but kept other sanctions to punish the coun-try’s support for terrorism, human rights abuses, and its ballistic missile program. 
We don’t seem nearly as committed to those sanctions. On April 3, 2016, the Ambassador of the UAE to the United States wrote an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal high-lighting concerns about Iranian actions in the year since the nuclear deal. The Ambassador pointed out that behind the talk of change, the Iran we have long known is still around. He then goes on to list the concerning actions Iran has taken in the last year, such as firing rockets near the USS Truman aircraft carrier in December 2015 while the Truman was peacefully transitioning the Strait of Hormuz; No. 2, detaining 10 American Navy sailors in January of 2016; No. 3, Iranian visits to Russia to purchase military fighter jets and equipment, presumably with the billions they received as part of the nuclear deal. According to the Ambas-sador, the list can go on and on, with Iranian influence continuing to cause instability in Yemen, Syria, as well as Iran’s support for Hezbollah. There can be no doubt that the Obama administration’s nuclear agree-ment with Iran has left regional allies nervous. The Ambassador from the UAE in the editorial I referenced has made that point very clearly, and I ask unanimous consent to have it printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Wall Street Journal, Apr. 3, 2016] O
NEYEARAFTER THE IRANNUCLEAR DEAL (By Yousef Al Otaiba) Saturday marked one year since the frame-work agreement for the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action—the nuclear deal with Iran— was announced. At the time, President Obama said this agreement would make ‘‘the world safer.’’ And perhaps it has, but only in the short term and only when it comes to Iran’s nuclear-weapons proliferation. Sadly, behind all the talk of change, the Iran we have long known—hostile, expan-sionist, violent—is alive and well, and as dangerous as ever. We wish it were other-wise. In the United Arab Emirates, we are seeking ways to coexist with Iran. Perhaps no country has more to gain from normal-ized relations with Tehran. Reducing ten-sions across the less than 100-mile-wide Ara-bian Gulf could help restore full trade ties, energy cooperation and cultural exchanges, and start a process to resolve a 45-year terri-torial dispute. Since the nuclear deal, however, Iran has only doubled down on its posturing and provocations. In October, November and again in early March, Iran conducted bal-listic-missile tests in violation of United Na-tions Security Council resolutions. In December, Iran fired rockets dan-gerously close to a U.S. aircraft carrier in the Strait of Hormuz, just weeks before it detained a group of American sailors. In Feb-ruary, Iranian Defense Minister Hossein Dehghan visited Moscow for talks to pur-chase more than $8 billion in Russian fighter jets, planes and helicopters. In Yemen, where peace talks now hold some real promise, Iran’s disruptive inter-ference only grows worse. Last week, the French navy seized a large cache of weapons on its way from Iran to support the Houthis in their rebellion against the UN-backed le-gitimate Yemeni government. In late Feb-ruary, the Australian navy intercepted a ship off the coast of Oman with thousands of AK–47s and rocket-propelled grenades. And last month, a senior Iranian military official said Tehran was ready to send military ‘‘ad-visers’’ to assist the Houthis. The interference doesn’t stop there. Since the beginning of the year, Tehran and its proxies have increased their efforts to pro-vide armor-piercing explosive devices to Shi-ite cells in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia. A former Iranian general and close adviser to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei called for Iran to annex all of Bahrain. And in Syria, Iran continues to deploy Hezbollah militias and its own Iranian Revolutionary Guard to prop up Syria’s Bashar Assad. These are all clear reminders that Iran re-mains the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism—a persistent threat not only to the region but to the U.S. as well. ‘‘Death to America’’ has always been more than an ugly catchphrase; it has been Iranian policy. Iran has orchestrated countless terrorist at-tacks against Americans: from the Marine barracks in Beirut to Khobar Towers in Saudi Arabia. During the Afghanistan war, Iran paid Taliban fighters $1,000 for each American they killed. In Iraq, Iran supplied the improvised explo-sive devices (IEDs) that killed or maimed thousands of U.S. soldiers. And in recent weeks seven Iranian hackers were indicted in a U.S. federal court for a cyberattack against U.S. banks and critical infrastruc-ture. As Henry Kissinger once said, Iran can be either a country or a cause. Today ‘‘Iran the cause’’ is showing little of the same kind of pragmatism and moderation in its regional policies and behavior as it did in the nuclear talks. Last week, Mr. Khamenei insisted bal-listic missiles were key to the Islamic Re-public’s future. ‘‘Those who say the future is in negotiations, not in missiles, are either ignorant or traitors,’’ he said. It is now clear that one year since the framework for the deal was agreed upon, Iran sees it as an opportunity to increase hostilities in the region. But instead of ac-cepting this as an unfortunate reality, the international community must intensify its actions to check Iran’s strategic ambitions. It is time to shine a bright light on Iran’s hostile acts across the region. At the Gulf Cooperation Council summit in Riyadh later this month, the U.S., the U.A.E., Saudi Ara-bia, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain and Oman should reach an agreement on a common mechanism to monitor, expose and curb Iran’s aggression. This should include spe-cific measures to block its support for the Houthi rebels in Yemen, Hezbollah units in Syria and Lebanon, and Iranian-linked ter-rorist cells in Saudi Arabia and Bahrain. If the carrots of engagement aren’t work-ing, we must not be afraid to bring back the sticks. Recent half measures against Iran’s violations of the ballistic-missile ban are not enough. If the aggression continues, the U.S. and the global community should make clear that Iran will face the full range of sanctions and other steps still available under U.N. resolutions and in the nuclear deal itself. Iran’s destabilizing behavior in the region must stop. Until it does, our hope for a new Iran should not cloud the reality that the old Iran is very much still with us—as dangerous and as disruptive as ever. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, the ad-ministration’s nuclear agreement has left the region nervous, has left the world less stable, and has left our col-leagues in the Senate who voted for it unwilling to vote on anything else about Iran. I think we are finding that the people we work for don’t believe this was a good agreement, and we will be talking about this agreement and the aftermath the agreement has cre-ated for a long time. We need to restore a world where America’s friends trust us and our en-emies are afraid of us. It is a dangerous world if we have exactly the opposite of that happening, when our friends don’t trust us and our enemies aren’t afraid of us, and this Iranian agreement is one of the reasons that is the case. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
CHANGE OF VOTE  
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, on rollcall vote No. 70, I voted yea. It was my intention to vote nay. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that I be per-mitted to change my vote since it will not affect the outcome of the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I am pleased that today the Senate will pass the Energy and Water Development Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2017. By rejecting the poison pill riders that sidelined the appropriations process for much of last year, the Senate has taken a responsible step forward to meet the needs of the American people, keeping our government functioning, and investing in critical programs to support energy research, production, and management. I am particularly pleased that the Senate rejected efforts to eliminate Federal support for key regional com-missions, including the Northern Bor-der Regional Commission. The North-ern Border Regional Commission, like others across the country, is a joint 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.010 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2723 May 12, 2016 
Federal-State economic development effort that includes some of the most severely and persistently economically distressed and underdeveloped counties in Vermont, New Hampshire, Maine, and northern New York. Every Federal dollar invested through the commis-sion leverages on average $2.6 in matching funds in return for vital eco-nomic development and infrastructure projects. The $10 million this energy and water bill provides for the NBRC will help create new jobs and retain thousands more. This bill also makes important in-vestments in the Army Corps of Engi-neers, in energy efficiency and renew-able energy programs, in scientific re-search, for weatherization programs, and in environmental cleanup. I want to thank Chairman A
LEXANDER and Ranking Member F
EINSTEIN for work-ing with me, too, on important report language to encourage the Department of Energy to facilitate the sharing of information and resources among host communities with nuclear power plants that face decommissioning. Commu-nities impacted by the decommis-sioning of the Vermont Yankee Nu-clear Power Plant would benefit great-ly from the experiences and best prac-tices of other host communities in which plants have recently been de-commissioned. I look forward to work-ing with the Department of Energy to further advance these goals. The bill also includes report language that di-rects the Department of Energy to fund activities that support the develop-ment and testing of new low-emission, highly efficient wood stoves, an impor-tant heat source for many Vermont homes because of the affordable and re-newable thermal energy they provide. Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator F
EINSTEIN have worked in a bipartisan way to produce a responsible, rider-free appropriations bill, and I hope this process will serve as a model for the Senate as we continue the appropria-tions process this year. Mr. BLUNT. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. FLAKE. I ask unanimous consent to be allowed to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FREE TRADE  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, spring has sprung, April showers are giving way to May flowers, and soon we will be in the dog days of summer. Every bit as much as a tired cliche´, we have again heard sabers rattle in opposition to free trade, which tends to happen at this point every even year. ’Tis the sea-son for anti-free trade rhetoric. Opponents of free trade are vehe-mently arguing that the country needs to ‘‘get tough’’ and hide behind protec-tionist barriers. Unfortunately—and this is what is most troubling—a lot of these arguments are coming from the Republican side of the aisle. When Con-gress turned its attention to renewing trade promotion authority a couple of years ago, I commented that some Re-publicans had to do some pretty im-pressive verbal gymnastics to put themselves in opposition to free trade. If that was the case then, we have to be witnessing mental triple gainers here with calls to end NAFTA, to reject the Trans-Pacific Partnership outright, and to hike tariffs to ridiculous levels. It is unfortunate, indeed, when this time of year brings out strawman argu-ments scapegoating free trade for ev-erything that ails the U.S. economy. The truth is, free trade expands eco-nomic freedom, spurs competition, raises productivity, facilitates job cre-ation, and increases the standard of living for all countries if we choose to embrace it. To put it simply, free trade provides the U.S. economy with access to global markets. According to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, 80 percent of the purchasing power and more than 95 percent of the world’s consumers live outside of our borders. In addition, 92 percent of the world’s economic growth is also outside of U.S. borders. In an increasingly global economy, it is incredible to think of the financial op-portunities that free trade opens up for a variety of sectors of our economy. According to the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, U.S. exports supported more than 11 million jobs in goods and services in 2013, a quarter of U.S. manufacturing jobs, and more than 900,000 jobs in the agriculture sec-tor just since 2012. And it is not just jobs directly related to exports. In 2013, the United States spent more than $450 billion in research and development— more than any other country on the planet. Do we really think U.S. compa-nies are going to pour their hard- earned dollars into developing products and technology if they are able to sell only to the U.S. market alone? Not a chance. Lowering trade barriers and allowing reciprocal access to U.S. markets also provide U.S. consumers access to lower cost goods, boosting their purchasing power. By some reports, U.S. middle- class Americans gain more than a quarter of their purchasing power from trade, allowing individuals and fami-lies coast to coast to purchase a wider variety of goods at lower cost. This is the part that some people don’t appre-ciate. Imports not only stretch dollars for consumers at the cash register, but free trade also allows for access to cheaper inputs that make U.S. indus-tries more globally competitive around the world. In fact, it is estimated that half of U.S. imports are actually inputs for U.S. production for U.S. manufac-turing. Lower price imports also help reduce production costs and can lead to expanded production, employment, and wages in the United States. I bring up these issues today because in the midst of somewhat predictable politically heated comments, albeit from somewhat unpredictable sources on the Republican side of the aisle, it is important to remember that trade is a critical component of the U.S. econ-omy. We should be working to expand trade, not impede it. Beyond barring the direct benefits I have noted, a protectionist agenda can only result in a chilling effect on for-eign investment. In the long run, U.S. workers, industry, and consumers will all lose out if foreigners perceive the U.S. as a hostile place of doing busi-ness. I understand it is difficult for politi-cians to point to the benefits of free trade. It is tougher to look out there and find individuals who directly ben-efit from buying cheaper goods or hav-ing cheaper inputs for their own pro-duction. It is easy to find individuals whose companies have closed down be-cause of global competition, but in the aggregate, on the whole, the country is far better off, and we should under-stand that here. We have access to the information and the modeling, to ev-erything that tells us that trade is ex-tremely beneficial to the economy, and it is good for the U.S. worker as well. We are often told to everything there is a season. Unfortunately, this is the season where empty protectionist rhet-oric is allowed to bloom. I urge my colleagues to consider this carefully the next time they are tempt-ed to talk about protectionist benefits rather than the benefits of free trade. With that, I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. ZIKA VIRUS  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I wish to spend a couple of moments to talk about the Zika virus and our re-sponse from Congress to it. There has been a lot of conversation about the Zika virus, both in the media and in a multiple of our committees for months, actually. This is not a new issue that has been brought up. This is an existing issue. The spread of the Zika virus is moving across our hemi-sphere. It is rapidly spreading in mul-tiple countries to the south of us, and it is moving toward the United States. As most people know, the Zika virus is carried by a mosquito—a particular type of mosquito. Not all mosquitoes can transmit the Zika virus. This par-ticular type of mosquito can carry the virus from one person when the Zika virus is in their blood. It gets in the mosquito. The mosquito bites someone else and transfers it. The interesting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.030 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2724 May 12, 2016 
thing that most people don’t realize is that the Zika virus for most individ-uals is not all that difficult or painful to be able to work through. In their own materials that they have now put out in their response to the Zika virus, the CDC tries to list the symptoms of Zika and what it really means for most individuals. For most individuals, it is something they will have for a few days. They said that for many individuals, they don’t even know they have it. It is something similar to having a cold, where they may have some muscle pain and a headache. They may have a fever or a rash, but it goes away after a few days. They are then immune to it for the rest of their life. In fact, the CDC says that if you have it, the treatment they list for the Zika virus—obviously, they always suggest that you check in with your doctor. But the common treatment from CDC is to get plenty of rest, drink fluids, and take Tylenol. It is not something that most people should be afraid of unless you are pregnant, but the risk of birth defects is astronomical. Now, not everyone who is pregnant and gets the Zika virus also has birth defects, but for those that have, it can be very, very serious. This is to be taken seriously, but it is not a new issue as well. The Zika virus has been known to be around since the 1950s. It has moved through multiple different countries in multiple different regions. In the United States, though, we have yet to have a single case in the continental United States that originated in the United States. These are individuals who traveled to countries south of us in Central America or South America and picked up the virus there or in Puerto Rico or in some of the other areas in the Caribbean and then have come back to the United States. But it is yet to have a transfer, that we know of, from any individual within the United States to another person in the United States. Again, that doesn’t belittle the issue, but I want to put it in the context of where we are. We are at the early stages of dealing with this as U.S. citi-zens. In Puerto Rico and other areas, it is very advanced and there are hun-dreds of cases there. Now the deter-mination is this: What do we do? The CDC has already stepped up, try-ing to intervene and trying to find ways to be able to develop a vaccine for it, which they feel confident they can do. I met with the Director of the CDC not long ago. He feels very confident they will be able to have a vaccine within a couple of years. But then we have a couple of years that we are deal-ing with in the process just for the de-velopment of the vaccine and then the distribution of that vaccine. The main thing that can be done right now is actually putting down mosquito populations. It is getting into areas where there is rapid advancement of mosquitoes and actually putting pes-ticides in those areas to greatly dimin-ish the population of mosquitoes. It is developing better testing for Zika. It is getting out the opportunity in dif-ferent health departments around the country to say: How are we going to evaluate this and how do we know if someone just has a fever and a rash, if that is something else related to heat, or if that something related to Zika? The CDC is engaging in all of those things. In the middle of this, the White House has requested almost $2 billion in what they are calling an emergency request for Zika. I do believe there should be a response to Zika, and we should aggressively lean in. The last thing we should do is sit around and wait until the Zika virus spreads across the United States and affects many of these pregnant moms who are out there. Then we have birth defects because of our inactivity in the days ahead. But almost $2 billion in an emergency request is interesting to me because for a lot of it they haven’t given us great detail on it of really what all of that will engage. But they have said they need this large amount of money. I have to tell you that I am a little bit skeptical when anyone comes and says: It is an emergency. I need $2 bil-lion, and I will tell you what it is for later. We went through this with the Ebola funding, where there was a $5 billion request for Ebola funding. Two years later, they spent about $2.5 billion of that. Recently, the administration transferred half a billion dollars of that funding for Ebola into treatment and discovery for Zika. So they have al-ready reprogrammed some of that money and have started to be able to move it over. I would ask just a couple of things of this body as we consider how we are going to handle Zika. One is to treat it seriously. Though for most people it is not a serious issue, if you are pregnant, it is serious. We should treat it seri-ously. The second thing is that we should do this appropriations in the normal ap-propriations process. I do not think we need to have additional debt spending. We can reprogram existing funds to be able to deal with this. We also need real detail of how this money is going to be spent so that we don’t allocate dollars and then find out later how they were going to be spent. We have a responsibility as Congress to know how American tax dollars are being spent, and I think my skepticism is justified. Let me give you just a quick idea. Right now, if we are going to deal with actually funding this area—which I be-lieve we should—then we should begin with allowing the Department of State, HHS, and USAID to have transfer au-thority within their existing accounts to be able to address this. These three agencies currently have $86 billion in what they call unobligated balances from previous years that they already have right now—$86 billion. With this much money lying around, there is ab-solutely no need to ask the American people to pay an additional $1 billion on top of the originally already obli-gated—overobligated—and bloated budget. The transfer authority I would ask for would be accompanied by a com-prehensive spending plan that requires the administration to detail exactly how it plans to use these funds and then report out any obligations to match up with the original spending plan. Before we write a blank check to the administration, I believe the Amer-ican people should actually know how this is being spent. Now, there are some individuals who would say this is an emergency. We just need to add $1 billion more in debt and figure out how to pay for it later. I would disagree. We have transfer authority. This is not new. In fact, if you go back to 2009, President Obama requested transfer authority to HHS to deal with the H1N1 panic. Remember when the big panic was about swine flu and about H1N1 in 2009? As a nation, we stood up and addressed some of these issues. At that time the President made a very specific request for transfer au-thority to deal with this. That is not any different than what I am saying right now. I don’t understand how this is different than how we were dealing with H1N1. Right now we have to have additional spending on top of every-thing else, but in 2009 it was entirely appropriate to be able to reprogram funds. Again, this is not new. As I have mentioned before about for the Ebola emergency supplementals, the Presi-dent has already taken about $600 mil-lion from Ebola and transferred that over to Zika. It is interesting to note that in March President Obama reprogrammed $500 million from the Economic Sup-port Fund, which is designated by Con-gress to combat infectious diseases. He took $500 million from the fund to com-bat infectious diseases and instead re-programmed it over for the Green Cli-mate Fund. So he took half a billion dollars from the infectious diseases ac-count and used it instead for the Green Climate Fund—internationally. He has done this before. In fact, it was just days ago that the President took $8 million out of a different ac-count and reprogrammed it to purchase almost $9 million of heavy water from Iran. This body, of all bodies, has the re-sponsibility to be able to not only deal with the health emergencies that are happening around the world but also the fiscal issues that we have in our Nation. We can do both. There is no reason to do debt spending when the money is there right now to be repro-grammed. We do not have to break the budget caps, and we do not have to ac-celerate other areas of spending just to do what is our responsibility. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.013 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2725 May 12, 2016 
should do the responsible thing in deal-ing with Zika. We should also assume the responsibility we have to take care of the American taxpayer at the same time. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. I ask unanimous con-sent to be allowed to speak as in morn-ing business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
PRESCRIPTION OPIOID ABUSE  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I am honored to represent the State of Illi-nois. It is a big State. From Chicago to Carroll at the southern tip of our State is 400 miles, and, of course, there is more State north of Chicago. I traveled the State over the last several months, and last week I went to the southern tip of the State, worked my way through, came back through central Il-linois, and was in the city of Chicago. There is one recurring challenge I find all across the State: No matter what community I visit, I have learned that there is no town too small, no suburb too wealthy, no city that has escaped the opioid and heroin epidemic we are now facing. America is losing more people to heroin overdose than we are to traffic accidents. It has become that common. I try to have roundtables around the State—rural areas, suburban towns— and really try to get the picture of what is happening. I think I have come to understand it a little better because of this effort, and I would like to dis-cuss it today. The opioid/heroin crisis demands our immediate attention. It demands a comprehensive response involving local, State, and Federal Government, law enforcement agencies, and the pri-vate sector. For too long we have fo-cused our efforts almost exclusively on responding to and treating addiction. That is a critical element, and I am not going to diminish it, but we need to look beyond that. Yes, we need to make sure substance abuse treatment is available. Right now there are some archaic laws in the Medicaid Program that restrict the number of beds one can have in a treat-ment facility. I see Senator A
LEXANDER  from Tennessee has come to the floor, and he is chair of the committee that may consider this issue. He may be aware of the fact that many years ago we restricted the number of treatment beds in substance abuse treatment fa-cilities to 16 beds. If we can imagine, for facilities treating the city of Chi-cago, 16 beds doesn’t even touch the problem we are facing with addictions today, so I hope we can increase that number. I talked to Senator COLLINS of Maine, and she has run into the same thing in her home State, and I bet oth-ers have as well. When it comes to treatment, there are things we must do, and this is one when it comes to Medicaid. But we have to do more than that. Simply dealing with substance abuse treat-ment, as important and critical as it is, is not enough. We need to look at the root causes of the issue. Each year in America, the pharma-ceutical industry produces 14 billion opioid pills—14 billion. That is enough to provide every adult in America a 1- month prescription of opioid pain-killers. There is a definite need for these painkillers and pain manage-ment. The Centers for Disease Control estimates that 14 to 16 percent of Americans face chronic and acute pain. I want to be sensitive to their needs and make certain they have the kind of pain relief and pain management they desperately need every single day, but what we have now is a market in America flooded with these opioid pills. The number of opioid prescrip-tions has risen dramatically, from 76 million prescriptions in 1991 to 245 mil-lion in 2014—more than triple the amount. The United States is the larg-est consumer of opioid pain pills, ac-counting for almost 100 percent of the world’s total consumption of hydrocodone and 81 percent of OxyContin. There are a number of reasons we have seen the sharp rise in the number of opioids being prescribed over the last two decades: There is increased at-tention on identifying and treating pain; there is perceived financial incen-tive in some cases to overtreat pain; and there is a lack of insurance cov-erage for alternative pain treatment modalities. However, the single largest reason behind the dramatic increase is the production on the pharmaceutical side. The dramatic increase in prescrip-tions for these addictive pain killers can be directly linked to Purdue Pharma introducing OxyContin in the late 1990s. Between 1996 and 2002, Pur-due Pharma funded more than 20,000 pain-related educational programs for doctors through direct sponsorship or financial grant and launched a multi-faceted campaign to encourage long- term use of OxyContin for chronic, noncancer pain. They, of course, pro-moted their pills to doctors and pa-tients on the false promise that these powerful painkillers could relieve pain for up to 12 hours in many patients. When clinical trials and physicians’ and patients’ feedback showed that OxyContin didn’t last for that full pe-riod, Perdue Pharma refused to explore other dosing intervals. Instead, they urged doctors to increase the dosage, leading to highs and lows of crippling addiction and overdose. The recent guidelines released by the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention recommended against using opioids for chronic, noncancer pain management, but by this point Perdue Pharma had opened the door for others to follow. From 1972 to 2015, the Food and Drug Administration has approved more than 400 different opioid prod-ucts—100 brand-name drugs and more than 300 generic versions. The pharma-ceutical industry is flooding our com-munities with greater and greater quantities of these drugs. Between 1993 and 2015, the production of hydrocodone increased twelvefold, the production of hydromorphone in-creased twenty-three-fold, and the pro-duction of fentanyl increased twenty- five-fold. As I mentioned earlier, there are approximately 14 billion prescrip-tion opioid pills on the market in America every year. What has been the result of this over-production and overprescribing? Nearly 2 million people in the United States are currently addicted to opioids. We have seen alarming increases in opioid- related emergency room visits and treatment admissions for abuse. In 2014 opioids were involved in 28,647 deaths in America. In 2014 Illinois had 1,652 opioid-related drug overdose deaths—a nearly 30 percent increase over 2010. Each week in Illinois, we average eight deaths due to prescription drug over-dose. And it doesn’t stop there. In so many cases, prescription opioid abuse leads to heroin addiction. Four out of five current heroin users say their addic-tion began with prescription opioids. It is heartbreaking to have these roundtables in communities and to sit across the table from recent graduates from high school who tell the story of having been addicted in high school for years, and then when they couldn’t af-ford the expensive pills, they switched to heroin, which was cheaper and in many cases for their friends, deadly. The United States currently has 467,000 heroin addicts. Between 2002 and 2013, the rate of heroin-related over-dose deaths nearly quadrupled, with more than 8,200 people dying from her-oin in 2013. It is time to change. We need a com-prehensive solution. We need it now. We have to prevent these drug compa-nies from flooding the market with ex-cessive amounts of addictive pills. We can’t sit idly by while they tell us these powerful painkillers are safe. We know better. We must encourage the Drug Enforcement Agency and the FDA to use their authority to keep un-necessary, unsafe drugs off the market, and we must crack down on doctors and providers who are overprescribing. Let me repeat. People suffering chronic and acute pain need help. They need pain relief, and they need pain management. I will never stand in their way. But we know from the vol-ume of painkillers that are being pre-scribed that there are many people who are abusing. I shared with four major medical so-cieties a recent letter asking them to help us help our Nation combat this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.015 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2726 May 12, 2016 
epidemic. I want them to endorse man-datory continuing medical education programs for those who prescribe opioids—doctors and dentists. They should support proposals to require that physicians and dentists check pre-scription drug monitoring databases before they prescribe opioids to pa-tients, ensuring that these patients aren’t just doctor shopping, and they should increase awareness and trans-parency in physician-prescribing prac-tices, as well as proper accountability and intervention. Every stakeholder in this complex opioid epidemic has played a role in reaching this dreadful point, and now every stakeholder has a responsibility to help us address this crisis. The Senate passed a bill earlier this year that has some good provisions and authorizes new programs, but it did not go far enough. It didn’t provide addi-tional funding for the crisis. Simply passing an authorizing bill and giving stirring speeches on the floor of the Senate is not going to solve the prob-lem. It didn’t address the overprescrip-tion of opioids, and it is time for us to be honest about this. I recently heard one of our leaders on this subject tell us: Well, we are going to start teaching the new doctors in medical school not to make the same mistakes. I am sorry, but that is not good enough. Those who currently have the legal au-thority to prescribe have to change their ways to stop this epidemic. And the bills we considered didn’t address the overproduction of these addictive drugs. We can’t solve this massive American problem with half measures. We need to come together—Congress, local gov-ernment, law enforcement, health care providers, drug companies, doctors—to help solve this problem, and we need to do it as soon as possible. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that at 1:45 p.m. on Thursday, today, May 12, all postcloture time be considered expired and that following the disposition of the Alexander substitute amendment, the cloture motion on H.R. 2028 be withdrawn, the bill be read a third time, and the Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —H.R. 2577 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that fol-lowing disposition of H.R. 2028, the En-ergy and Water appropriations bill, the Senate proceed to the consideration of H.R. 2577, the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development appropriations bill; further, that the pending amend-ments be withdrawn and that Senator COCHRAN or his designee be recognized to offer a substitute amendment that contains the text of S. 2844 and S. 2806 as reported by the Appropriations Com-mittee with a technical citation cor-rection in section 237 of S. 2844; fur-ther, that the substitute amendment be considered an Appropriations Com-mittee amendment for the purpose of rule XVI and that H.R. 2577 serve as the basis for defense of germaneness under rule XVI for the division of the sub-stitute that contains S. 2844 and that H.R. 4974, as reported by the House Ap-propriations Committee, serve as the basis for defense of germaneness under rule XVI for the division of the sub-stitute that contains S. 2806; finally, that floor amendments be drafted to one of the two divisions and use the corresponding House text for defense of germaneness and that rule XVI dis-cipline apply during consideration of this measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oregon. 
ENERGY POLICY AND CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, today I rise to talk about a move-ment—a vision—called ‘‘Keep It in the Ground’’ and why it is so important to the future of our energy policy here in the United States and our energy strat-egy around the world. The core challenge we face as citi-zens of this planet and as policymakers in the United States is that the impact of global warming is having dev-astating effects across our country and the world. We can simply look at my home State of Oregon and see that be-cause the winters are warmer, and the pine beetles are thriving and killing a lot more trees. There is such a broad swath of dead trees that it is referred to as the red zone. You can fly above the red zone, as I have, in a plane and see—it feels like it is from horizon to horizon—this swath of red. It is caus-ing extraordinary damage to the for-ests, and it impacts the natural eco-system and timber industry, which is a key part of the economy of Oregon. We could go across the State to the Oregon coast where the oyster industry started having severe problems about the time I was elected to the Senate. The problem was rooted in the fact that baby oysters were dying, and they couldn’t figure out why. They thought that perhaps it was due to a bacteria or virus. They had help from research sci-entists who stepped in to study the sit-uation. It turned out to be the increas-ing acidity of the Pacific Ocean, and that acidity was making it very hard for the baby oysters to form a shell. As a result, they were dying. So they artificially manipulated the acidity of the water that the baby oys-ters were bred in, and that is helping quite a bit. What other challenges are there for the food chain in the oceans if our oceans have absorbed so much car-bon and produced so much carbonic acid that it is affecting the formation of shells on our oysters? What else will start going wrong? We can turn to the changing weather pat-terns that are producing drought and floods with greater intensity and un-derstand the impact on agriculture. We can look to the Klamath Basin in my State, which has had the three worst droughts within a 15-year period. We can look at the impact of the snowpack in the Cascades and realize and see the decline of the winter snow entertain-ment industry. We can look around the country and see all kinds of other impacts. We see that the moose are dying in the north-eastern part of the United States be-cause the winters are not cold enough to kill the ticks. The ticks are killing the moose and the moose are dis-appearing. We can look at Louisiana. Recent re-ports say that they are losing a foot-ball field’s worth of coastline every 48 minutes due to global warming. That is less than an hour. That is a substantial amount of land that is disappearing hour after hour, day after day, week after week, month after month, and, of course, year after year. It is having a huge impact. We have come to understand that as the weather warms, certain insects that provide hosts to various diseases gain a greater terrain. As the tempera-ture changes, mosquitoes from the southern part of the United States are moving north, and two of those mos-quitoes carry the Zika virus. That is just one example of the concerns that are presented by changing insect popu-lations. We can look at the impact on the lob-sters in Maine. The lobsters are moving north as the water warms in Maine. They are also dealing with the loss of their cod fishery because of the chang-ing water temperatures. The impact is everywhere. For any-one who looks across the United States and does not recognize that we are in an extraordinary time of multiple changes in the weather patterns, tem-peratures, and the impacts on animals, insects, agriculture, and timber—if you can’t see that, you are really choosing not to look, and we cannot afford not to look. It is our responsibility to be aware of what is happening, why it is happening, and how we need to re-spond. That is why I am on the floor today. I am here to talk about ‘‘Keep It in the Ground.’’ I will be doing a series of speeches about different components of the challenge we have in responding to global warming. A part of those con-versations will involve looking at these various effects in more detail, such as what I have already mentioned, and other speeches will talk about the promise of new policy strategies, new technologies, new investments, mission innovations, et cetera, that provide a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.018 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2727 May 12, 2016 
glimmer of hope of what is happening here in the United States and across the globe. Here is the challenge. What this all boils down to is that these problems are created by the massive burning of fossil fuels. I think people are gen-erally aware that fossil fuels are cre-ated by hundreds of millions of years in which plant life has settled to the bot-tom of the ocean, then is trapped and submerged. Over time, it is converted into coal, oil, and natural gas. We are pulling out that carbon that has devel-oped over these hundreds of millions of years in a very short span of a few gen-erations on this planet—just over the last 150 years. It has been just over the last 150 years. We have been burning it so it is putting this massive infusion of carbon dioxide back into the air and changing the chemistry of our air. Therefore, it is changing the heat re-tention of our thin layer of atmosphere that covers our planet and thereby warming our planet—the greenhouse effect as it is referred to. So our core challenge is to pivot from burning fossil fuels for energy to other forms of energy that do not put carbon dioxide into the air and to do so in a very short period of time. Naturally, this leads to the question: How much of these fossil fuels can we continue to burn without devastating consequences? That is something that is referred to as the climate math, and that is what I am going to turn to now. The basic situation is, we have prov-en reserves that equate to about 2,800 gigatons of carbon dioxide. Those are fossil fuels in the ground equating to about 2,800 gigatons of carbon dioxide. If we were to burn all of those proven reserves that we have in the ground currently, we would massively accel-erate global warming, and with the feedback mechanisms, that is disas-trous for our planet. The international community has gotten together and said: What do we need to aim at in order to avoid these catastrophic consequences? There will be serious consequences. We already have serious consequences and we can’t avoid them. How do we avoid cata-strophic consequences? The general po-sition they have put forward is that we need to limit the warming of the planet to no more than 2 degrees centigrade. In the United States, we primarily op-erate in terms of Fahrenheit, so we translate 2 degrees centigrade to 3.6 de-grees Fahrenheit. Since the time we started burning coal until now, we have already raised the temperature of the planet about half that amount—1 degree centigrade or 1.8 degrees Fahrenheit. So we are al-ready halfway toward the limit beyond which the effects become more and more catastrophic. As scientists have evaluated that 2,800 gigatons of carbon dioxide trapped in fossil fuels and asked how much more can we burn, they essentially have come to the con-clusion that we can burn about one- fifth of it—one-fifth of the proven re-serves. Let’s translate what that means. That means, to avoid catastrophe, we have to leave 80 percent of the proven reserves in the ground. This is an enor-mous challenge for human society—for governments and policymakers and in-dividuals across the planet—to under-take because every owner of those proven reserves has the knowledge that their coal, their oil, their natural gas has substantial value on the market. They want to preserve the ability to extract it out of the ground and sell it for combustion. For example, some oil is used in making plastics, but the great majority is utilized in combus-tion—the creation of energy. That is where this challenge is coming from. So how do we go about creating poli-cies that keep 80 percent of the proven reserves in the ground, when they have so much value to their owners and the owners want to retain the ability to ex-tract them? That is the challenge we face. It is an extraordinarily difficult challenge. The reason I particularly want to emphasize this ‘‘Keep It in the Ground’’ movement is it shines a bright light on this carbon math, this global warming math. When we talk about, well, the planet is getting warmer, and we have to burn less so we need to make our buildings more energy efficient, that is abso-lutely true, and we should do every-thing to make our buildings more en-ergy efficient, but it doesn’t convey the fundamental understanding of the size of the challenge we face, which is to keep 80 percent of the proven reserves in the ground. When we talk about the need to make our cars more fuel efficient in order to burn less gasoline, which means burn less oil to produce less car-bon dioxide, that is true. We absolutely need to make our cars more energy ef-ficient, but talking about that doesn’t convey the enormity of the challenge, which is to keep 80 percent of the prov-en reserves in the ground. When we talk about the need to move more freight on trucks that are more effi-cient and shift more freight to trains because they are more fuel efficient, that also is absolutely true, but again it doesn’t convey the key challenge. As we look at each of these areas of strategy and conservation, all of them are tools we are going to need to use to keep our reserves in the ground. We are also going to need to use other tools. Those tools certainly involve a quick pivot to produce more renewable en-ergy to substitute for the electricity that is generated by the burning of coal and the burning of natural gas. We have to pivot quickly, but again, when we talk about pivoting quickly, it doesn’t convey the size of the chal-lenge. What is that challenge? We must leave 80 percent of the proven reserves in the world in the ground. That is the challenge. So we must do energy con-servation. We must proceed to pivot quickly to renewable energy, but we need to understand the urgency, the speed with which we do so because we have a limited carbon budget. On this chart, the layout in the or-ange bar is the size of the proven re-serves that are in the ground. Here, with this yellow bar, is the amount of fossil fuels we can burn and not exceed 2 degrees centigrade or a 3.6-degree Fahrenheit temperature change. As we can see, the vast bulk of the reserves that are in the ground have to be left in the ground. That is the 80 percent that has to be left in the ground. This ‘‘Keep It in the Ground’’ movement is all about understanding this core carbon math and crafting policies in which we emphasize that we are on a pathway to achieving success; that is, to leave this 80 percent in the ground. This also leads to a conversation about the U.S. ownership of a vast amount of fossil fuels. You and I, as citizens of the United States, we are owners of a huge amount of coal, a huge amount of natural gas, a huge amount of oil. We don’t think of our-selves as energy barons, but each and every one of us as citizens collectively own a vast amount of fossil fuels be-cause on Federal land there is a tre-mendous amount of oil, a tremendous amount of coal, and a tremendous amount of natural gas. We have the re-sponsibility in the Senate and in the House and in the executive branch to manage what we own as citizens of the United States for the public good. In the past, managing for the public good meant let’s do leases and raise some revenue for the Federal Govern-ment, and we have leased out about 10 percent of the carbon reserves that we own as citizens—our citizen-owned car-bon, fossil fuel reserves—but 90 percent of it has not been leased out. When we do a lease, it creates a legal contract in which the individual company that has purchased the lease now has the right to extract that oil, to extract that nat-ural gas, to extract that coal for years to come, and to renew the lease. There are many leases that result in extrac-tion going on for decades—for 10 years, for 20 years but even three decades, four decades, five decades into the fu-ture. We cannot afford, as Americans or as citizens of this planet, to be fa-cilitating the extraction of fossil fuels to be burned three, four, or five decades into the future. There is no way that the world is going to meet this chal-lenge of keeping 80 percent of the car-bon in the ground, 80 percent of their fossil fuels in the ground if the public entities can’t even exercise discipline not to extract and burn these fossil fuels. So how much do we own? How big of oil barons are the citizens of the United States? How much oil and nat-ural gas and coal do we have? Well, the total amount measured in terms of car-bon dioxide is about 300 to 450 gigatons. That is this green bar. If we think about the 80 percent we leave in the ground, that substantial amount, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.019 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2728 May 12, 2016 
which is over 2,000 gigatons, this amount we own as citizens is a sub-stantial percentage. It has been esti-mated to be in the range of about 14 to 20 percent of the amount the world needs to leave in the ground. So if we make the decision as Ameri-cans to leave what we own in the ground to save our planet, we have helped set the world on a course in which we reach this 80 percent target of what is left in the ground, but if we can’t exercise discipline and quit leas-ing out our fossil fuel reserves, often at $1 or $2 per acre—if we can’t stop that, how can we anticipate adopting the policies necessary to help lead the world in this enormous challenge? So this has led to the keep-it-in-the- ground bill I introduced last year. The keep-it-in-the-ground bill says the fos-sil fuel reserves that you and I own best serve the public good by not burn-ing them, by not doing new leases for extraction—extraction that will con-tinue 30, 40, 50 years into the future; that we cannot afford to do that with-out devastating consequences to our planet. The existing leases—we have al-ready leased out 10 percent of the fossil fuel reserves, which means there isn’t a complete shutdown of the fossil fuel enterprise on public lands, but it does mean we are not going to go any fur-ther or, as it has been put, if you are in a hole, quit digging. In this case, we are in a carbon hole and we absolutely need to quit digging. There have been a number of Sen-ators sign on to the keep-it-in-the- ground bill, recognizing the best, high-est use of our citizen-owned fossil fuels is to keep them in the ground, and I ap-preciate their support a great deal. There has also been a series of con-versations around the country since the time the bill was introduced that have been very relevant or related to these issues. The first conversation was about the Keystone Pipeline. Should we build a pipeline that turns the tap on to some of the dirtiest fossil fuels on the planet, the Canadian tar sands? The answer is no. Those tar sands need to be left in the ground. We need a Ca-nadian keep-it-in-the-ground move-ment to say that Canada, too, is going to utilize its citizen-owned fossil fuels at the highest purpose, which is to leave them in the ground, to keep them in the ground. Certainly, the United States shouldn’t be facilitating the ex-traction by building a convenient, cheap way to move those fossil fuels out of the ground. So I applaud all of those who stood with humanity in this key mission and said no to the Key-stone Pipeline. Another aspect has been offshore drilling. There was a big conversation about drilling in the Arctic. The Arc-tic, because it is so cold and frozen and full of ice, has been a terrain, particu-larly offshore, where drilling is ex-traordinarily difficult, with extreme risk of oilspill. Should an oilspill occur in very cold water, that means the damage will be enormous because the oil will break down so slowly. So I put forward a keep-it-in-the-ground bill for no offshore drilling in the Arctic. And that is not the bill we have had action on here in the Senate, but, as it turns out, we have moved forward. Shell, which was the leading company to ex-plore offshore in the Arctic, sent ships up for several years. They had one ca-lamity after another, one disaster after another because of the harsh and chal-lenging circumstances. Citizens in the United States, in a grassroots move-ment, said: Shell, no. Shell, no. This is wrong. This is the height of irrespon-sibility to our environment and to have the U.S. leading extraction in a whole new area. We should be leading the Arctic nations and leaving the Arctic off limits as part of this ‘‘Keep It in the Ground’’ movement, not leading the front edge of extraction. Well, Shell abandoned its leases, both because of the difficulty of drilling and because of citizen reaction here at home saying what they were doing is wrong. I thank Shell for ending its Arc-tic drilling program, and I thank the administration for saying that they are not going to issue any more leases for drilling in the Arctic waters. Let’s go further. The United States is the chair of the Arctic Council. Let’s use that chairmanship to lead nations in putting the Arctic off-limits. That would be a tremendous collaborative effort among a small group of nations to move forward this ‘‘Keep It in the Ground’’ movement and to save our planet. Another big piece of this conversa-tion has been about coal leases. As I mentioned, we often lease acres of coal for just a few dollars. It is no substan-tial revenue in the large scheme of things to the United States. It is hugely beneficial to the cheap extrac-tion of coal, though, which is the oppo-site of the direction we need to go. So we need to quit doing new coal leases. That is part of the keep-it-in-the ground bill I introduced. No more leases of citizen-owned fossil fuels. And the Obama administration has now sus-pended its leases on coal, new coal leases. That is a tremendous event. Part of what the administration said was that we need to pause and evaluate the impact on global warming in doing these leases. We need to also evaluate the impact on American leadership in the world on this major issue facing humanity. If we are telling other nations ‘‘Please don’t burn coal. Please expand your use of renewable energy and do it quickly,’’ how is that consistent? How is our plea for partnership—because we must do this as a collection of nations—how is our request for partnership in this great and important mission of our generation consistent with us con-tinuing new leases of coal? It certainly is not consistent. We need to put an end to these coal leases, and I applaud the administration. And in the next ad-ministration, whether it is Democratic or Republican, we need to work to-gether to do no new coal leases. So that was a tremendous step forward in this effort. Back in December, nearly 200 nations came together to work together to cre-ate an international accord with the singular goal of reducing the burning of fossil fuels and converting to renew-able energy or reducing the burning of fossil fuels because of energy conserva-tion. The countries made a variety of pledges. One of those countries that made those pledges was India. I had a chance to lead a bilateral meeting be-tween legislators from the United States and members of the Government of India. They said: We have 300 million citizens in India who do not have ac-cess to electricity. As a national gov-ernment, we have to expand our elec-tric infrastructure to provide elec-tricity for a basic standard of living and basic economic development. We can certainly understand that mission. We went through rural elec-trification. Our goal was to make sure there was wiring in every house in America to improve the standard of living for Americans. So Americans we are certainly understanding of the goal of the Indian Government. They proceeded to say this: Right now we plan to provide electricity to 100 million individuals through renew-able energy and 200 million citizens of India through coal-burning power. It almost causes your heart to sink, this plan for massive increases in coal- burning in India. So here is an opportunity. How can we in the United States work with India so they can meet that demand of 300 million citizens with conservation and renewable energy rather than new coal plants? How can we work in part-nership with China as they work to provide electricity to their hundreds of millions of individuals and to do so with renewable energy and conserva-tion, not new coal-burning plants? This is a challenge for us, and an important challenge, but we certainly have no credibility talking to India about try-ing to make sure they do no new coal- burning plants if we are signing new leases to extract coal off of our public lands. Credibility is very important in this international conversation. It has been said that we are the first generation to feel the impacts of global warming and we are the last genera-tion to be able to do something about it. That is profoundly true. That is the moral challenge to American leaders in our generation. That is the moral chal-lenge to international leaders in our generation. Our children and our chil-dren’s children, our children’s grand-children and great-grandchildren are going to say: You were the generation that saw the impact of global warming on our Nation and on our planet, and you knew from the science that we had to move quickly to pivot off of fossil fuels, and yet you did too little and you damaged the quality of life for bil-lions of children and children of chil-dren for generations to come because of your short-term failure to act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.020 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2729 May 12, 2016 
Let that not be the story told by our children and our grandchildren and our great-grandchildren. Let them instead say: That generation was the first to see the impact of global warming and know they had to act quickly to re-verse the steady climb of temperature on our planet. Let’s thank them be-cause they saw the challenge and they acted, and we are forever indebted to them for doing so. Let that be the story that is told. Let this be the moment that we act. Thank you, Madam President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, in about 15 minutes, the Senate will vote on final passage of the Energy and Water appropriations bill that the Sen-ator from California, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , and I have been working on with Mem-bers of the Senate for the last few weeks. The Senate began consideration of this bill on Wednesday, April 20. According to the Congressional Re-search Service, this is the earliest date the Senate has begun debating an ap-propriations bill in the last 40 years. When we finish today, this will be the earliest the Senate has passed an ap-propriations bill in the last 40 years. Eighty Senators either submitted re-quests or offered amendments to the bill. Senator F
EINSTEIN and I have worked hard to accommodate most of those. The last time this bill, the En-ergy and Water appropriations bill, was considered by the Senate and passed in regular order was in the year 2009. By ‘‘regular order,’’ I mean it came to the floor, it had an open amendment proc-ess, all 100 Senators had a chance to participate in it, instead of just the 30 on the Appropriations Committee, and it was eventually voted on and ap-proved. Yesterday, the Senate voted to end debate on the substitute amendment by a vote of 97 to 2. As I mentioned, today we are ready for final passage in about 15 minutes. By the end of this process, we will have considered 21 amendments and adopted 14. I appreciate my colleagues sup-porting the regular appropriations process. I thank Senators who offered germane and relevant amendments, and I hope we can now overwhelmingly pass the bill. I begin by pointing something out. It is appropriate that we have in the chair the Senator from Georgia, who has devoted so much of his time this year to reforming our budget process. This is the part of the budget that we are working on. It is a little more than a trillion dollars, and it is not the Fed-eral spending problem that we have. This is 2008 through about today, and you can see that spending levels are pretty flat. This is the projection by the Congressional Budget Office about where spending for this part of the budget will go over the next several years. What is in this blue line? It is all of our national defense; all of the work we need, such as in this bill, to deepen the harbors in Savannah and in Charleston; all the money for our national labora-tories; all the money for our Pell grants for college students; and the money for the National Institutes of Health for treatments and cancer cures. In this part of the budget—in this trillion dollars that we work on— there are very important matters that virtually everyone who votes for us would like to see us address. I believe those of us on the Appropriations Com-mittee have done a good job of over-sight of this trillion dollars in spend-ing. Here is where the problem is—this red line. This is the entitlement spend-ing. It gets to be three times as much as this blue line. It is up toward $4 tril-lion. This is $1 trillion. This is where we need to go to work. Sometimes Senators of each party will come to the floor and beat their chests, bragging about cutting this blue line as if they were doing something about the red line. I hope we will stop that. I hope we will go to work and figure out what we are going to do to responsibly keep this line under control as we go forward. What we have done—with the co-operation of the Senate in the last cou-ple of weeks—is to pass the first of the Senate appropriations bills and to do it earlier than it has been done in the last 4 years. I see the Senator from California has arrived. I wish to acknowledge her leadership and thank her for it. In her words, we give and we take. We have a process whereby we stick to our prin-ciples, but we do our best to come to a result, which we have done. It is a great pleasure to work with her. I am going to cease my remarks 5 minutes or 6 minutes before the vote so that Senator F
EINSTEIN will have a chance to speak if she would like to speak. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Thank you. Mr. ALEXANDER. I also wish to thank the staffs for their work on this bill. They have been remarkably good. In Senator F
EINSTEIN ’s staff are Doug Clapp, Chris Hanson, Samantha Nelson, and Tim Dykstra. The staff on my side includes Tyler Owens, Adam DeMella, Meyer Selig-man, Jen Armstrong, Haley Alexander, David Cleary, Allison Martin, Mac-kenzie Burt, Lucas DaPieve, Kayla McMurray, and John Rivard. Then I thank the Republican floor staff, who have had to put up with us as we have had tried to work through the amendments: Laura Dove, Robert Duncan, Megan Mercer, Chris Tuck, Mary Elizabeth Taylor, Tony Hanagan, Mike Smith, and Katherine Kilroy. I thank the Democratic floor staff as well for working with us and making this possible. I will make a few remarks about this bill. This bill is almost half and half defense and nondefense, about $37.5 bil-lion. It supports several Federal agen-cies that do important work, including the U.S. Department of Energy, Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, Army Corps of Engineers, Bureau of Reclama-tion, National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration, which has to do with our nuclear weapons, and the Appalachian Regional Commission. It invests in our waterways. It re-pairs our locks. It deepens our harbors. It puts us one step closer to doubling basic energy research. It helps to re-solve the nuclear waste stalemate that our country has been in for 25 years, finding appropriate places to put used nuclear fuel so we can continue to have a strong nuclear power program— which produces 60 percent of all the carbon-free electricity we have in this country—and it cleans up hazardous materials at Cold War sites. I mentioned earlier that I thought we had done a good job of being stewards of the taxpayers’ dollars. That is this blue line here. We have kept this under control. For example, Senator FEINSTEIN and I have again recommended—and the Senate has agreed—to eliminate fund-ing for a fusion project in France. That saves us $125 million. We worked together to help keep big projects such as the uranium facility at Oak Ridge on time and on budget. We are working with Senator G
RAHAM , Senator S
COTT, and Senator M CCAINto try to take the big MOX facility in South Carolina and see what we can do about the huge expense of what we are doing there. We are being good stew-ards. The President cut $1.4 billion from the Corps of Engineers. Well, we put it back. We set a new record level of fund-ing for the Corps. There is no funding line in this budget that more Senators are concerned with. It includes $1.3 billion for the Harbor Maintenance Fund. It is the third con-secutive year that we have done that, consistent with the recommendations of our authorizing committees. That deepens harbors in Gulfport, Charles-ton, Mobile, Texas harbors, Louisiana harbors, Anchorage Harbor, and Savan-nah Harbor. There is money for the west coast harbors as well. We take a step toward doubling basic energy research. Our top priority was the Office of Science, which for the sec-ond consecutive year has a record level of funding for an appropriations bill. There is $325 million for ARPA-E, an agency we value because of the good work it does. We support the administration’s re-quest to keep the United States at the forefront of supercomputing in the world. As I mentioned, we support nuclear power, especially efforts to find places to put used nuclear fuel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.022 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2730 May 12, 2016 
We have again included the pilot pro-gram Senator F
EINSTEIN authored, and which I support, and support for pri-vate waste facilities that could also serve that same function. We have money for advanced reactors and for safely extending the length of time nuclear plants can operate, which is the easiest way to keep the largest amount of reliable carbon-free elec-tricity available over the next several years. In terms of the National Nuclear Se-curity Administration, we support the warhead life extension programs and the Ohio-class replacement submarine. We have $575 million for the uranium facility, and $5.4 billion for cleaning up hazardous wastesites left over from the Cold War. I am proud of the bill, but I am even more proud of the process which we have gone through. This has almost been a learning process for the Senate. More than half of the Senators have never been through a process where we take more than one appropriations bill, take it through committee, consult with every Member of the Senate, bring it on the floor, and give all 100 Members a chance to offer amendments and consider their amendments. We have processed 21 amendments and have adopted 14. Almost any Sen-ator who had a contribution to make that they wanted to make to this bill has had a chance to do that. There is a great deal included in here that every Senator can be proud of. I suspect that is why on the last vote that we had to cut off debate and move toward final passage, the vote was 97 to 2. I hope we have that same enthusiasm when it comes time in a few moments to have a vote on final passage of the bill. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I wish to begin by extending my con-gratulations to our chairman. You are a distinguished chairman, and it really has been a great pleasure for me to work with you. I think we have accomplished a task which hope-fully sets an example for other bills that will be shortly forthcoming. But, more importantly than anything, it is really the integrity, sincerity, and ear-nestness with which you go about this job of chairing this subcommittee. I am very pleased to be Tonto to your Lone Ranger. So thank you very much for that. The chairman has been very distinct in his remarks about pointing out some of the major features, but we have one major infrastructure program in our bill, and that, of course, is the Army Corps of Engineers—other than, I should say, the highway bill. That is $1.4 billion over the budget request. I think that is a very good number that should enable more projects that are vital all across this great land to move forward. The second is the Bureau of Reclama-tion, and that is $163 million over the budget request. It includes $100 million for western drought. We have 17 States within the Bureau of Reclamation’s jurisdiction. What is happening with dryness in the western part of the United States is really a very serious threat to the economic and social well-being of our country. I am very pleased at that mark. All applied energy accounts are fund-ed at levels equal to current-year lev-els. We have increased funding for cleaning up nuclear sites, including the WIPP site in New Mexico and the Han-ford site in the State of Washington. We matched the budget request for nu-clear nonproliferation. Actually, this includes MOX funding of $270 million. The chairman spent some time on the floor, and I did as well, in terms of making the point that what appropria-tions bills really concern is but 15 per-cent for what is called domestic discre-tionary and 15 percent for military dis-cretionary. Together, they are but 30 percent of what the Federal Govern-ment expends and outlays each year. The fact of the matter is that 63 per-cent of the money that is spent in a given fiscal year—2016—goes for enti-tlements and mandates: Social Secu-rity, Medicare, Medicaid, veterans’ benefits, and all the other mandatory programs. They are not actually in the budget. This is the huge spending, and inter-est on the debt is 6.3 percent. That brings the mandatory spending up to nearly 70 percent of what we spend in fiscal year 2016. In fiscal year 2017, it will go up slightly from there so that the relative amount of spending that these bills contain is very small in comparison to the amount the Federal Government actually spends. There are a lot of people who think we should do more with entitlements and increase that 63 percent of total spending to even more. That is a ques-tion that remains to be seen, but how you pay for all of that is a totally dif-ferent and more difficult story. I extend my congratulations to the distinguished Senator from Tennessee on passing this bill. We have not passed a free-standing Energy and Water bill on this floor for 7 years, since 2009, when Senators Dorgan and Bob Ben-nett were chair and ranking member. Not only are we passing the bill, but we are passing a good bill. I thank the subcommittee staff for their work. Interestingly enough, the staff had only 12 days from receiving a notional allocation, which is how much we can spend, to help us produce a bill and report it for subcommittee consid-eration. So let me thank Tyler Owens, Meyer Seligman, Adam DeMella, Jennifer Armstrong, and on our minority side, Doug Clapp, Chris Hanson, Samantha Nelson, and Tim Dykstra for their hard work. I would also like to recognize the work done by Senator A
LEXANDER ’s personal office and my own in helping get this bill passed. Frankly, I want to thank the floor staff on both sides of the aisle. They were really helpful and, in addition to that, they were patient and willing to provide some guidance. So I thank them as well. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. AMENDMENT NO . 3876 
The question is on agreeing to Flake amendment No. 3876. The amendment (No. 3876) was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3801, AS AMENDED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the sub-stitute amendment No. 3801, as amend-ed. The amendment (No. 3801), as amend-ed, was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the cloture motion on H.R. 2028 is withdrawn. The amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 90, nays 8, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 71 Leg.] YEAS—90 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.025 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2731 May 12, 2016 
NAYS—8 
Cruz Fischer Flake Heller Lee Paul Sasse Sessions 
NOT VOTING—2 
Boxer Sanders 
The bill (H.R. 2028), as amended, was passed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in morning business for 20 min-utes, equally divided. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT APPROPRIATIONS BILL Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I would like to reiterate something I am sure Senator F
EINSTEIN would agree with. First, I thank the majority lead-er for scheduling our bill early. He scheduled it earlier than any appro-priations bill has been scheduled in the last 40 years. The reason I am sure she agrees with that is because she told me that and because not only did the ma-jority leader make this a priority but so did the Democratic leader, Senator R
EID, and all of the Democratic Sen-ators. We worked hard to try to set an ex-ample for the Senate for the next 11 ap-propriations bills. According to the Congressional Research Service, this is the earliest the Senate has passed an appropriations bill in the last 40 years. More than that, the vote was 90 to 8, which is an unusually large bipartisan vote for such a large and complex bill. I think that reflects on the fact that more than 80 Senators made contribu-tions to this bill. We processed more than 21 amendments. Our experience is, when Senators have a lot of input into a bill, they are more comfortable with it and more likely to support it. I especially thank not just the lead-ers but the Republican and the Demo-cratic floor staffs for helping us with this. Passing a bill like this is more of an exercise in human nature some-times than it is an exercise in policy, and they are the essential grease in making that happen. I thank them very much for it. This is the basic constitutional work of the U.S. Senate. Both the Repub-lican and Democratic leaders have got-ten us back on track in doing this. I appreciate having the chance to be a part of it. I thank the Senators for their cooperation with Senator F
EIN-
STEIN and me as we set out to get what I believe is an excellent result for the people of this country. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. WORK OF THE SENATE Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, the American people have been frustrated in recent years with the dysfunction they see in Washington. Their assess-ment of us has been correct. The big-gest symbol of dysfunction has been the inability, as the chairman of our Energy and Water Development Sub-committee just pointed out, to do the basic work of government. There are 12 bills that fund the gov-ernment, the basic work of govern-ment. We haven’t passed each of those 12 bills since 1994. So under majorities of both parties, we have had at least some degree of dysfunction, and in re-cent years they all get balled up into one great big bill. It looks awful, and that is no way to conduct the affairs of the government. I said that we were going to devote the floor time, which is always at a premium in the Senate, to give us a chance to do the work of what we were sent to do, regardless of party. Fortu-nately, we had Chairman A
LEXANDER , who is arguably the best—or maybe the second best only to the Senator from Maine—bill manager on our side, take up the first bill, and there were some snags along the way. It took a little bit longer than we had hoped, but we have completed it. We have completed it at a record early time. We are going to keep on doing this right up until we break on July 15 to go to the conven-tions. We are going to give the Senate every opportunity to do the basic work of government this year. Some have said that because it is an election year, we can’t do much. I would like to re-mind everyone that we have had a reg-ularly scheduled election in this coun-try every 2 years since 1788 right on time. I heard some people say we can’t do it because we have an election next year, and others have said we can’t do whatever it is because we have an elec-tion this year. We have elections in this country right on time, and that is not an excuse not to do our work. We will turn to transportation, which is chaired by the Senator from Maine, Ms. C
OLLINS , and military construc-tion, chaired by Senator K
IRK. We are going to bind those two together and move them across the floor, and then we are going to turn to the National Defense Authorization Act and pass that before the Memorial Day break, and then we are going to turn to the Defense appropriations bill right after authorization, and hopefully we can do that in a record short period of time because all of the amendments should have been offered on the authorization bill which will come right before it. I thank Senator A
LEXANDER for his good work and look forward to having Senator C
OLLINS pick up the baton and continuing the great progress we are making. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, before the Senator from Tennessee leaves the floor, I, too, wish to commend him for his excellent stewardship of this highly complex appropriations bill and for the cooperative way in which he worked with the ranking member, Senator FEINSTEIN , and indeed all of the Mem-bers, not only those on the Appropria-tions Committee but the entire Senate. Senator A
LEXANDER deserves a great deal of credit. I also commend our leader for mak-ing it a priority for us to get the appro-priations work done. Never before in recent years have we started the proc-ess so early. The Appropriations Com-mittee has completed its hearings, we have marked up several bills, and we are proceeding with floor consider-ation. This will avoid a situation that I believe all of us really abhor, and that is being faced with voting for re-peated continuing resolutions at the end of the fiscal year which lock in last year’s priorities and do not reflect this year’s priorities, or the bills are bun-dled together into an omnibus bill that is many thousands of pages long and does not receive the kind of in-depth debate and amendments it deserves. I commend the leader of the Senate for making this a priority and for ensuring that we are all doing our job. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senator from Arizona be permitted to speak in morning business for up to 5 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Arizona. 
f 
FEDERALLY FUNDED RESEARCH Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, in the fall of 2014, an outbreak had the world on edge in West Africa. The Ebola virus had come about, and three countries were being decimated. It was at this time that the director of the National Institutes of Health gave an interview where he argued that a vaccine would likely be available if the Congress had enough funding for the agency. He added that the Ebola virus had forced NIH to divert money from other crit-ical research. These are striking charges, especially for an agency that has a budget of $30 billion. So it stands to reason that if underfunding NIH was allowing a crisis such as this, we ought to be appro-priating more money to the agency. We cannot ignore the fact, obviously, that at that time the Nation was $18 trillion in debt and running nearly a half-trillion-dollar deficit. So I began to look into NIH funding and some of the research projects that were being 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.002 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2732 May 12, 2016 
funded. Here are some of the questions I found researchers were trying to find answers to. One of the questions they were trying to find answers to at the NIH, and this was part of a taxpayer-funded study or grant, is: Why do some people see Je-sus’s face on toast? That is right, a tax-payer-funded study to determine why people see the face of Jesus on toast. Another study that was funded by NIH is: Do drunk birds slur when they sing? That was part of a $5 million NIH grant that found not only is the answer yes, but according to NIH standards, there is a binge-drinking bird out there now. They also wanted to answer the ques-tion of: What type of music do mon-keys and chimpanzees prefer to listen to? I am not sure what is more sur-prising, the fact that the NIH wanted to study this or that the answer is Metallica. Another thing they wanted to study: Is yawning contagious? I would say anyone who has ever listened to a Sen-ator give a speech knows the answer is yes, but the NIH decided to spend tax-payer money to study it anyway. So I began seeing projects being fund-ed by other research arms within the Federal Government, including the Na-tional Science Foundation and DARPA in the Defense Department. Here are some of the questions those agencies are using their multibillion-dollar budgets to try to answer: Where does it hurt to be stung most by a bee? One re-searcher used part of a $1 million NSF grant to sting each part of his body. He came to the conclusion it is most pain-ful on the nostrils or on the lips or on other, shall we say, more sensitive areas, although he admitted his adviser would not allow him to be stung on the eyeball so we really don’t know which body part holds the title of being the most painful. Another thing that was studied by NSF and DARPA is: Who will be Amer-ica’s next top model? That is right. Taxpayer money was spent to try to find out who would be America’s next top model. Researchers used taxpayer money to scour Twitter and Instagram to develop scientific models that could forecast success for models in the fash-ion industry. It turns out that having a strong social media presence helps more than meeting the industry’s ‘‘aes-thetic standards.’’ This is a phe-nomenon the researchers dubbed the ‘‘Kendall Jenner effect.’’ Not surprising there. Another study was: Are chimpanzees better gamers than humans? At least one chimpanzee that was sometimes bribed with candy to keep working was better than humans at gaming. Unfor-tunately, that chimpanzee has since died from complications from diabetes. That study which found that humans are not above trying to cheat in order to beat a chimp at a video game was part of a $340,000 grant awarded by NSF and NIH. I am not going around here trying to say that NIH, NSF, DARPA, and other federally funded research is a waste of money. It is not. To the contrary, I be-lieve federally funded research can do wonderful and amazing things. In 1961, at the height of the Cold War, the United States faced the Soviet Union in a heated space race. President John F. Kennedy stood before Congress and aimed for the Moon. He said: 
I believe this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal, before this decade is out, of landing a man on the moon and re-turning him safely to the earth. No single space project in this period would be more impressive to mankind, or more important for the long-range exploration of space. 
Armed with a clearly defined goal and backed by concentrated research from the Federal Government, Amer-ica’s best scientists, researchers, and engineers got to work. Eight years later, Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin were walking on the Moon. That is a towering feat that no country has ever been able to repeat. More than a half century later, that moonshot stands in stark contrast to a massive and dis-orderly constellation of federally fund-ed science projects floating aimlessly in the Federal budget. Projects that ask, for example: Are Republicans or Democrats more dis-gusted by eating worms? This re-searcher whom you will see in this pic-ture found that the answer is that Re-publicans are more disgusted. That said, once folks hear that this study was funded with taxpayer money—— The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 2 additional minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. FLAKE. When folks hear that this study was funded by taxpayer dol-lars, I am sure there will be equal dis-gust by both Republicans and Demo-crats. Another study was funded to see if one can outrun a dinosaur. The NSF and NIH gave taxpayer dollars to en-terprising researchers who are not de-terred by the fact that dinosaurs are now extinct. They found an alligator was close enough. They had to put him on a treadmill to find out how fast he could run. They found out what no-body—certainly not even the Presiding Officer from Louisiana—would dis-cover; that alligators don’t like tread-mills very much. He wasn’t very coop-erative, but they went ahead with the study, and found that humans could probably outrun a dinosaur. It is a good thing. ‘‘Are cheerleaders more attractive when they are a part of a squad?’’ was another study we funded. This was a NSF taxpayer-funded grant that was actually inspired by the sitcom ‘‘How I met Your Mother.’’ They had some-thing on that show called the cheer-leader theory. Researchers found that the answer is, yes, cheerleaders are more attractive as part of a squad than individually. Their tongue-in-cheek re-search paper postulates that ‘‘having a few wingmen or wingwomen may in-deed be good dating strategy, particu-larly if their facial features com-plement, and average out, one’s unat-tractive idiosyncrasies.’’ That brings us full circle, as the White House has asked Congress to ap-propriate $1.5 billion for emergency spending to tackle the latest crisis, Zika. I believe we do need to find a so-lution and a vaccine for the Zika virus, but we ought to look hard at the other things that these agencies are spending money on as we talk about more money for these research projects. To that end, I have released ‘‘Twenty Questions: Government Studies that will Leave You Scratching Your Head.’’ This is a study—you can see the cover here—the report not only profiles many of the questionable projects I have highlighted today, it seeks to set a path to ensure that our money is spent wisely. The report recommends that these agencies set clearly defined national goals and objectives for federally fund-ed research. Following the example set by President Kennedy’s moonshot more than a half century ago, we ought to give the agencies a clear mission. The report also recommends that agencies prioritize billions of dollars in existing Federal research funding to best meet the national goals in a man-ner that strengthens America’s sci-entific leadership. We also need to en-sure that these research projects are transparent. So when funding goes to these research projects, we ought to know how much is spent on each indi-vidual project, not just the broader grant. We don’t know exactly how much money was spent on the cheer-leader effect because we can’t—they will not tell us. I have introduced legislation in con-cert with this report which will require that the Federal agencies actually tell us how much money is spent on these individual projects. It is time Washington sets clear goals for federally funded research and we improve transparency measures. I hope we can do so. With that, Mr. President, I yield back. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Morning business is closed. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the consideration of H.R. 2577, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.049 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2733 May 12, 2016 
Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Collins/Reed amendment No. 2812, in the nature of a substitute. Collins/Reed amendment No. 2813 (to amendment No. 2812), to make a technical amendment. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 2812 AND 2813 WITHDRAWN  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the pending amend-ments are withdrawn. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3896 (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I call up the Collins-Kirk substitute amend-ment No. 3896. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Maine [Ms. C OLLINS ] pro- poses an amendment numbered 3896. 
Ms. COLLINS. I ask unanimous con-sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3897 TO AMENDMENT NO . 3896 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I call up the Lee amendment No. 3897. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for Mr. L EE, proposes an amendment numbered 3897 to amendment No. 3896. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To prohibit the use of funds to carry out a rule and notice of the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development) At the appropriate place in Division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the final rule of the Department of Housing and Urban Development entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 42272 (July 16, 2015)) or to carry out the notice of the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing Assessment Tool’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 57949 (September 26, 2014)). 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 3898, 3899, AND 3900 TO  
AMENDMENT NO . 3896 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the fol-lowing amendments be called up and reported by number: the Nelson amend-ment No. 3898, on Zika; the Cornyn amendment No. 3899, on Zika; and the Blunt-Murray amendment No. 3900, on Zika. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for others, proposes amendments numbered 3898, 3899, and 3900 en bloc to Amendment No. 3896. 
(The amendments are printed in to-day’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amend-ments.’’) 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the Nelson amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 3898 to amendment No. 3896 to Calendar No. 138, H.R. 2577, an act making appropriations for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. Marco Rubio, Debbie Stabenow, Harry Reid, Sheldon Whitehouse, Richard J. Durbin, Al Franken, Jeanne Shaheen, Robert Menendez, Brian E. Schatz, Joe Manchin III, Bill Nelson, Charles E. Schumer, Michael F. Bennet, Edward J. Markey, Benjamin L. Cardin, Tom Udall, Gary C. Peters. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the Cornyn amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 3899 to amendment No. 3896 to Calendar No. 138, H.R. 2577, an act making appropriations for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. Mitch McConnell, Roy Blunt, Roger F. Wicker, Marco Rubio, Lamar Alex-ander, Richard C. Shelby, Thad Coch-ran, John McCain, Michael B. Enzi, Jeff Flake, John Cornyn, Shelley Moore Capito, Johnny Isakson, Richard Burr, Bob Corker, Susan M. Collins, John Hoeven. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the Blunt-Murray amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 3900 to amendment No. 3896 to Calendar No. 138, H.R. 2577, an act making appropriations for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. Mitch McConnell, Roy Blunt, Roger F. Wicker, Marco Rubio, Lamar Alex-ander, Richard C. Shelby, Thad Coch-ran, John McCain, Michael B. Enzi, Jeff Flake, John Cornyn, Shelley Moore Capito, Johnny Isakson, Richard Burr, Bob Corker, Susan M. Collins, John Hoeven. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am pleased to begin the Senate debate on the fiscal year 2017 appropriations bill for Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies. This bill funds many programs that are essential to the American people. Let me begin by thanking the com-mittee chairman, Senator C
OCHRAN , and the vice chairwoman, Senator M
I-
KULSKI , for their leadership in advanc-ing this bill. I also want to pay a special thank- you and acknowledge the hard work and commitment of Senator J
ACK R
EED, the ranking member of the sub-committee. The two of us have worked together so closely in drafting this bill, and we have worked to incorporate the recommendations of more than 70 Sen-ators from both sides of the aisle. This bill targets limited resources to programs that meet our most essential transportation and housing needs. It makes vital investments in our Na-tion’s transportation infrastructure, providing $16.9 billion for the Depart-ment of Transportation to support much needed upgrades to our roads, bridges, seaports, railroads, transit systems, and airports. The bill will also provide $39.2 billion for the Department of Housing and Urban Development to meet the hous-ing needs of low-income, disabled, and older Americans, to shelter the home-less, and to create jobs in our commu-nities through economic development programs. I want to underscore for our col-leagues that we have met these essen-tial needs in a fiscally responsible manner. Our bill is $827 million below 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.051 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2734 May 12, 2016 
the current enacted funding levels, and $2.9 billion below the President’s budg-et request. We have also ignored gim-micks in the President’s budget re-quest that would shift more than $7 bil-lion in transportation programs from discretionary to mandatory spending. The bill before us is critical to meet-ing the vast needs of our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure. The TIGER Program is an example of a valuable program that helps do just that. We provide $525 million for this oversub-scribed program, which supports not only much needed infrastructure projects but also helps to create jobs and boost economic development in every one of our home States. The need for the TIGER Program is demonstrated by the statistics. Last year, 625 applicants from all 50 States and territories requested nearly $10 bil-lion in assistance illustrating the need for and the popularity of this vital pro-gram. To maintain our Nation’s air-space and ensure that it remains the safest in the world, $16.4 billion is pro-vided to the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration. Funding is increased to continue to modernize the Nation’s air traffic con-trol system, support the research and safe integration of unmanned aircraft systems into the airspace, and to help improve our Nation’s airport infra-structure. Consistent with the FAST Act, which we passed at the end of last year, $44 billion is made available for the Fed-eral-Aid Highway Programs, including the new freight program and the FASTLANE grant for critical freight and highway projects. I also want to highlight several safety-related provi-sions included in our bill that will en-hance the safety of commercial motor carrier vehicles. Regrettably, the Department of Transportation has continued to delay its proposed rule on speed governors which will improve safety on our Na-tion’s roadways by preventing commer-cial trucks and busdrivers from speed-ing. Once again, our bill requires the Department to issue the proposed rule expeditiously since the Department has already missed the deadline established in last year’s omnibus funding bill by Congress. The growth of autonomous vehicle technologies, or driverless cars, has led the Department to reexamine existing regulations and policies that could af-fect the safe deployment of these vehi-cles. Our bill provides additional fund-ing to ensure the safe deployment of autonomous vehicles onto our Nation’s roadways and to reduce the cyber secu-rity vulnerabilities in their elec-tronics. The bill also builds on the critical in-frastructure investments for rail, pro-viding $50 million for railway safety grants to address the serious and trou-bling problem of rail accidents. Addi-tional funding is provided to help ad-dress the substantial backlog of rail in-frastructure needing repair. For housing programs, this bill pro-vides sufficient funding to renew all ex-isting rental assistance for section 8, for public housing, elderly, and dis-abled housing programs. The Appro-priations Committee continues to face constraints that required us to make difficult decisions regarding funding at a time when resources are limited under the 2015 budget agreement. Our priority is to ensure that our Na-tion’s most vulnerable individuals and families do not lose assistance that prevents many of them from being at risk of homelessness. Therefore, the bill provides necessary funding to keep pace with the rising cost of housing to these families who might otherwise be-come homeless. It is important that rental assistance supports those who truly need it. How-ever, we are aware of a recent HUD in-spector general report that found that more than 25,000 households had in-comes in excess of qualifying limits. We don’t have extra money available to pour into households where the individ-uals don’t meet the eligibility require-ments. In response to this finding by the IG, we have included language prompting HUD to update its regula-tions that ensure there is a process in place to identify and transition such households out of public housing when it is appropriate. The transportation-housing appro-priations bill faces challenges stem-ming from these unavoidable increases for rental assistance for low-income families and disabled and elderly indi-viduals. In fact, rental assistance alone consumes more than half of our sub-committee’s allocation and is a shock-ing 84 percent of HUD’s budget. That makes funding other important needs difficult. Nevertheless, Senator R
EED and I share a passion about reducing and ending homelessness. Therefore, we have included $2.33 billion for homeless assistance grants, and we have also managed to make critical investments to reduce homelessness among our vet-erans and our youth. To further help homeless young peo-ple, we provided $40 million in grants that are targeting this underserved population. Additionally, to better sup-port youth who are exiting the Foster Care Program, the system includes $20 million for family unification vouchers and makes changes to this program to improve its effectiveness. I know many Members share our concern that young people who age out of the Foster Care Program should have—must have— somewhere safe to go. For our Nation’s homeless veterans, the bill provides $57 million, including $7 million to serve our Native Amer-ican veterans living on tribal lands. Despite the administration once again this year proposing to eliminate this program, the subcommittee continues to provide funding, recognizing that while we are making progress—vet-erans homelessness has decreased by 36 percent since the year 2010—we have yet to reach the goal of ending home-lessness among our veterans. As the percentage of homeless veterans con-tinues to decrease, less funding will be needed. Senator REED played an absolutely essential role in another important issue that we address in this bill; that is, the presence of lead paint in homes, which is of particular concern to fami-lies with children under the age of 6. Our bill requires HUD to expeditiously complete its rulemaking to update its lead standards based on the most cur-rent CDC guidelines, an action Senator R
EEDand I requested in a February let-ter to the HUD Secretary. While this bill helps families in need, it also recognizes the hardships local communities are facing. Boosting local economies is critical to job creation and helping families obtain financial security. Thus, our bill supports local development efforts by providing $3 bil-lion through the Community Develop-ment Block Grant Program and $950 million through the HOME Program. These programs support the develop-ment of affordable housing and other infrastructure projects, which again promote economic development and lead to job creation in ways that allow local communities to tailor the pro-grams to meet their specific needs. The bill before us does not solve every problem facing our transpor-tation system or our housing program. We simply don’t have the money to do that, even if we had a higher allocation in this era of very high debt. This is a fiscally responsible bill, and it is a bill that sets and reflects important prior-ities. I very much appreciate the oppor-tunity to present this legislation to the Chamber as we begin the debate on the Transportation-HUD appropriations bill. I urge my colleagues to consider the careful balance struck by the com-promises and the negotiations our com-mittee worked so hard to achieve. Again, I thank the ranking member for being such an extraordinary partner as we sought to write this very important bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I rise to join Senator C
OLLINS in support of the fiscal year 2017 Transportation, Hous-ing and Urban Development Appropria-tions bill. I want to join her in com-mending Chairman C
OCHRAN and Vice Chairwoman M
IKULSKI for their great work, but I particularly want to com-mend Chairman C
OLLINS for her ex-traordinary work, her thoughtfulness, and her diligence. All those aspects are evidenced in this bill. She has, once again, developed a bal-anced and thoughtful bill that includes priorities for Members on both sides of the aisle. This bill allows for our Na-tion to continue moving forward by in-vesting in critical transportation and housing initiatives, and, suffice it to say, without her leadership, we would not be here today with a bill that not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.059 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2735 May 12, 2016 
only merits our attention, but also merits our support. This bill includes policies and fund-ing that will grow our economy, im-prove the safety of our national trans-portation system, create jobs, and pre-serve affordable housing for our most vulnerable citizens. Working within a tight allocation, this bill makes important contribu-tions to the development and safety of our national transportation system. For example, the bill provides $16.4 bil-lion to fully fund the needs of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration, includ-ing $1 billion for NextGen moderniza-tion activities, which will bring our aviation system to a new level of per-formance and safety. This funding level also fully accom-modates the needs of contract towers and Essential Air Service, and provides for new safety staff and pay for air traffic controllers. The very popular TIGER Program, which the Chairman mentioned, is funded at $525 million. That is a $25 million increase from last year. TIGER grants allow State and local govern-ments to make transformative invest-ments in their transportation infra-structure that traditional formula grant programs are not able to address. The fiscal year 2016 grant competi-tion just ended 2 weeks ago for TIGER grants, and the Department of Trans-portation reports that they have re-ceived over 600 grant applications, to-taling nearly $100 billion in requests. This money is extraordinarily impor-tant to localities, and we have just barely increased it. Without the Chair-man’s leadership, however, I don’t think that we would have made that increase. Again, I thank her. There is high demand for this pro-gram that is evidenced by these appli-cations. That goes to underscore a point that the Chairman has made about the need for even more signifi-cant investment in infrastructure. This legislation also provides a boost to essential transit programs through-out the country, in order to sustain and expand their services. This bill provides $2.3 billion for the Federal Transit Administration’s Cap-ital Investment Grant program to help meet growing demand across the coun-try. This bill also continues investment in the Washington Metrorail system, while holding the system accountable for improved financial management and ensuring that the FTA has the needed resources for strong safety oversight. Indeed, the bill before us maintains a key focus on safety across all modes of transportation. For example, the bill fulfills the promises of the FAST Act through a $199 million investment in Positive Train Control grants in order to protect passengers and workers on commuter and interstate rail lines with the next generation of railroad safety technology. The bill funds new research at the National Highway Traffic Safety Ad-ministration on the safety and cyberse-curity of autonomous vehicles. As au-tonomous vehicles are integrated into the general driving population, there is the potential to save thousands of lives with this innovative technology. How-ever, an appropriate safety framework must be in place to realize the benefits of this promising transportation revo-lution. In addition, the bill continues ongo-ing crude-by-rail safety initiatives at both the Federal Railroad Administra-tion and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. These initiatives will work to ensure the safe transportation of crude oil and crude products across the country. The bill also provides $85 million for rail grant programs that were recently- authorized by the FAST Act. These grants can be used for rail safety and state-of-good-repair projects, such as Positive Train Control implementation and grade-crossing improvements. For Amtrak, the bill provides $1.4 bil-lion. In response to the FAST Act, the THUD appropriations bill now allows the revenue generated on the North-east Corridor to remain there. Again, this is consistent with the FAST Act. This investment will fully fund the Northeast Corridor and the National Network, while putting Amtrak in a better position to address the $28 bil-lion state-of-good-repair backlog. I am also proud of what we were able to accomplish together for our Nation’s housing programs. The bill preserves HUD’s rental assistance programs, ex-pands housing for youth and families experiencing homelessness, and in-creases lead-based paint remediation programs. These programs are vital to our Nation’s safety net and also to the prosperity of local economies. I wish to speak briefly about how this bill increases protections for chil-dren against lead-based paint hazards. The bill—and the Chairman has dis-cussed this—directs HUD to align its blood lead level regulations with the level recommended by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. This is a significant change that will help young children. If you just look at my home State of Rhode Island, 935 children will enter kindergarten this year exceeding the CDC standard for lead poisoning, but under the HUD standard, only 32 of those children would exceed the blood lead level standard. Now, when this regulation is implemented, there will be 900 children who not only are prop-erly identified, but also, we hope, will have access to remediation in their homes, so that they will not be further affected by lead exposure. To help mitigate the threat of lead in the home, the bill provides $25 million in new resources for public housing agencies to address lead-based paint hazards in public housing units in re-sponse to this new health standard. We are really trying to synchronize best practices with practical systems that will make a huge difference in the lives of children. There is also $135 million for lead- hazard reduction grants, $25 million more than in 2016. This increased spending will support lead-based paint reductions in over 1,750 additional units. The bill increases support for the training of maintenance staff at public housing agencies to ensure that lead- based paint hazards are identified and properly managed. Finally, it encourages HUD to in-crease tenant awareness of lead-based paint hazards in the home to help en-sure that families are able to address hazards before damage is done. These are immediate, cost-effective changes that will improve the lives of children living in low-income housing. Preventing lead poisoning is an issue that I have long worked on. I am so pleased to see the steps and strides that we are taking in this bill. The bill also provides funding for other critical HUD programs, including $40 million for new interventions tar-geting homeless youth, 6,000 new vouchers for homeless veterans through the HUD-VASH Program, housing and supportive care for 2,500 young people aging out of the foster care system, and services to help fami-lies and young people get jobs and in-crease their earnings. Again, I thank Senator C
OLLINS for her tremendous work, her leadership, and her unstinting commitment to making sure that these resources are directed appropriately and properly. We always wish that we could do more, but this bill provides a workable balance of resources for transportation and housing programs. The bill re-sponds to the priorities of the Members of this Chamber. It makes wise invest-ments that will benefit our Nation, not only in the present, but also in the fu-ture. In that regard, I must once again re-turn to the issue of lead exposure to children in their homes. This is some-thing that has a lifetime effect on chil-dren. I do not have the expertise of the Presiding Officer when it comes to these issues, but childhood exposure can have incredible lifetime cognitive impacts on a child and can have huge costs to society. The steps that we are taking are going to help those lifetime costs be reduced. I again thank the Chairman, Senator C
OLLINS . I appreciate her leadership, her willingness, and her extraordinary effort. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, we are bringing up the MILCON–VA appro-priations bill today, and I urge its adoption. This year the MILCON–VA bill was the first appropriations bill. We marked up 5 weeks earlier than last year, and the bill is on the floor 6 months earlier than before. We are in a very advantageous position of telling the House to do their work, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.060 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2736 May 12, 2016 
never happens with regard to the Sen-ate. We are very proud of that. We are so proud that we have crafted this bill in an open and collegial way with the full support of my ranking Democratic member, Senator J
ON T
ESTER of Montana. This bipartisan bill was adopted unanimously by a vote of 30 to 0 in the full Appropriations Committee. In MILCON, the bill provides $7.9 bil-lion for over 200 critical defense con-struction projects. It adds $515 million to MILCON to ensure that our military is ready to fight and win. There are no OCO gimmicks in the bill. My top pri-ority in this legislation is missile de-fense in Europe. Last year, the bill funded the Aegis Ashore BMD site in Poland. We have built on that in this year’s bill. This bill funds the Long Range Discrimina-tion Radar, or LRDR, in Clear, AK, at $155 million. For Veterans Affairs and related agencies, our bill provides $75.1 billion to protect our veterans. This is record- high funding in this legislation, this bi-partisan bill. The budget is up $3.4 bil-lion, or 4.8 percent, over this year, re-flecting the higher medical costs in the economy. The VA must now be reformed. We must work much better for veterans now. This bill includes strong oversight provisions for the VA to protect the protectors of our veterans. By that, I mean the whistleblowers. In this legis-lation is my VA Patient Protection Act of 2016, which protects whistle-blowers and makes sure that doctors, nurses, and other medical care profes-sionals are able to have the full whis-tleblower protections they deserve. This bill provides strong whistleblower protections and punishment for those who retaliate against whistleblowers. A number of opioid safety provisions are included, such as no copayments for opioid antagonists, like Narcan, which can save a life rapidly. The bill includes a provision that will screen medical providers to make sure the VA refrains from transferring bad doctors from one hospital in one State to another. The bill adds 100 staff to the VA Office of Inspector General, which is very important. We continue to insist that the VA de-velop a fully interoperable electronic medical health record with DOD, using open source code. My vision here is to make sure we use open source code for VA medical records and DOD, to make sure that core of 25 million patients is protected, with no net burden on the soldiers when they are leaving active duty. The entire record goes over, so we have complete continuity of care. By having open source coding, we re-peat the success of the Motorola An-droid system, which happened in my State, where 70,000 apps were written just with that code. I want to make sure the electronic medical record in-dustry is always located in the United States, based on this standard. The bill adds $8.7 million to fix the Veterans Crisis Line that we fund. Now the veterans suicide hotline will never go unanswered. It also adds $20 million for gender-specific health care for fe-male veterans. The bill adds $30 million to combat veteran homelessness; we have received a request on this issue from over 25 Senators. The bill adds $12 million for important medical receipts for vets—like genomic research. In committee, we adopted an amendment that I supported by a vote of 23 to 7 to allow the VA to treat veterans and their spouses with in vitro fertilization for service-connected problems. This is a strong bill. It is a very strong bill, and it does right by our troops and especially our veterans. My Senate colleagues should pass this measure quite quickly, just as they did in the full committee. With that, I yield back the remainder of my time. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, over two decades ago, Congress passed a law on an overwhelming bipartisan basis to provide a standard way of doing busi-ness for motor carriers nationwide. This preemption provision resulted in increased efficiencies that led to lower transportation costs and improved services, which have benefitted ship-pers and consumers throughout the country. For two decades, this intent of Con-gress was adhered to for those involved in interstate commerce, and even upheld by the Supreme Court. Unfortu-nately, a recent Ninth Circuit Court decision has brought confusion to what had been the clear intent of Congress, and in my home State of Kansas, nu-merous trucking companies and drivers have become victims of these unin-tended consequences. As the Senate begins consideration of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, THUD, Appropriations bill, the issue of trucking preemption laws may be debated once again. Due to escalating rhetoric and increasingly pointed statements regarding this issue, I sought the objective, authori-tative policy expertise of the Congres-sional Research Service, CRS, to an-swer one-by-one many of the claims being made. As the debate on THUD appropria-tions moves forward, I would encourage any of my colleagues interested in the trucking preemption debate to consult this CRS analysis and judge for them-selves the merits of this important issue. I think they will find many of the claims made in opposition are ex-aggerations, if not outright falsehoods, and that the original intent of Con-gress on this matter was and continues to be critical for preventing unneces-sary burdens on an industry that hauls our Nation’s freight and is vital to our economic well-being. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the CRS memo provided to me with its thoughtful and informative answers. Thank you. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: CONGRESSIONAL RESEARCH SERVICE , April 6, 2016. MEMORANDUM To: Hon. Jerry Moran. From: Rodney Perry. Subject: Implications of Section 611 of the Proposed Aviation Innovation, Reform, and Reauthorization Act of 2016. This memorandum provides responses to your questions concerning California law and the implications of Section 611 of the pro-posed Aviation Innovation, Reform, and Re-authorization Act of 2016 (Section 611). Section 611 contains two primary provi-sions. The first provision would expressly preempt state laws that prohibit employees whose hours of service are subject to regula-tion by the Department of Transportation (DOT) under 49 U.S.C. §31502 from working ‘‘to the full extent permitted or at such times as permitted under [49 U.S.C. §31502].’’ It would also preempt any state laws that ‘‘impos[e] any additional obligations on motor carriers if such employees work to the full extent or at such times as permitted’’ by DOT regulations issued pursuant to 49 U.S.C. §31502, which permits DOT to prescribe re-quirements for the qualifications and max-imum hours of service of motor carrier em-ployees. The second provision of Section 611 would expressly preempt any state laws that re-quire payment of ‘‘separate or additional compensation’’ by a motor carrier that com-pensates employees on a piece-rate basis, so long as the total sums paid to an employee, when divided by the employee’s total number of hours worked during the corresponding work period, equals or exceeds the applicable minimum wage for that state. You specifically asked for responses to the following questions: 1. Although the meal period must be paid if the employee is on-duty or required to re-main on the premises, doesn’t California law permit an on-duty meal period only if there is a written agreement between the parties that can be revoked at any time? Absent such agreement, isn’t the default obligation to provide an off-duty meal period? Does the employer have to pay for an off-duty meal period? Under California law, unless an employee is relieved of all duty during a meal period, the meal period is considered an ‘‘on duty’’ meal period that counts toward hours worked, and is thus compensable. On duty meal periods are only permitted when: (1) the nature of the work prevents an employee from being relieved of all duty; and (2) there is a written agreement between the employer and employee for on duty meal periods. Such a written agreement must state that the em-ployee can, in writing, revoke the agreement at any time. Absent such an agreement, any meal periods provided as required by law are off duty. Off duty meal periods do not count toward time worked (i.e., they are unpaid). 2. Does anything in Sec. 611 mandate that motor carriers utilize piece-rate pay sys-tems? Under Section 611, if a motor carrier com-pensates an employee on a piece-rate basis, it is not required to provide any additional compensation so long as the sum of the piece-rate compensation, when divided by the total number of hours worked during the corresponding pay period, equals or exceeds the applicable minimum wage. This does not appear to require motor carriers to pay their employees on piece-rate bases. Rather, it seemingly prevents an employer that choos-es to pay its employees on a piece-rate basis from having to provide additional compensa-tion in specified circumstances. 3. Is an employer, paying an employee on a piece-rate basis, in compliance with federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.062 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2737 May 12, 2016 
minimum wage laws if the sum paid to the employee, when divided by the total number of hours worked, meets or exceeds the appli-cable minimum hourly wage rate? This appears to be correct. Courts have generally held that an employer meets fed-eral minimum wage requirements if the total weekly wage paid is equal to or greater than the number of hours worked in the week multiplied by the statutory minimum rate. 4. Would a motor carrier employee loading a truck have to be compensated for that time as hours worked under federal law? Does anything in Sec. 611 alter the conclu-sion? Pursuant to the federal minimum wage re-quirements, covered employers must pay em-ployees the applicable minimum wage for all compensable hours worked. The Supreme Court has held that activities that are an ‘‘integral and indispensable part of the prin-cipal activities for which covered workmen are employed’’ are compensable. At least one federal appellate court has found that load-ing a truck is an integral and indispensable part of the principal activity for which a truck driver is employed (driving a truck), and thus is compensable. Section 611, by its terms, specifies circumstances wherein state laws, regulations, or ‘‘other provision[s] hav-ing the force and effect of law’’ are pre-empted by federal law. As such, it does not appear that section 611 would alter the deter-mination of whether time spent loading a truck is compensable under federal law. 5. Under California law, would a motor car-rier have to pay a driver for the mandated 10-minute rest break? If a driver were to take a rest break or any other type of break of 10 minutes, would a motor carrier have to pay the driver for that time under federal law? If Sec. 611 were enacted, would the re-quirement under federal law still apply? Under California law, motor carriers are required to provide employees with paid 10- minute rest breaks for every four hours worked. Under federal law, employer-pro-vided breaks that are between 5 and 20 min-utes in duration are generally compensable. Section 611, by its terms, specifies cir-cumstances wherein state laws, regulations, or ‘‘other provision[s] having the force and effect of law’’ are preempted by federal law. As such, it does not appear as though section 611 would alter the determination of whether a 10-minute break is compensable under fed-eral law. 6. Does California Labor Code §226.2 apply to independent contractors or only to em-ployees? By its terms, California Labor Code §226.2 (Section 226.2) applies to ‘‘employees.’’ Given the time constraints required to respond to your request, and the methodology used to search for relevant cases, CRS could find no case law interpreting Section 226.2 that dis-cusses its potential applicability to inde-pendent contractors. 7. Would Section 611 preempt state meal and rest break laws, like California’s, as ap-plied to motor carriers? Section 611 would preempt any state laws that prohibit employees whose hours of serv-ice are regulated by the Department of Transportation (DOT) under 49 U.S.C. 31502 ‘‘from working to the full extent permitted or at such times as permitted under [49 U.S.C. §31502].’’ Section 611 would also pre-empt any state laws that ‘‘impos[e] any addi-tional obligations on motor carriers if such employees work to the full extent or at such times as permitted’’ by DOT regulations issued pursuant to 49 U.S.C. §31502, which permits DOT to prescribe requirements for the qualifications and maximum hours of service of motor carrier employees. Thus, any state meal or break laws that impose more stringent requirements on motor car-riers than DOT’s meal or break regulations for motor carriers, found at 49 C.F.R. Part 395, would seem to be preempted by Section 611. This interpretation of the legislative language would appear to be consistent with the legislative intent behind Section 611. 
Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I am here to talk about two separate topics today. The first is the Zika virus. I am encouraged that in the last 24 hours, we finally seem to have found some ac-tion here in Congress in dealing with the Zika virus. We not only have one, we have three separate proposals that will be introduced to deal with Zika. We will continue to work on and debate these proposals next week. About 5 weeks ago, I met with Fed-eral, State, and local health officials in Miami and came out in support of the President’s emergency funding request to deal with Zika. Since then, I have come before the Senate on numerous occasions to call for action. I have stated my belief that there shouldn’t be anything divisive with this. Zika is a public health emergency that sooner or later will impact the vast majority of the United States because this is a virus transmitted by mosquitoes that are only going to become more preva-lent as the weather heats up and be-cause our people routinely travel to and from the island of Puerto Rico, the most impacted community in the en-tire United States. When I spoke here yesterday, the count of people infected in Florida stood at 109. Since then, just 24 hours later, it has become 112. One-hundred and twelve Zika cases is the most of any State in the Union. Of the three new cases in Florida, two were in Volusia County and one was in Orange County. I have said repeatedly that Congress should not allow politics to delay ac-tion on Zika. One issue we have been encountering is the desire to offset the spending. I made it clear that if we can offset the spending and find the money somewhere else in the budget to pay for what it is going to cost to deal with Zika, we should do it, but that in times of public health emergencies, just like natural disasters, we shouldn’t delay acting while we figure out and try to agree on what we are going to cut from other parts of the budget. Another issue we have encountered is whether we do this through the normal process that is going on or fund it as an emergency spending bill. Again, I am open to either one of those approaches. But back in the real world, people in-fected by this and their families, who have already been impacted by this, don’t have the time for us to figure all of this out; they just believe, as I do, that we need to get going here and get something done. I have said that we should deal with this issue fully and that the $1.9 billion requested so far may not even be enough when it is all said and done. But I believe there is no one here who wants to get caught in a situation where it is August and people are back in their States, maybe even cam-paigning for reelection, and have to scramble back here in the middle of the summer to come up with solutions when it gets hotter and there are more mosquitos and when the conditions are ripe for more people to be impacted by Zika. I commend Senator N
ELSON , my col-league from Florida. I especially com-mend Senators M
URRAY from Wash-ington and B
LUNT from Missouri and others who are taking this seriously and trying to come up with a solution and a way forward. This is indeed a devastating disease. It has taken lives throughout our hemisphere, and the way it impacts un-born children alone should call us to action. Let’s deal with this now, and let’s protect our people. There is no reason that every proposal to address Zika cannot be bipartisan and earn broad support. I am hopeful that we can reach a final outcome that fully addresses the problem. I am hopeful we will see some meaningful action on the Zika public health emergency very soon, including the American citizens in Puerto Rico who have been most impacted so far, and that is one of the reasons I plan to introduce—along with my colleague from Florida, Senator N
ELSON —an amendment to provide the full $1.9 bil-lion request to fight the Zika virus. The strain on Puerto Rico’s health sys-tem from Zika must be addressed, and this is the only proposal so far that tries to fully deal with the unique chal-lenges Puerto Rico faces with the Zika virus. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.028 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2738 May 12, 2016 
I think it is important to remind peo-ple who are asking themselves ‘‘Why should we care about Puerto Rico?’’—I will remind them that 4 million U.S. citizens live there, that the first Amer-ican to lose their life to Zika lived in Puerto Rico, and that Puerto Ricans routinely travel to the continental United States—to Florida and New York especially. These 4 million Puer-to Rican citizens have no voice here in the Senate, so I will make sure they are not forgotten as we work on solu-tions to this virus that has dispropor-tionately impacted these Americans. When we return next week to con-tinue debating appropriations bills, I hope we can come together on this issue. I hope we can find a way forward that deals with these issues fully and that helps to stop this disease in its tracks and that saves lives. I urge my colleagues here in the Sen-ate, and the House as well, to look at the proposal Senator N
ELSON and I will introduce and offer their input and ul-timately sign on and get this passed. As we know, it is not going to be enough to see progress here in the Sen-ate; we need the House to act as well, and I hope we can start doing that next week. We need to act. Zika is taking lives, it is hurting unborn children, and this problem is only going to get worse as we move forward. 
f 
EUREKA GARDENS Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, tomorrow I will be visiting the Eureka Garden Apartments in Jacksonville, FL, which is a Section 8 apartment complex that is supposed to provide affordable and safe living conditions for low-income members of the Jacksonville commu-nity, but it doesn’t. Instead, its tenants have been subjected to dangerous, often downright disgusting living con-ditions for years. They raised their concerns repeatedly with the managers of the facility and local officials, only to be met for the most part with bu-reaucratic indifference. My staff and I have been working on this since it first came to light last fall, but there has been a frustrating, disturbing lack of progress from the Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment and, more importantly, from the owner of the complex. Frankly, I have had enough. I am heading down there tomorrow to see what we have to do and whom we need to put pressure on to get things mov-ing. I will be touring the facility and meeting with Tracy Grant, who is the president of the tenants association. I will be joined by Councilman Garrett Dennis, Jacksonville Mayor Len Curry, and Pastor Mark Griffin of Wayman Ministries, who will be meeting with residents. I intend to commend the residents tomorrow for how united and resilient they have been throughout this ordeal, even while the Federal Government failed them. For years the Department of Housing and Urban Development has certified this facility and as a result has put hundreds of families at risk. When HUD inspected the property last sum-mer, they passed the complex with a score of 85 out of 100. Less than a month later, residents were com-plaining about how bad their living conditions were. When my staff visited the complex, it was nearly unlivable. They saw crum-bling stairs, black mold, and exposed electrical wiring that had been covered up by a trash bag. They smelled the natural gas that would soon hospitalize residents days later. This was and is unacceptable. For months, my office, along with Mayor Curry, the city council, and the tenants association, pushed to have im-provements and repairs done to this complex. In February, HUD finally had a date by which all repairs must be completed. When the time came to re-inspect Eureka Gardens, it passed in-spection, and they eventually renewed their contract with the property’s owner, but the residents continued to say what they had said all along: HUD’s inspections aren’t working. Just recently, HUD revealed that Eu-reka Gardens passed with a score of 62. The passing score is a 60. However, a senior HUD official admitted that HUD officials do not believe the property would currently pass another inspec-tion. HUD essentially admitted that it had certified a failing facility. Some-thing is clearly wrong with the inspec-tion process, and Floridians are being hurt because of it. I will be down there tomorrow to find out how we can put an end to this prob-lem once and for all. The residents of Eureka Gardens cannot be forced to suffer under mismanagement and apa-thy any longer. Children cannot con-tinue to be put at risk due to gas leaks and other hazardous conditions. HUD cannot be allowed to continue to rubberstamp approval of failing hous-ing complexes, only to further slum- like conditions for the most vulnerable tenants. I will continue to look for solutions to help make sure the conditions in Eu-reka Gardens are fixed and aren’t re-peated anywhere else. If we determine that congressional action is necessary, then I am prepared to take it. The resi-dents of Eureka Gardens deserve safe living conditions, and we will make sure that is exactly what they get. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
OPIOID CRISIS Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I wish to open my remarks with a congratula-tions to the Police Assisted Addiction and Recovery Initiative based in Gloucester, MA. Since it began less than 11 months ago, this program is now partnering with more than 100 police departments in 24 States around the country to help people with opioid addiction to get the treatment they need. The program’s approach is simple, but it is also revo-lutionary: having law enforcement work with those suffering from the dis-ease of addiction by removing the stig-ma surrounding it and placing them into treatment instead of behind bars. I thank the founders of this pro-gram—Gloucester police chief Leonard Campanello and John Rosenthal—for their leadership and compassion, and I urge everyone to learn more about this national model for combating the opioid crisis. It is that crisis that I am here to talk about this afternoon. Today, I wish to call attention to a serious issue facing Massachusetts and soon to face every single community in the United States of America. Illicit fentanyl is a syn-thetic opioid that is 50 times stronger than heroin. Let me say that again. Fentanyl is 50 times stronger than her-oin and 100 times more powerful than morphine. It is responsible for the larg-est increase in drug overdose deaths in recent years. More than 700 deaths in the United States were attributable to fentanyl and its components between 2013 and 2014. In Massachusetts alone, 336 people died from fentanyl-related overdoses between 2014 and 2015. More recently, among the 1,319 opioid-related deaths in the Commonwealth of Massachu-setts in 2015 for which a blood test was available, more than half—754—tested positive for fentanyl. That is an as-tounding number for one State. That is an astounding increase in the impact that fentanyl is having in deaths in the State of Massachusetts. But it is not just isolated to Massa-chusetts, because fentanyl is the Godzilla of opioids, and it will overrun communities and lay them to waste unless we take action now to stop it. For those who may not know about this new scourge, Mexico and China are the primary foreign sources for illicit fentanyl, for the chemicals and build-ing blocks from which it is made, and for other illicit substances very similar to fentanyl—called fentanyl analogs— and which are trafficked into the United States from outside of our bor-ders. Fentanyl powder is often mixed with other illicit drugs like heroin or is disguised in pill form to resemble an opioid painkiller like OxyContin. Many drug users overdose on fentanyl because they have no idea that it is mixed into whatever sub-stance they are injecting or whatever pills they are swallowing, and they do not realize just how deadly it is until it is too late. But capturing a total and accurate number of drug overdoses caused by fentanyl has been very challenging. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.064 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2739 May 12, 2016 
Coroners and medical examiners do not usually test for the drug unless they are asked to, and they are often un-aware that an overdose has a fentanyl link when an individual tests positive for a different substance such as her-oin. Even more troubling, the men and the women who first respond to the scene of an overdose may not know how to identify fentanyl or how to han-dle the drug. This makes local and State first responders very vulnerable to the drug’s harmful effects, because if the fentanyl powder is absorbed into the skin or accidentally inhaled, it can be deadly. In fact, a dose of just three salt-sized grains of fentanyl can be le-thal. So think about that. You are a first responder. You are going into a home or a business thinking that you are re-sponding to an opioid overdose situa-tion when, in fact, you might be expos-ing yourself to the fentanyl in the air or to something which gets on your skin. That is how deadly this new sub-stance is that is creating this epidemic across our country. Recently, DEA agents in Seattle raided a suspected fentanyl lab wearing HAZMAT suits and protective gear to make sure they did not inadvertently breathe in or touch the fentanyl. The DEA has told me that they sometimes cannot use dogs to sniff packages com-ing in from overseas suspected of con-taining fentanyl because these drug-de-tection dogs may die if they even in-hale it. The Drug Enforcement Administra-tion is so concerned about this syn-thetic opioid that in March of 2015 it issued a nationwide alert highlighting fentanyl as a threat to health and pub-lic safety. Fentanyl is a very real problem in my home State of Massachusetts. Law-rence, MA, which is about half an hour north of Boston, is a hotspot for fentanyl trafficking. From Lawrence, the drug ends up being processed and sold all over New England. There are efforts already in place to address the spread of fentanyl. Mexico and China are its primary foreign sources and have been the focus of dip-lomatic efforts to curb fentanyl traf-ficking. We need to make sure that those countries are living up to their promises to combat the flow of this deadly drug and other synthetic opioids into the United States. We know naloxone, sometimes called Narcan, is an effective antidote against an opioid overdose. But a single dose of naloxone is typically not enough to combat an overdose that includes fentanyl. That is why earlier today I called on the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of State to outline our domestic and inter-national strategy against the traf-ficking of illicit fentanyl into America. As we await their responses, I know there are several critical steps that we must take in order to save lives. We must educate the public about the existence of illicit fentanyl and the harm it can do. We must educate first responders— our firefighters, our EMTs, our sheriffs, our health care workers—so that they can protect against injury to them-selves as they are trying to identify a fentanyl overdose and so that they can protect themselves from the harmful effects of that drug. Identifying a fentanyl overdose could mean the difference between admin-istering multiple lifesaving doses of naloxone or death. We should invest in programs that ensure that naloxone—Narcan—is read-ily available and accessible to those most likely to witness an overdose. We need to make sure that there are no shortages or unnecessary price in-creases for this lifesaving treatment. We should issue guidance to States regarding the protocol for fentanyl testing in order to obtain a more accu-rate picture of fentanyl’s deadly im-pact. Illicit fentanyl is different from other opioids. It is difficult to detect and has deadly consequences for those who unknowingly come within its path. We cannot let another day pass without taking the necessary steps to educate our communities about fentanyl, to develop a national strat-egy, and to collaborate with our inter-national partners—the Mexicans and the Chinese, especially—so that we can keep this illicit drug out of the cities and towns all over our country. American lives depend on a solution to the latest opioid crisis. It is going to be something that people look back at and say: How can something have been worse than the heroin epidemic? How can something have caused more deaths than the heroin epidemic? That is where fentanyl is already in the State of Massachusetts. It is something that is going to come to each and every State in our country. We have to take action now. We have to ensure that we protect our borders from it entering, but then we have to make sure that we give the proper training and protections and put them in place for every State and every city and town to be able to protect against this infecting our communities. So I thank the Chair for giving me the opportunity to address the Cham-ber today. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE AND NATIONAL GUN VIOLENCE AWARENESS DAY Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I wish to speak about the epidemic of gun vio-lence that continues to plague our Na-tion. Every year, around 32,000 Americans are killed by guns. According to recent Centers for Disease Control statistics, every day, on average, 297 Americans are shot, and 91 of those shootings are fatal. Communities across the Nation are affected by this violence, and no community has suffered more than the city of Chicago in my home State of Il-linois. From the start of the year through May 10, at least 1,242 people were shot in Chicago. During the same period, there were at least 215 murders in Chi-cago, the vast majority committed with guns. The level of violence in Chi-cago is significantly higher than in re-cent years. And more people have been shot in Chicago this year than in New York City and Los Angeles combined. It is devastating. I met 2 weeks ago with the top Fed-eral law enforcement officials in Chi-cago: U.S. Attorney Zach Fardon, U.S. Marshal Ed Gilmore, and leaders from the FBI, ATF, and DEA. They re-affirmed their commitment to do all they can at the Federal level to bring down this high level of gun violence in the city. They are committed to work-ing with the Chicago Police Depart-ment and its new superintendent, Eddie Johnson, to ensure that Chi-cago’s residents are both protected and respected by law enforcement. There is much work that needs to be done to improve community policing in Chicago to better safeguard the public’s safety. I am confident that the Justice Department’s ongoing review of the CPD will lead to important re-forms that will build trust between of-ficers and the communities they serve. We have seen Justice Department re-views in other cities produce dramatic improvements. When communities and cops are working together with a rela-tionship of trust and respect, it makes it harder for criminals to operate. I also want to commend the many community leaders, faith leaders, teachers, volunteers, and family mem-bers who are working to provide Chi-cago’s children with a better path, away from the violence. I met recently with students at John Hope College Prep in Englewood on the South Side of Chicago, along with City Year volun-teers who worked with them. It was in-spiring to hear how these high school freshmen and sophomores talked about their work with their City Year men-tors. One student told me ‘‘the thing I love most about City Year is that they never let you give up.’’ With the help of their mentors, these students are doing well in school, steering clear of the gangs, and planning for a bright future. It is so important that we nurture these kinds of efforts throughout Chi-cago. We have to give the younger gen-eration the opportunities and hope that will lead them away from the path of gangs and violence. We also have a responsibility to help these efforts by stemming the flood of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.067 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2740 May 12, 2016 
illicit guns that comes into Chicago. When it is easy for gang members to get their hands on guns, it is hard for children and communities to avoid vio-lence. We must all do our part to stop the gun trafficking that supplies Chi-cago’s criminal gangs. I want to commend President Obama for taking an important step last week to help combat gun trafficking. This step has to do with smart gun tech-nology. Right now we have security features on our phones and computers that can prevent thieves and unauthorized peo-ple from using them. You can secure these devices so they can only be un-locked with a password, fingerprint, or some other security feature. We can de-velop similar technology so that an un-authorized user cannot fire a gun. This would make it far harder for a prohib-ited gun buyer to get his hands on a gun he can use. Smart gun technology would also prevent thieves from stealing guns to resell them, and it would help prevent kids from playing with guns and get-ting hurt. For years there has been resistance to smart gun technology. Part of this resistance has come from the gun lobby, which always fights against pro-posals that might reduce gun sales. But resistance has also come from law en-forcement, which had concerns about whether smart gun technology would work effectively. Last week, the administration an-nounced that it would partner with law enforcement to develop voluntary standards for what law enforcement would need in order to consider using smart gun technology. Within 6 months, this effort will produce base-line specifications for the reliability, durability and accuracy of this tech-nology. Once there is agreement on a set of standards for smart gun technology, then innovators can get to work on de-veloping products that meet those standards and bringing those products to market. The administration will help this effort with its research dol-lars and purchasing power. They will help make this technology a reality. This could be a game changer when it comes to deterring illegal gun traf-ficking. It is exactly the kind of effort that the city of Chicago needs. I com-mend the administration for under-taking this effort, and I will do every-thing in my power to support it. As we work to prevent future gun vi-olence, it is also important that we re-member and pay tribute to those we have lost to this epidemic of violence. June 2, 2016, will mark what should be the 19th birthday of Hadiya Pen-dleton. Hadiya was 15 years old when she was gunned down while standing in a park on Chicago’s South Side on Jan-uary 29, 2013. She had just performed with her King College Prep school band at the President’s inauguration cere-mony one week before. I have come to know Hadiya’s fam-ily—her mother Cleo and her father Nate—and I have met many people who have been deeply affected by Hadiya’s senseless murder. After her death, Hadiya’s friends started a campaign to urge people to wear orange on June 2, Hadiya’s birth-day, to honor victims of gun violence. Orange is the color that hunters wear in the woods so that nobody shoots them. This campaign became a national phenomenon. June 2 has now become Gun Violence Awareness Day. Last year I was proud to join with students, faith leaders, community leaders, media figures, lawmakers, and many more across the Nation who wore or-ange to honor Hadiya and the 32,000 victims lost each year to gun violence. I will be wearing orange again on June 2 this year, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. We must never forget our solemn ob-ligation to do all we can to keep the American people safe, and that in-cludes keeping Americans safe from preventable gun violence. Thousands of Americans are shot and killed each year in shootings that could have been prevented. There are steps we can take, consistent with our Constitution and with our traditions of hunting and sport shooting, to avoid these tragic deaths. We should not be afraid to take those steps. This June 2, Hadiya Pendleton should be celebrating her 19th birthday. In-stead, a nation will mourn her loss and the loss of so many others due to gun violence. We owe it to Hadiya and to the victims to do our best to spare oth-ers from this violence in the future. 
f 
REMEMBERING WALLY HENDERSON Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, 2 weeks ago I lost a dear friend and my home-town of Springfield, IL, lost one of its best. His name was Earl Wallace Hen-derson, but everyone knew him as Wally. He was an acclaimed architect who helped design Springfield’s future while, at the same time, preserving its priceless past as the hometown of President Abraham Lincoln. In the 1960s, Ferry & Henderson, the architectural firm he co-founded, took on one of its most important projects: expanding Illinois’ historic old State capitol building to include under-ground parking, room for the State his-torical library, and other modern amenities. The concept of architectural preser-vation was relatively at that time, and Wally became one of its pioneering leaders. Expanding the old State cap-itol involved taking the building apart piece by piece, cataloguing and moving more than 3,300 stones to the Illinois fairground, and then painstakingly re-building the structure over the new parking garage and library. Wally’s decades of innovative work in architectural preservation earned him admission in 2011 to the American In-stitute of Architects College of Fel-lows, one of the highest honors in his field. Interestingly, Wally became an ar-chitect almost by accident. What he wanted to be all through high school was an astronaut. More to the point, he wanted to be the first man to walk on the moon. This was back in the late 1940s, which gives you an idea of Wal-ly’s ability to imagine a future that few others could see. Wally left Springfield in 1949 to study aeronautical engineering at the Uni-versity of Illinois-Urbana Champaign. He was his parent’s only child, and the first person in his extended family ever to go to college. When he came home for spring break during his freshman year, his parents were so proud of their son, the college student, that they in-vited a bunch of friends over. One of the neighbors asked Wally, ‘‘What are you studying?’’ Wally told them, ‘‘Aeronautical engi-neering.’’ Another neighbor asked, ‘‘So you want to build airplanes, do you?’’ Wally replied, ‘‘No, I want to be the first man on the moon.’’ Years later in an interview, he re-called what followed. ‘‘As those folks departed my mother said, ‘Here, sit down, your dad and I want to talk to you for a moment.’’’ Wally sat down between his dad and his mom, whom he respected greatly. His mother said, ‘‘You know, it’s al-right to say that to your dad and me about ‘wanting to go to the moon.’ But everybody else thinks you’re crazy.’’ That was the end of Wally’s dreams of being an astronaut. He went back to the university and asked a counselor what other school on campus would ac-cept the credits he had earned. Fortunately for Springfield, Wally’s counselor suggested architectural engi-neering. That was the start of his long and distinguished career. Wally graduated from the University of Illinois in 1954, moved to Indianap-olis, and went to work for an engineer-ing firm. Six months later, he was drafted into the Army and sent to Korea. This was several months after the ceasefire that ended the conflict. Wally was assigned to an engineering battalion. One day, a young Korean boy about 11 years old was polishing Wally’s boots to earn money for his family. The boy was telling Wally about his hometown, a little village. He said it was the best village in the world. Wally said he started bragging about his own hometown, reached into his pocket and pulled out the only coin he had, a penny with Lincoln’s image on it, and said, ‘‘I’m from his hometown.’’ The little boy had probably never traveled farther than 10 miles from his own village, but when he saw that penny, his face lit up. To this young boy, Wally said, ‘‘Abraham Lincoln was everything.’’ Right there, 3,000 miles from home, Wally listened as this Ko-rean child told him the story of the Great Emancipator. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.046 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2741 May 12, 2016 
Wally was stunned. He thought, ‘‘Here I am, from Abraham Lincoln’s hometown. I lived nine or ten blocks from Lincoln’s home, and this child knows as much about Abraham Lincoln as I do.’’ Over the next several decades, that would change. As an architect and ar-chitectural preservationist, Wally would play a crucial role in helping to preserve what is now called the Lincoln Home National Historic Site and the Capital Complex. As I mentioned, he also helped preserve and rebuild the old State capitol in Springfield, where Abraham Lincoln delivered his famous ‘‘House Divided’’ speech, warning that the Nation could not endure half slave and half free. Coincidentally, it was also at the old State capitol that an-other lanky lawyer from Illinois, Barack Obama, announced his can-didacy for President of the United States in 2007. I was honored to serve with Wally Henderson on the commission that helped create the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum in Springfield. We also served together on the Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Committee, which helped lead the Na-tion in remembering Abraham Lincoln during 2009, the bicentennial of his birth. Wally was a past president and long-time board member of the Abraham Lincoln Association, a distinguished group of Lincoln scholars. In 2009, the Lincoln Association awarded him its Logan Hay Medal, for his work in pre-serving and making more accessible buildings and landmarks associated with President Lincoln’s life. In 2013, the Springfield Journal Reg-ister named Wally Henderson Spring-field’s ‘‘First Citizen.’’ The ceremony took place, fittingly, at the old State capitol State historic site, which Wal-ly’s firm had helped to restore. That Wally became such an impor-tant and cherished part of Springfield is a bit of an irony. You see, when Wally Henderson left Springfield to go to college, he vowed to himself that he would never move back. After serving in Korea, Wally used the G.I. Bill to earn his master’s degree in architecture at the University of Il-linois. He met his first wife, Sally; they got married, and Wally landed a great job working as an architect in Denver. Then came the fateful phone call: Wally was contacted by a young archi-tect in Springfield, the brother-in-law of Wally’s best friend in high school. The brother-in-law’s name was Don Ferry. He was working for a Spring-field firm that was designing hospitals, and they needed another architect. Was Wally interested? Wally came home, talked with Don Ferry, and left unimpressed. He went back to Denver and finished work on a church that his firm was building in the Rocky Mountains. The completed church was spectacular. At its grand opening, Sally nudged Wally and said, ‘‘You’re leaving.’’ She knew that Wally needed another professional challenge. So, at the age of 28, after 4 years as an architect in Denver, Wally packed up his wife and baby and moved home. He told Don Ferry that he would work with him, but he had conditions. He told Don, ‘‘You quit your job, I’ll quit my job and we’ll open an office in Springfield because, by God, Spring-field needs higher education and a whole bunch of other things.’’ His other condition: Wally said, ‘‘We’re not competing with anybody. We’re going to bring contemporary ar-chitecture to Springfield, Illinois’’ There were about a dozen architectural firms in town at that time, but no one was doing much of anything new. Wally Henderson and Don Ferry formed their own firm, Ferry & Hen-derson Architects, in 1961. They started out in a one-room office that contained two stools, a drafting table, and a tele-phone. They worked together for dec-ades and literally transformed Spring-field. They spearheaded projects including the Springfield Municipal Plaza, the Willard Ice Building, and the building that houses the Springfield Journal- Register. One reason Wally had vowed never to return to Springfield was because the town lacked a university. Ferry & Hen-derson helped rectify that omission when their firm designed the Public Af-fairs Building, the first permanent building at Sangamon State Univer-sity, now the University of Illinois at Springfield. Wally remained a strong supporter of the university until the end of his life. When Wally moved back to Spring-field, the area surrounding the Lincoln Home was run-down and nondescript. Wally helped stir Springfield’s civic pride and its resolve to take care of its priceless legacy as Abraham Lincoln’s hometown. I have been proud to have my congressional and Senate offices in this restored area. Just as that little Korean boy had en-abled Wally to see Springfield through new eyes, Wally helped others in Springfield to envision a future in which the Lincoln Home, the old State capitol, and other places that Lincoln loved would become the crown jewels of America’s Lincoln historic sites. Last year, more than 233,000 people visited the Lincoln Home National His-toric Site in Springfield, up nearly 20 percent from the year before. Those visitors spent more than $13.8 million at local businesses. My wife, Loretta, and I were fortu-nate to count Wally Henderson as a dear friend and neighbor. We both ex-tend our condolences to Wally’s wife, Brynn, and to their children and grand-children, all of whom Wally loved deep-ly. When Abraham Lincoln left Spring-field to start his inaugural journey to Washington, friends from all over town came to see him off at the Great West-ern Railway station. In what is now known as his Farewell Address, the new President said: ‘‘My friends, no one, not in my situation, can appre-ciate my feeling of sadness at this part-ing. To this place, and the kindness of these people, I owe everything.’’ He closed by saying, ‘‘I bid you an affec-tionate farewell.’’ Likewise, to my old friend Wally Henderson, who did so much to pre-serve the legacy of President Lincoln and to enrich our hometown in so many other ways, I bid you an affec-tionate farewell. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, every year in May we commemorate National Police Week, a time to reflect upon the sacrifices made by the men and women who serve in law enforcement. In par-ticular we honor those who have made the ultimate sacrifice and died in the line of duty. Our law enforcement offi-cers risk their lives every day to pro-tect and serve our communities in Vermont and across the country. This year I am proud to say that Congress has come together to deliver more than just rhetoric in honor of this service. This year we are providing something much more important—tangible, life-saving protection for hundreds of thou-sands of law enforcement officers. On Tuesday, the House of Representatives joined the Senate and passed my bipar-tisan reauthorization of the Bullet-proof Vest Partnership Grant Program. I originally worked with former Sen-ator Ben Nighthorse Campbell to estab-lish the Bulletproof Vest Partnership program in the wake of the Carl Drega shootings on the Vermont-New Hamp-shire border. While the Federal officers engaged in a shootout with Drega were equipped with body armor, many of their State law enforcement counter-parts were not, which resulted in the death of two State troopers. Now, near-ly 20 years later, this program has pro-vided more than 1.2 million protective vests to more than 13,000 law enforce-ment agencies around the country, in-cluding more than 4,400 vests for Vermont officers; yet the program’s charter expired in 2012, and I have been working to reauthorize it ever since. The Senate passed the bipartisan meas-ure coauthored by Senator L
INDSEY  G
RAHAM last year. I am proud that the House has now done the same, and the legislation is headed to the President’s desk for signature. This program saves lives and proves that Congress can work together to protect those who protect us. While the Bulletproof Vest Partner-ship will continue to protect officers, we must never forget the more than 20,000 fallen officers enshrined on the walls of the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. These walls stand as a testament to the dedication and commitment of our brave law enforce-ment officers. Officers like Sergeant Gary A. Gaboury, a patrol commander in Shaftsbury and member of the State police dive team, who tragically died 24 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.029 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2742 May 12, 2016 
years ago today, on May 12, 1992, as he was attempting to recover a drowning victim. No matter how old these wounds are, our communities must not forget the sacrifice of Sergeant Gaboury and others in uniform. Tomorrow the names of 252 fallen of-ficers will be added to the walls of the memorial. Among those who will be added to the wall is Vermont State Trooper Kyle Young, who tragically died last September. Trooper Young, who suffered heat stroke during a training exercise, was the first line-of- duty death in Vermont in 12 years. Like so many of his fallen colleagues, Trooper Young died while working to be a better public servant. He hoped to be promoted to the agency’s tactical team, and he died showing the same grit and determination that he showed throughout his life, always trying to achieve the next goal. Trooper Young was only 28 years old and the father of two young girls. He was an outstanding high school athlete who went on to serve in the U.S. Air Force, with tours in Iraq and Afghanistan. His colleagues described him as an active trooper who, with less than 2 years on the job, quickly found his calling. The tragedy of Trooper Young’s death will not be forgotten, nor will the lives of 23 other Vermont law en-forcement officers who have died in the line of duty. Vermont is fortunate to be served by so many professional and dedicated public servants in law en-forcement. That is why I have worked so long to provide law enforcement of-ficers with what they need to keep both themselves and their communities safe. It is my hope that the reauthor-ization of the Bulletproof Vest Part-nership program will do just that—and will help keep names off that wall. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROSS BAKER Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I have often likened the counsel that Senators receive from their staff to the con-fidential advice a lawyer provides to a client. That is why it is so rare that, over the last 40 or so years, Ross Baker, a Distinguished professor at Rutgers University, has taken several sabbaticals to research the inner work-ings of Capitol Hill. Most recently, as a scholar in residence in Senate Minority Leader H
ARRY REID’s office, Professor Baker has been given the unusual ac-cess to the inner workings of one of the Senate’s leading offices. The result? Professor Baker is considered the go-to academic expert on the Senate, one of the preeminent scholars of congres-sional history, the author of six books about Congress and government, and an insightful resource for the news media about the often inscrutable go-ings-on in Congress. I came to know Professor Baker when he joined my staff as an adviser in 2000, when he returned to Capitol Hill to gain a better understanding of Senate seniority. When he returned to my staff in 2004, during a period of fierce debate in the Senate Judiciary Committee over the direction of our courts and our national security pol-icy, Professor Baker saw firsthand how lawmakers, including myself, balance meaningful, large-scale policy debates with the day-to-day responsibility of representing and advocating for our constituents. It goes without saying that my relationship with Professor Baker was a two-way street. It was not uncommon for me to respond to his questions with some of my own. In 2008, Ross Baker joined then-Ma-jority Leader REID’s staff at a pivotal time in both Congress and in the polit-ical arena. Long and diverse primary campaigns, coupled with the winding down of the tumultuous Bush adminis-tration, provided Professor Baker with even more fodder for his courses at Rutgers. As he concludes his final stint with Senator R
EID’s office, one can only wonder how today’s political dia-logue both on the campaign trail and on the floor of the Senate will inform Professor Baker’s American Govern-ment course when he resumes teaching this fall. Vermonters have entrusted me to represent them in Washington several times. Like Professor Baker, I have spent time studying what works, and what doesn’t. His insights are as im-portant to the chronicle of Senate his-tory as they are to the students he teaches today. I ask unanimous consent that a May 5 article in the Washington Post enti-tled ‘‘History Professor Landed a Privi-leged Perch to See How Harry Reid Works’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Post, May 5, 2016] H
ISTORY PROFESSOR LANDED A PRIVILEGED  P
ERCH TOSEEHOWHARRY REIDWORKS  (By Paul Kane) Harry Reid almost never says no. When he gets a new piece of information or a request or anything, he says—he uses this phrase all the time—he says: ‘I’ll look at it,’’’ says Ross K. Baker, a distinguished congressional scholar at Rutgers University. That approach gives the Senate minority leader wiggle room to make decisions in pri-vate, a style of leadership that is decidedly different from the ‘‘master of the Senate,’’ bulldozing approach that Lyndon B. Johnson honed as leader in the 1950s. That’s just one of the countless insights that Baker, 77, has drawn in three separate stints as ‘‘scholar in residence’’ on Reid’s staff Last week, he finished his final tour with the retiring Senate leader as an unpaid adviser and observer, a one-of-a-kind sab-batical for the professor. Over the past 41 years, Baker has done seven stints on Cap-itol Hill, working in the House and Senate. Rather than teaching undergraduate stu-dents his ‘‘American Government’’ course, the professor embedded himself in real American government at an irregular pace in the past, but over the past 16 years he’s been here every four years. Nothing can compete with the access he has been given in Reid’s leadership office in the Capitol. He watched the early stages of the 2008 presidential pri-mary play out on the Senate floor between then-Sens. Barack Obama and Hillary Clin-ton. He has seen Senate battles over treaties, and, without fail, has seen countless legisla-tive battles end in gridlock. Baker’s time on Capitol Hill has provided history the chance to have an academic get an up-close view of one of this era’s most in-fluential political figures, but also one of the most difficult to understand. ‘‘The panorama is breathtaking,’’ Baker said. ‘‘Here is somebody who has his [finger on the] pulse [of] all the major policy areas, has to, and has a staff that is equipped to do that. So the feelers are out, the sensors are everywhere, the neurons are firing con-stantly.’’ Reid said he wanted Baker to ‘‘focus on the Senate as an institution’’ for history’s sake, and the professor wrote a 2014 book, ‘‘Is Bi-partisanship Dead?,’’ based largely on his 2012 experience with Reid. ‘‘We all trust him,’’ Reid said in a tele-phone interview this week from Nevada. He allowed Baker into every senior staff meeting and let him watch Reid’s senior aides prep the senator every Tuesday morn-ing for his weekly news conference. ‘‘He doesn’t speak up very often, but when he does, we all listen,’’ Reid added. The low-light came when Republicans fili-bustered the ratification of a treaty to ele-vate global standards for the disabled, open-ing Baker’s eyes to the ability of conserv-ative groups to block legislation. Now, Baker thinks the calls on both sides for ‘‘regular order’’—legislation beginning in committee, involving junior members, emerging to full and open debates on the House and Senate floor—are hollow. ‘‘There are just too many forces arrayed against it for it to work,’’ he said. ‘‘I think it’s a function of polarization, that leaders have to get control of the process and have to use exotic procedures that are basically incomprehensible.’’ Yet Reid was never the dictator in John-son’s 1950s style, according to Baker. Those senators whom Reid rebuffed after his initial ‘‘I’ll take a look at it’’ would soon find him doing a quick favor. ‘‘He will double back and do something for that person to make them feel important,’’ Baker said. Baker has long been known as a leading congressional expert, a go-to resource for news media in need of translating Wash-ington. These stints on Capitol Hill have given him a first-hand experience, spanning decades, that few scholars can match. Baker’s political interests started ran-domly. In the mid-1970s, when he was fash-ioning himself as an Africa expert and writ-ing occasional op-eds in The Washington Post, Baker decided to refocus his career on U.S. politics, and on Congress in particular. So the 36-year-old professor persuaded Sen. Walter Mondale’s chief of staff, Richard Moe, to give him a break. Baker read the aca-demic version of Washington in journals on his bus commute, then lived the real-life version by day, spending a full academic year among the offices of Mondale (D–Minn ) and Sens. Birch Bayh (D–Ind.) and Frank Church (D–Idaho). Back then, Baker was more like a regular staffer, writing speeches for Bayh and help-ing Church in his late-breaking bid for the 1976 presidential nomination. He almost ac-cepted Church’s offer of a full-time job but returned to Rutgers for the fall of 1976. ‘‘But I got a serious, you know, a chronic case of Potomac Fever,’’ Baker said. By 1983, the time of his next full-year sab-batical, he had landed a gig with the House Democratic Caucus, when the massive ma-jority included dozens of ‘‘Boll Weevil’’ Democrats who backed Ronald Reagan’s tax cuts and strong military posture. Baker went another 17 years before he got back to the Capitol, returning to the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.045 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2743 May 12, 2016 
and to his only Republican boss, then-Sen. Chuck Hagel (Neb.). He bounced from there into the office of Sen. Patrick J. Leahy (Vt.), the top Demo-crat on the Judiciary Committee, spending several months there in 2000 and again in 2004. There, he saw up close how senior sen-ators have to focus on one significant policy arena at the expense of others. ‘‘There’s this sort of policy triage that sen-ators have to engage in, which is: They can’t possibly devote themselves equally to three major committee assignments,’’ Baker said. Several years later, Baker’s Rutgers con-nection paid off. Reid’s longtime senior aide Susan McCue was a Rutgers alumna, connecting Baker with Reid, which led to tours with the ma-jority leader in 2008 and 2012, as well as a brief stint during the 2014 lame-duck session. These past four months were Baker’s first stint with Reid in the minority. With his Reid partnership ending, Baker is returning to another semester of ‘‘American Government’’ this fall at Rutgers. ‘‘I at least come out of it with fresh anec-dotes for my undergraduates,’’ Baker said. ‘‘I mean, I just don’t want to ever be in a posi-tion of mentioning a name and they look at me blankly.’’ BUDGET COMMITTEE COST ESTIMATE—S. 2844 Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I offer for the R
ECORD the Budget Committee’s cost estimate of S. 2844, the Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2017. The reported measure provides $56.5 billion in discretionary budget author-ity for fiscal year 2017, which will re-sult in new outlays of $46.3 billion. When outlays from prior-year budget authority are taken into account, non-emergency discretionary outlays for the bill will total $120.5 billion. The reported bill matches its section 302(b) allocation set forth in S. Rept. 114–238 for budget authority for both the security and nonsecurity cat-egories and is below the 302(b) alloca-tion for outlays by $10 million. The bill contains emergency-des-ignated appropriations, which are ef-fectively exempt from budget enforce-ment. The Budget Act provides a mech-anism to prevent abuse of the emer-gency designation in the form of the 314(e) point of order, which allows any Senator to challenge whether the ap-propriation is actually needed for an emergency. Specifically, the bill trans-fers to the community planning and de-velopment account previously appro-priated emergency-designated Housing and Urban Development spending for administrative costs related to disaster relief efforts. This transfer does not change budget authority, but increases outlays by $1 million. I will adjust the allocations by this amount unless a challenge to the use of the emergency designation is successful, which would occur if fewer than 60 Senators agree that the appropriation is needed for an emergency purpose. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the table dis-playing the Budget Committee scoring of the bill. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: S. 2844, 2017 TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT APPROPRIATIONS—SPENDING COMPARISONS—SENATE-REPORTED BILL 
(Fiscal Year 2017, $ millions) Budget Authority Outlays Security Nonsecurity Total Total 
Senate-reported bill ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 275 56,199 56,474 120,461 Senate 302(b) allocation ....................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 275 56,199 56,474 120,471 2016 Enacted ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 210 57,391 57,601 120,469 President’s request ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... 211 51,781 51,992 118,800 SENATE-REPORTED BILL COMPARED TO: Senate 302(b) allocation ....................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 0 0 0 ¥10 2016 Enacted ................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 65 ¥1,192 ¥1,127 ¥8 President’s request ............................................................................................................ ...................................................................................................................... 64 4,418 4,482 1,661 
Note: Details may not add to totals due to rounding. Includes emergency-designated spending. 
BUDGET COMMITTEE COST ESTIMATE—S. 2806 Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I offer for the R
ECORD the Budget Committee’s cost estimate of S. 2806, the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2017. The reported measure provides $75.1 billion in discretionary budget author-ity for fiscal year 2017, which will re-sult in discretionary outlays of $83.1 billion. The reported bill matches its section 302(b) allocation set forth in S. Rept. 114–238 for budget authority for both the security and nonsecurity cat-egories, and is below the 302(b) alloca-tion for outlays by $10 million. The bill is not subject to any budget- related points of order. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the RECORD the table dis-playing the Budget Committee scoring of the bill. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: S. 2806, 2017 MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS—SPENDING COMPARISONS—SENATE-REPORTED  BILL 
(Fiscal Year 2017, $ millions) Budget Authority Outlays Security Nonsecurity Total Total 
Senate-reported bill ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 7,930 75,100 83,030 83,141 Senate 302(b) allocation ....................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 7,93 0 75,100 83,030 83,151 2016 Enacted ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 8,171 71,698 79,869 79,813 President’s request ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... 7,443 75,254 82,697 83,778 SENATE-REPORTED BILL COMPARED TO: Senate 302(b) allocation ....................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 0 0 0 ¥10 2016 Enacted ................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ ¥241 3,402 3,161 3,328 President’s request ............................................................................................................ ...................................................................................................................... 487 ¥154 333 ¥637 
Note: Details may not add to totals due to rounding. Excludes Overseas Contingency Operations funding in President’s request. 
BUDGETARY REVISIONS Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, section 251 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 establishes statutory limits on discretionary spending and allows for various adjust-ments to those limits, while sections 302 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 allow the chairman of the Budget Committee to establish and make revisions to allocations, ag-gregates, and levels consistent with those adjustments. The Senate will soon consider Senate amendment No. 3896, filed by Senator C
OLLINS . This amendment includes the Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2017, as reported by the Com-mittee on Appropriations. The amend-ment includes a provision related to the Department of Housing and Urban Development’s administrative costs for disaster relief activities that results in $1 million in outlays. This provision is designated as an emergency pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Deficit Control Act of 1985. The inclusion of this designa-tion makes this spending eligible for an adjustment under the Congressional Budget Act. As a result, I am increasing the budg-etary aggregate for 2017 by $1 million in outlays. I am also increasing the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.031 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2744 May 12, 2016 
2017 allocation to the Appropriations Committee by $1 million in outlays. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables, which provide de-tails about the adjustment, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: REVISION TO BUDGETARY AGGREGATES (Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 102 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015) $s in millions 2017 
Current Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ........................................... 3,212,350 Outlays .......................................................... 3,219,191 Adjustments: Budget Authority ........................................... 0 REVISION TO BUDGETARY AGGREGATES—Continued 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 102 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015) $s in millions 2017 
Outlays .......................................................... 1 Revised Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ........................................... 3,212,350 Outlays .......................................................... 3,219,192 
REVISION TO SPENDING ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
(Pursuant to Sections 302 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974) $s in millions 2017 
Current Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 551,068 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 518,531 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 1,181,800 Adjustments: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 0 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 0 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 1 Revised Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 551,068 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 518,531 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 1,181,801 
Memorandum: Detail of Adjustments Made Above OCO Program Integrity Disaster Relief Emergency Total 
Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ........................................................... 0 0 0 0 0 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ................................................. 0 0 0 0 0 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ........................................................................ 0 0 0 1 1 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL DOUGLAS J. SCHWARTZ Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today I rise to recognize and honor the extraordinary service of Col. Douglas J. Schwartz, 434th Air Refueling Wing commander, and to wish him well upon his retirement. A dedicated and loyal public servant, Colonel Schwartz has served the people of Indiana and the United States in the U.S. Air Force for approximately 35 years. A command pilot, Colonel Schwartz has more than 4,200 flying hours, and his service in-cludes deployments in support of U.S. military efforts in the Balkans, Iraq, and Afghanistan. A native of Fort Wayne, IN, Colonel Schwartz graduated from Purdue Uni-versity and received his commission through the Air Force Officer Training School in 1981. Shortly thereafter, he entered pilot training at Williams Air Force Base, AZ, and was assigned to the 325th Bomb Squadron at Fairchild Air Force Base, WA. He transferred to the Air Force Reserve in 1992 and flew KC–135R Stratotankers with the 72nd Air Refueling Squadron at Grissom. From October 1992 until March 2007, he held numerous command and leader-ship assignments at Grissom, including assistant chief pilot, chief of standard-ization and evaluation, operations offi-cer, flight commander, and detachment commander. Colonel Schwartz has also served as detachment commander and operations group commander of the 927th Air Refueling Wing at MacDill Air Force Base, FL; vice commander of the 932nd Airlift Wing at Scott Air Force Base, IL; director of staff for the 4th Air Force; and wing commander of the 927th Air Refueling Wing at McDill Airforce Base, FL, before returning to Grissom to assume command of the 434th Air Refueling Wing in June 2014. Under the leadership of Colonel Schwartz, Grissom is home to one of our Nation’s finest Air Force units with the dedicated men and women of the 434th Air Refueling Wing and the largest KC–135R Stratotanker unit in the Air Force Reserve Command. Colo-nel Schwartz has helped Grissom play a large and growing role in our national defense, and he has worked to ensure the Air Force recognizes the tremen-dous asset we have in Indiana. We thank Colonel Schwartz for his service, dedication, and commitment to protecting Hoosiers and our Nation. Indiana has a long and proud tradition of serving our country, and Colonel Schwartz’s leadership has played a critical role in ensuring that our brave men and women at the 434th Refueling Wing have the training and support they need. On behalf of all Hoosiers, I wish Colonel Schwartz and his wife, Ann, the best in the years ahead. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID C. QUAM ∑Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor David Quam, deputy director for policy with the Na-tional Governors Association, or NGA. Senator M
ANCHIN and Senator R OUNDS  both join me in honoring David, who concluded his tenure with NGA after 13 years of service to the Nation’s Gov-ernors on April 29. As he begins a new chapter in his dis-tinguished professional career, I would like to highlight the important work David led at NGA, the bipartisan orga-nization of the Governors of the 55 States, territories, and Common-wealths. David has been a strong voice for the Nation’s Governors in the areas of State taxation, telecommunications and technology, budget and appropria-tions, national security, veterans af-fairs, the National Guard, and the crit-ical role of States in responding to the great recession and natural disasters. He testified before Congress 15 times, principally on State taxation matters. David also helped launch NGA’s inter-national program, leading a series of subnational trade conferences in Salt Lake City and Beijing between U.S. and Chinese Governors under a bilat-eral agreement between the United States and the People’s Republic of China. Since 2003, David has helped frame and convey the bipartisan views of U.S. Governors to Members of Congress, Presidential administrations and Fed-eral executive branch officials, private sector executives, and international leaders. He has represented the con-sensus positions of Governors through numerous television appearances and print interviews with publications, in-cluding: the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, USA Today, Wash-ington Post, CNN, National Public Radio, Congressional Quarterly, Bu-reau of National Affairs, Politico, Bos-ton Globe, Los Angeles Times, Chicago Tribune, Chicago Sun-Times, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, Denver Post, and the Bond Buyer. David relished his role as chief advo-cate presenting the collective voice of the Nation’s Governors, often describ-ing it as the ‘‘best job in Washington, D.C.’’ He executed it well. Through David’s leadership of the Of-fice of Federal Relations, NGA holds a respected record in developing policy solutions and effectively advocating the Governors’ collective policy prior-ities before Congress and the adminis-tration. David and his team of profes-sionals have helped to maintain a seat at the table for the Nation’s Governors on many critical national issues. On behalf of all of my Senate col-leagues who are former Governors, es-pecially Senator M
ANCHIN and Senator R
OUNDS , many of whom have worked directly with David Quam for years, I wish to express our thanks for his zeal-ous bipartisan advocacy on behalf of the Nation’s Governors, sound counsel, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.044 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2745 May 12, 2016 
good humor, and tireless defense of the Tenth Amendment on behalf of the States.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JIM GRANT ∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the significant contribu-tions that Peterborough native Jim Grant has made to New Hampshire throughout his life. I am proud to rec-ognize Jim’s service in the Granite State and dedication to his fellow New Hampshire residents. Jim has lived his entire life in Peter-borough and is proud of his roots, which are represented on his vanity li-cense plate with the phrase ‘‘LUVPBRO.’’ In addition to being well-known and beloved by his neigh-bors, Jim epitomizes the spirit of gen-erosity in New Hampshire. Spanning decades, Jim’s dedication to vol-unteerism is outstanding, and he has served as a volunteer firefighter for 53 years. His record of service also in-cludes volunteering for the Salvation Army, founding the Monadnock Work-space—an organization that employs and empowers those with develop-mental challenges—and co-founding the Peterborough Sunshine Fund, which assists individuals with emer-gency and travel needs. It is only fitting that Jim’s own pro-fession would be as a teacher who edu-cated and inspired generations of stu-dents. His passion for teaching com-pelled him to found the organization where he works today, Staff Develop-ment for Educators. By ensuring and enriching the professional development needs of educators, Jim is helping to spread education across the globe. Jim has contributed greatly to the Greater Monadnock region, injecting positivity into the lives of people he may never know. It is an honor to highlight Jim’s life of service and com-mitment to a cause greater than him-self. His selflessness and generosity is a testament to all that is great in New Hampshire. I extend my sincerest thanks to Jim for all that he has done and continues to do for the people of New Hampshire. I am extraordinarily proud to join his friends and neighbors in commending Jim for a life well lived and his life-time of giving.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DELANEY BIEL ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize a Hinsdale High School senior, Delaney Biel. Delaney is described by her EMT instructor, Doro-thy Jensen, as ‘‘a determined team player, who is committed to her com-munity. She consistently exceeds ex-pectations . . . I’d trust her with my life.’’ Delaney is already a nationally certified emergency medical technician and will soon be receiving her State certification any moment now. The loss of three classmates in recent years inspired Delaney to enroll in an EMT course offered at her own high school. Initially, an aspiring business-woman, she has said, ‘‘the class abso-lutely changed what I wanted to do as a career. As a kid I was afraid of hos-pitals, but with the ambulance I get to make decisions in a fast-paced environ-ment and I can get down to business without getting flustered.’’ So far she has responded to women in labor and individuals with cardiac and diabetic emergencies. Last year, Delaney gave up basketball, volleyball, and most of her free time in the service of her com-munity. As a fifth generation Montana ranch-er, making the switch from farming equipment to an ambulance was sim-ple. Both working her family’s ranch and participating in Hinsdale athletics prepared her for the collaboration es-sential to high quality urgent care. Delaney has said, ‘‘This is a team sport; it’s not about you, it’s about ev-eryone using their strengths to make the team work.’’ Delaney likes to keep a full schedule. Since April of last year, she has com-pleted 500 hours of community service, administering bimonthly blood pres-sure screenings at the local senior cen-ter. She is also a member of FFA, president of student council, a member of the music department, and a mem-ber of the National Honor Society. This fall, at Montana State Univer-sity-Northern, Delaney will continue on her path to becoming a medical pro-fessional by pursuing a bachelor’s de-gree in nursing. After college, she in-tends to gain hands-on experience in the emergency rooms of Billings and Great Falls before applying to medical school. Her long term goal is to raise a family in Hinsdale and spend a few days each week where she got started, with the volunteer ambulance. This young woman’s dedication is in-spiring. It is our small-town family values that makes Montana so special. Her example encourages each of us to reach beyond expectations we have set for ourselves and do our part to strengthen our communities. Delaney, I wish you the best in col-lege, and thank you for your service to our great State. Keep making us proud.∑ f 
CONGRATULATING JOHN TIERNEY ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate John Tierney on being named Nevada’s 2016 Michael Landsberry Teacher of the Year. This accolade is truly prestigious, attained by only the most influential of Ne-vada’s educators. Without a doubt, Mr. Tierney’s work at Adobe High School in the Elko County School District warrants recognition with this incred-ible award. Mr. Tierney started his career in teaching three decades ago at the Fre-mont Unified School District. In 1989, he moved to Nevada and began teach-ing English and social studies at Adobe Middle School and has remained a val-ued member of the Red-Tailed Hawks’ faculty department ever since. In addi-tion to time spent in the classroom, Mr. Tierney leads the social studies de-partment and serves on the School Im-provement Team at Adobe High School. He is also a national facilitator for PBS TeacherLine, which provides online professional development courses for Pre-K through 12th grade teachers. Mr. Tierney’s unwavering dedication to his students at Adobe High School over the last 25 years goes without question. He is truly a role model, providing an innovative and interactive teaching style for those in his classroom, and he encourages stu-dents with open discourse and debate. His commitment to his students is in-valuable to the Elko community. As the father of four children and as the husband of a teacher, I understand the important role educators play in enriching the lives of Nevadans. Ensur-ing students throughout the Silver State are prepared to compete in the 21st century is critical for the future of our country. The State of Nevada is fortunate to be home to educators like Mr. Tierney. I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans to join me in thanking Mr. Tierney for his dedication to enriching the lives of Nevada’s students and congratulating him on receiving this award. I wish him well in all of his future endeavors and in creating success for all students who enter his classroom.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO CAROLE VILARDO ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Carole Vilardo on her retirement after three decades of service to the Great State of Nevada. Ms. Vilardo has gone above and beyond in her role with the Nevada Taxpayers Association, NTA, embodying Nevada’s values of strength and steadfast dedica-tion to improving the Silver State’s tax laws. Ms. Vilardo began her career with the NTA in 1986 when she was assigned to work on issues including taxes, spending, and business regulation. Prior to this, she owned a retail shop and teamed up with former Nevada State Senator Ann O’Connell in spear-heading work to create tougher shop-lifting laws in Nevada. These laws were later adopted and became a model to other States. From 1972 to 1986, the two worked as a team to better the State of Nevada by advocating for greater ac-countability for the Clark County Commission in its actions and deci-sions. After joining the NTA, Ms. Vilardo worked for 30 years to maintain unbi-ased and fair tax laws for the Silver State. Throughout her tenure, Ms. Vilardo was recognized as a tax expert with an unparalleled ability to explain complex issues to those around her. Even with the slightest change in legis-lation, Ms. Vilardo could explain the direct effects these decisions would have on Nevada’s economy. She was one-of-a-kind, earning the trust of any-one she made contact with. In addition, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.040 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2746 May 12, 2016 
she served as a true watchdog of Ne-vada’s spending. Her public service will be sorely missed by our Great State. After three decades of providing in-sightful testimony on tax policy and instrumental counsel to those helping shape Nevada’s laws, Ms. Vilardo re-cently retired. Her legacy throughout the Silver State and at the NTA will continue on for years to come. Ms. Vilardo will continue to be respected for her in-depth knowledge, years of unwavering dedication to our State, and for her ability to create long-last-ing and positive relationships through-out Nevada. Her vigilance and deter-mination in creating effective tax pol-icy for our State will not be forgotten. Ms. Vilardo has demonstrated true commitment to Nevada, exemplifying what it means to fight for the greater good of our Great State. We are lucky to have had someone of such dedication working on behalf of the Silver State. I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans to join me in thanking Ms. Vilardo for her years of service, and I wish her well in all of her future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GENERAL JOHN F. CAMPBELL ∑Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor a strategic leader and ex-ceptional warrior of tremendous talent. After a lifetime of distinguished serv-ice to our Nation, GEN John F. Camp-bell is retiring from the U.S. Army. On this occasion, I believe it is fitting to recognize General Campbell’s decades of dedicated service to our Nation. General Campbell graduated from the U.S. Military Academy in 1979 and commissioned in the U.S. Army infan-try. During his more than 37 years of service, he has commanded units at every echelon from platoon leader, to four-star command, and in places such as Haiti, Afghanistan, and Iraq. Upon promotion to brigadier general in 2005, he was assigned as the deputy commanding general for Maneuver, 1st Calvary Division, deployed to Baghdad, and is widely credited with holding to-gether the force during a very violent period leading up to the surge. His fol-lowing assignment was the deputy di-rector for regional operations at the Joint Staff. After being promoted to major general, he was named com-mander of the Screaming Eagles, 101st Airborne Division, and deployed to Af-ghanistan as commander, Regional Command East, International Security Assistance Force, ISAF, North Atlan-tic Treaty Organization, NATO, and commander, Combined Joint Task Force-101. He commanded of over 30,000 coalition servicemembers and 65,000 Af-ghan National Defense and Security Forces. The scope of his responsibility included the protection of 13 million people and the security of a 450-mile border with Pakistan. At Fort Campbell, KY, General Campbell cultivated lasting relation-ships within the community to support soldiers, civilians, and families. He in-stalled programs to facilitate a com-prehensive fitness program, develop soldier and family resiliency, and sig-nificantly decrease the suicide rate. As lieutenant general, he became the Army Deputy Chief of Staff for Oper-ations, Plans and Training. He was pro-moted to general and, in 2014, con-firmed as the 34th U.S. Army Vice Chief of Staff, where he promoted the physical, moral, and mental fitness re-quired for improved readiness and re-silience. He was an advocate for stop-ping sexual harassment and assault and supported Wounded Warrior pro-grams. He was vital in updating Con-gress on the Army’s path ahead for these and other key issues. In addition, he coordinated a restructure of posts and stations that helped decrease 17,500 personnel by fiscal year 2017 to meet mandated end strength goals. In 2014, General Campbell deployed to Afghanistan and took command of the NATO ISAF mission and United States Forces—Afghanistan. During his first 6 months, Afghanistan held an extended electoral process and installed a new President and Chief Executive as part of the National Unity Government. After this, General Campbell managed an over 90 percent drawdown of U.S. forces and installations; he transitioned the force from regional commands to train, advise, and assist commands. He helped transition ISAF to a functionally based security force assistance mission designated Resolute Support and became commander of both Resolute Support and United States Forces—Afghanistan for the next 14 months. He served as adviser to the President of Afghanistan, the Min-isters of Defense and Interior, and the National Director of Security. His in-fluence during the era of the National Unity Government will have long last-ing strategic impacts in Afghanistan and the region. General Campbell is well known for his strategic brilliance and calm for-titude. He is the embodiment of all the values we expect in our most revered leaders: the rare tenacity to accom-plish impossible missions; the selfless commitment to country, soldier, and family; and the composition of char-acter that demonstrates only the high-est moral and ethical values. He is known for telling his soldiers, ‘‘Leader-ship makes a difference,’’ yet it is his exemplary leadership that had made a difference to countless thousands both abroad and at home. I thank his wife, Ann; his daughter, Jennifer; and his son, John, Jr., who is also serving in the Army, for their years of dedication and support. As the chairman of the Senate Armed Serv-ices Committee and on behalf of those who serve beside me, let me express the deepest respect and gratitude to Gen-eral Campbell for his remarkable serv-ice to our Nation. I wish you and your family all the best in beginning your new chapter of life together. ∑ 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF BETH ISRAEL CONGREGATION ∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 100th anniversary of Beth Israel Congregation in Ann Arbor, MI. I appreciate the opportunity to speak about this truly significant milestone in the history of this con-gregation, as well as the city of Ann Arbor and Washtenaw County. I offer Beth Israel my warmest regards and congratulations on its centennial. I am also pleased to express my pride in the many contributions of the congrega-tion’s members, who dedicate their tal-ents to benefit Beth Israel and the greater good in Ann Arbor. Established in 1916, Beth Israel was Ann Arbor’s only Jewish congregation for many years. Initially, families met informally in the home of Osias Zwerdling to celebrate the Jewish High Holidays and community milestones. Mr. Zwerdling, a furrier by trade, would serve as the diverse congrega-tion’s president for the next 40 years. His leadership was particularly valu-able given the fact that the congrega-tion, as in many small American towns in the early twentieth century, oper-ated without a rabbi. Instead, members of the congregation volunteered in a variety of roles, including teaching in Hebrew school, leading the congrega-tion in prayer as cantor, or serving as its schochet to ensure the kosher slaughter of animals. Early on, Beth Israel hired Reverend Pincus Gropstein, who was paid $18 a week to serve the congregation’s 30 families. In 1932, Rabbi Joshua Sperka became the congregation’s first or-dained rabbi and served in the role until 1934. After his departure, the con-gregation continued to rely on the de-voted efforts of its members, who pro-vided a steady backdrop to the con-tributions of Rabbi Julius Weinberg, who served from 1952 to 1961; Rabbi Allan Kensky, who served from 1971 to 1988; and Rabbi Robert Dobrusin, who has guided Beth Israel since 1988 with wisdom, humor, and warmth. Beth Israel Congregation was the first conservative congregation in southeast Michigan to become egali-tarian, encouraging men and women to participate equally in the ritual and spiritual life of the congregation, and was the first conservative congregation in the United States to choose a female president. The community’s welcoming spirit is exemplified in its longstanding support of the LGBT community, where it is an active leader in pro-moting inclusion in the conservative Jewish movement, which is highlighted by its advocacy for the ordination of LGBT rabbis. Moreover, Beth Israel has taken steps to ensure people with disabilities have full access to the syn-agogue and its services. In addition to nurturing an inclusive environment at Beth Israel, the con-gregation is committed to supporting the Jewish community at home and abroad. Members take steps to ensure that everyone has a place to celebrate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.036 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2747 May 12, 2016 
the Passover Seder, volunteer in the congregation’s extensive Hebrew lan-guage program, and send care packages throughout the world, including a care package that gave a soldier in Manila and Jewish communities in Nigeria, Zimbabwe, and Uganda the chance to celebrate Purim. The synagogue is also proud of its sponsorship of trips to Israel, as well as serious dialogue it fosters on issues related to Israel and the Middle East. Beyond its service to the Jewish community, Beth Israel is committed to the larger Ann Arbor community; playing an active role in city’s Interfaith Hospitality Network, Interfaith Round Table, and the Ann Arbor Shelter Association. Once again, I applaud Beth Israel Congregation in Ann Arbor, MI, on its 100th anniversary. The congregation’s generosity and commitment to diver-sity exemplify the values of the people of Ann Arbor and the State of Michi-gan, who I am proud to represent in the Senate. I thank Beth Israel for its dec-ades of service to the Jewish commu-nity and everyone in Ann Arbor. I wish the congregation and leadership of Beth Israel many more decades of suc-cess and may they always go from strength to strength.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NEAL ACKER ∑Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Mr. Neal Acker, who at the end of this year will be re-tiring from a distinguished 12-year ca-reer as the general counsel of the Ala-bama Housing Finance Authority, AHFA. Neal graduated from the Uni-versity of Alabama School of Law and was formerly associated with the law firm of Capell and Howard in Mont-gomery. Neal and his wife, Beth, have been close and valued friends of mine for many years and have been wonder-ful public spirited citizens. The Alabama Housing Finance Au-thority was established by the Ala-bama State Legislature in 1980 to pro-vide financing options for low and mod-erate-income families. In its first year, AHFA issued $150 million in low-inter-est loans, but since then, that number has grown by over $2 billion. The last 35 years, the organization has expanded from providing financing to individual homeowners, to capitalizing substan-tial housing investment projects across the State. Neal served AHFA through some of the worst natural disasters in Ala-bama’s history. Through his leadership and dedication, the organization was able to provide temporary lodging to those affected by Hurricane Katrina and the 2011 tornado outbreak. Throughout his service to the people of Alabama, Neal also worked closely with the Tuscaloosa VA to develop housing options for homeless veterans. Neal is a brilliant lawyer with great judgment. These qualities have played a key role in the success of the AHFA. AHFA has been governed most effec-tively during its dramatic growth. It is certainly one of the finest Housing Fi-nance Authorities in America. Neal has been a right hand to this success and helped my office assist the authority in its good work. I am honored to have been able to work with Neal and am proud to call him my friend.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING BUENO FOODS ∑Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, today I wish to honor a longstanding New Mex-ico institution: Bueno Foods. New Mexicans pride ourselves for our cre-ative and delicious food, especially our homegrown chile. It is our official State vegetable and even the reason for our official state question, ‘‘Red or Green?’’ While generations of New Mexicans have loved chile in all sorts of forms, even dessert, our famous cui-sine has more recently been adopted by food lovers across the world. And that is largely thanks to Bueno Foods. On May 18, 2016, Bueno Foods of Al-buquerque, NM, will celebrate its 65th anniversary. That is a cause to cele-brate Bueno Foods can trace its herit-age to Hispanic farmers and businessowners going back to the Spanish explorers who came to New Mexico in the 1500s. The company was formed in 1946 when several brothers from an old New Mexico family, the Bacas, returned from serving in World War II and scraped together enough money to start a grocery business. Their grocery was very successful at the beginning, but it faced a strong challenge when larger chains started opening up branches in the State. So the Baca brothers set out to benefit from New Mexico’s unique heritage, differentiate their business from out- of-state grocers, preserve our tradi-tions, and of course, expand their sales. Bueno Foods was born, founded in 1951, manufacturing corn and flour tor-tillas, tamales and posole at a time when household appliances were just entering many homes around the coun-try. The brothers had another idea, too: to take chile, roast it over an open flame as the New Mexico autumn tradi-tion dictates, and freeze it so that peo-ple could enjoy green chile year-round. It was a success, and history was made. Over half a century later, you can find Bueno Foods in nearly every gro-cery store in the State and many oth-ers outside New Mexico. From Hawaii to Washington, DC, Bueno Foods has served as a proud ambassador of New Mexico cuisine, exposing new markets to delicious, fiery chile and the critical question, ‘‘red or green?’’ For 65 years, Bueno Foods has made an old dicho the reality for all of us. ‘‘Panza llena, corazon contento; Full belly, happy heart.’’ Today, I recognize the Baca brothers, Jacqueline, Gene, Catherine, Ana, and the rest of the Bueno Foods family for the business they started and the tradition they still are helping to preserve.∑ MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message from the President of the United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13611 OF MAY 16, 2012, WITH RE-SPECT TO YEMEN—PM 47 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012, with respect to Yemen is to continue in effect be-yond May 16, 2016. The actions and policies of certain members of the Government of Yemen and others continue to threaten Yem-en’s peace, security, and stability, in-cluding by obstructing the implemen-tation of the agreement of November 23, 2011, between the Government of Yemen and those in opposition to it, which provided for a peaceful transi-tion of power that meets the legitimate demands and aspirations of the Yemeni people for change, and by obstructing the political process in Yemen. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13611 with respect to Yemen. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , May 12, 2016. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 11:14 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3680. An act to provide for the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to carry out a grant program for co-prescribing opioid overdose reversal drugs. H.R. 3691. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the resi-dential treatment programs for pregnant and postpartum women and to establish a pilot program to provide grants to State sub-stance abuse agencies to promote innovative service delivery models for such women. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.043 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2748 May 12, 2016 
H.R. 4599. An act to amend the Controlled Substances Act to permit certain partial fill-ings of prescriptions. H.R. 4843. An act to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to require certain monitoring and oversight, and for other purposes. H.R. 4969. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to direct the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to provide for informational materials to educate and prevent addiction in teenagers and adoles-cents who are injured playing youth sports and subsequently prescribed an opioid. H.R. 4976. An act to require the Commis-sioner of Food and Drugs to seek rec-ommendations from an advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration before approval of certain new drugs that are opioids without abuse-deterrent properties, and for other purposes. H.R. 4978. An act to require the Govern-ment Accountability Office to submit to Congress a report on neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS) in the United States and its treatment under Medicaid, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 4981. An act to amend the Controlled Substances Act to improve access to opioid use disorder treatment. H.R. 4982. An act to direct the Comptroller General of the United States to evaluate and report on the in-patient and outpatient treatment capacity, availability, and needs of the United States. 
The message further announced that the House agreed to the amendments of the Senate to the text of the bill (H.R. 4336) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial in Ar-lington National Cemetery of the cre-mated remains of certain persons whose service has been determined to be active service, and agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the title of the bill. The message also announced that pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4355(a), clause 10 of rule I, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Member on the part of the House of Representatives to the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy to fill the existing vacancy thereon: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York. 
At 1:50 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 4641. An act to provide for the estab-lishment of an inter-agency task force to re-view, modify, and update best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medi-cation, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 3:10 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 32. An act to provide the Department of Justice with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activity, and for other purposes. S. 125. An act to amend title I of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bul-letproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other pur-poses. S. 2755. An act to provide Capitol-flown flags to the immediate family of firefighters, law enforcement officers, members of rescue squads or ambulance crews, and public safety officers who are killed in the line of duty. H.R. 4238. An act to amend the Department of Energy Organization Act and the Local Public Works Capital Development and In-vestment Act of 1976 to modernize terms re-lating to minorities. H.R. 4336. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the inurnment in Arlington National Cemetery of the cre-mated remains of certain persons whose service has been determined to be active service. The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3680. An act to provide for the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to carry out a grant program for co-prescribing opioid overdose reversal drugs; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 3691. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the resi-dential treatment programs for pregnant and postpartum women and to establish a pilot program to provide grants to State sub-stance abuse agencies to promote innovative service delivery models for such women; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 4599. An act to amend the Controlled Substances Act to permit certain partial fill-ings of prescriptions; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 4641. An act to provide for the estab-lishment of an inter-agency task force to re-view, modify, and update best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medi-cation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 4843. An act to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to require certain monitoring and oversight, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 4969. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to direct the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to provide for informational materials to educate and prevent addiction in teenagers and adoles-cents who are injured playing youth sports and subsequently prescribed an opioid; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 4976. An act to require the Commis-sioner of Food and Drugs to seek rec-ommendations from an advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration before approval of certain new drugs that are opioids without abuse-deterrent properties, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 4978. An act to require the Govern-ment Accountability Office to submit to Congress a report on neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS) in the United States and its treatment under Medicaid, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. H.R. 4981. An act to amend the Controlled Substances Act to improve access to opioid use disorder treatment; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 4982. An act to direct the Comptroller General of the United States to evaluate and report on the in-patient and outpatient treatment capacity, availability, and needs of the United States; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. COCHRAN, from the Committee on Appropriations: Special Report entitled ‘‘Revised Alloca-tion to Subcommittees of Budget Totals For Fiscal Year 2017’’ (Rept. No. 114–253). By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, with amendments: S. 2348. A bill to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the in-nocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes. S. 2577. A bill to protect crime victims’ rights, to eliminate the substantial backlog of DNA and other forensic evidence samples to improve and expand the forensic science testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to increase research and development of new testing technologies, to develop new training programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide post-conviction testing of DNA evi-dence to exonerate the innocent, to support accreditation efforts of forensic science lab-oratories and medical examiner offices, to address training and equipment needs, to im-prove the performance of counsel in State capital cases, and for other purposes. By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, without amendment: S. 2840. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to au-thorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter training, and for other pur-poses. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Ms. A
YOTTE ): S. 2923. A bill to redesignate the Saint- Gaudens National Historic Site as the ‘‘Saint-Gaudens National Park for the Arts’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. REID (for himself, Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. P
ERDUE , and Mr. D URBIN ): S. 2924. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to former United States Senator Max Cleland; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. KIRK: S. 2925. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for the inspec-tion of kitchens and food service areas at medical facilities of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to ensure that the same stand-ards for kitchens and food service areas at hospitals in the private sector are being met at kitchens and food service areas at medical facilities of the Department; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. UDALL: S. 2926. A bill to make technical changes to provisions authorizing prize competitions under the Stevenson-Wydler Technology In-novation Act of 1980, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Mr. M
ORAN , and Mr. B LUNT ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.005 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2749 May 12, 2016 
S. 2927. A bill to prevent governmental dis-crimination against providers of health serv-ices who decline involvement in abortion, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. DAINES: S. 2928. A bill to require an expedited deci-sion with respect to securing land-based mis-sile fields, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 2929. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3031 Veterans Road West in Staten Island, New York, as the ‘‘Leonard Montalto Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mr. B
AR-
RASSO , and Mr. I NHOFE ): S. 2930. A bill to ensure that Federal fund-ing for the United Nations Framework Con-vention on Climate Change complies with applicable statutory limitations; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. PAUL: S. Res. 461. A resolution commending the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, John Sopko, and his office for their efforts in providing accountability for taxpayer dollars spent in Afghanistan; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. B
OXER , Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Ms. H IRONO , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. R
EID, and Mr. C ARPER ): S. Res. 462. A resolution urging the United States Soccer Federation to immediately eliminate gender pay inequity and treat all athletes with the same respect and dignity; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. S ASSE, and Mrs. E
RNST ): S. Res. 463. A resolution honoring the memory and service of Omaha Police Officer Kerrie Orozco; considered and agreed to. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. Res. 464. A resolution commemorating the 75th anniversary of the Alaska State Troopers; considered and agreed to. By Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. Con. Res. 37. A concurrent resolution recognizing the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library in Lexington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 71 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 71, a bill to preserve open com-petition and Federal Government neu-trality towards the labor relations of Federal Government contractors on Federal and federally funded construc-tion projects. S. 275 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 275, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of home as a site of care for infusion therapy under the Medicare program. 
S. 356 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 356, a bill to improve the provisions relating to the privacy of electronic communications. 
S. 743 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 743, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to recognize the service in the reserve components of the Armed Forces of certain persons by honoring them with status as veterans under law, and for other purposes. 
S. 804 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose moni-toring devices, and for other purposes. 
S. 1301 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1301, a bill to amend title IV of the Personal Responsibility and Work Op-portunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 to restore Medicaid coverage for citizens of the Freely Associated States law-fully residing in the United States under the Compacts of Free Associa-tion between the Government of the United States and the Governments of the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau. 
S. 1409 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1409, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to re-quire States to suspend, rather than terminate, an individual’s eligibility for medical assistance under the State Medicaid plan while such individual is an inmate of a public institution. 
S. 2235 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2235, a bill to repeal debt collection amendments made by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. 
S. 2340 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2340, a bill to require the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget to issue a directive on the man-agement of software licenses, and for other purposes. S. 2348 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2348, a bill to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform deci-sions about pretrial release or deten-tion and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2377 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2377, a bill to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and pro-tect and secure the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2551 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2551, a bill to help prevent acts of genocide and mass atrocities, which threaten national and international se-curity, by enhancing United States ci-vilian capacities to prevent and miti-gate such crises. 
S. 2604 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2604, a bill to establish in the leg-islative branch the National Commis-sion on Security and Technology Chal-lenges. 
S. 2613 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2613, a bill to reauthorize certain programs estab-lished by the Adam Walsh Child Pro-tection and Safety Act of 2006. 
S. 2680 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Sen-ator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLI-
BRAND ), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2680, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide comprehensive mental health reform, and for other purposes. 
S. 2736 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2736, a bill to im-prove access to durable medical equip-ment for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2795 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.008 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2750 May 12, 2016 
MURKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2795, a bill to modernize the regu-lation of nuclear energy. 
S. 2825 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2825, a bill to amend title 37, United States Code, to require compli-ance with domestic source require-ments for footwear furnished to en-listed members of the Armed Forces upon their initial entry into the Armed Forces. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2835, a bill to amend the National Dam Safety Program Act to establish a program to provide grant assistance for the rehabilitation and repair of high hazard potential dams, and for other purposes. 
S. 2840 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2840, a bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter training, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2849 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. McC
AIN) and the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. McC
ASKILL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2849, a bill to ensure the Government Accountability Office has adequate access to information. 
S. 2892 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2892, a bill to accel-erate the use of wood in buildings, es-pecially tall wood buildings, and for other purposes. 
S. 2904 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2904, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to elimi-nate the five month waiting period for disability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 2909 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2909, a bill to amend the Ter-rorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 to allow for the use of certain assets of foreign persons and entities to satisfy certain judgments against terrorist parties, and for other purposes. 
S. 2921 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2921, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employ-ees of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, to improve health care and bene-fits for veterans, and for other pur-poses. S. CON. RES. 30 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 30, a concurrent resolution expressing concern over the disappear-ance of David Sneddon, and for other purposes. 
S. CON. RES. 35 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 35, a concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the United States should continue to exercise its veto in the United Nations Security Council on resolutions regard-ing the Israeli-Palestinian peace proc-ess. 
S. RES. 349 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 349, a resolution congratulating the Farm Credit System on the celebration of its 100th anniversary. 
S. RES. 397 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 397, a resolution sup-porting the recognition of 2016 as the ‘‘Year of Pulses’’ and acknowledging the nutritional benefit and important contribution to soil health of pulse crops. 
S. RES. 432 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 432, a resolution supporting re-spect for human rights and encour-aging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. 
S. RES. 459 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 459, a resolution recognizing the impor-tance of cancer research and the vital contributions of scientists, clinicians, cancer survivors, and other patient ad-vocates across the United States who are dedicated to finding a cure for can-cer, and designating May 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Cancer Research Month’’. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. REID (for himself, Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. P ERDUE , and Mr. D
URBIN ): S. 2924. A bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal to former United States Senator Max Cleland; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2924 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Max Cleland Congressional Gold Medal Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Joseph Maxwell ‘‘Max’’ Cleland has demonstrated the highest degree of profes-sionalism and has served as an inspiration to friends, family, veterans, and many others while dedicating his life to the public service of the United States. (2) Max Cleland began his career in public service when he joined the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps as a young college student, went on active duty in the United States Army (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Army’’) in 1965 as a Second Lieutenant, and volunteered for service in Vietnam, rising to the rank of Captain. (3) The Army recognized Max Cleland with a Silver Star for his gallantry in action dur-ing the Battle of Khe Sanh in April of 1968. According to the letter of commendation from the Army, ‘‘The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Con-gress, July 8, 1918 (amended by act of July 25, 1963), takes pleasure in presenting the Silver Star to Captain (Signal Corps) Joseph Max-well Cleland, United States Army, for gal-lantry in action while engaged in military operations involving conflict with an armed hostile force in the Republic of Vietnam.’’. (4) Max Cleland, a Battalion Signal Officer dispatched to set up a radio relay antenna, was severely wounded on the battlefield and, as a result, lost both of his legs and his right arm. Cleland would endure 18 months of ex-tremely difficult rehabilitation and recovery at Walter Reed Army Medical Center and hospitals of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs (in this section referred to as ‘‘VA hos-pitals’’) in Washington, DC. In 1969, Cleland testified before the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs on the hardships faced by veterans returning home from war. (5) Upon returning to Georgia, Max Cleland was determined to continue his public serv-ice and, in 1970, at the age of 28, was elected as the youngest Georgia State senator and helped pass legislation to make public facili-ties accessible for veterans, older people, and individuals with disabilities. (6) Max Cleland later came to Washington, DC and joined the Senate Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs as a professional staff member, investigating VA hospitals across the coun-try and the treatment of service members re-turning from Vietnam. (7) In 1977, President Jimmy Carter named Max Cleland, then just 34 years old, the youngest ever individual, and first Vietnam veteran, to serve as Administrator of the Veterans Administration. As Administrator, Cleland helped create the ‘‘Vet Center’’ counseling program, which later expanded to 300 facilities nationwide helping veterans and their families receive psychological care for post-traumatic stress disorders and other problems associated with warfare. (8) Following his term as Administrator of the Veterans Administration, Max Cleland returned to elective office in 1982 when he was elected as Secretary of State of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.010 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2751 May 12, 2016 
State of Georgia. As Secretary of State, Cleland implemented the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 (52 U.S.C. 20501 et seq.) in Georgia and added almost 1,000,000 new voters to the rolls. (9) Max Cleland was elected to the United States Senate in 1996 and would go on to chair the Subcommittee on Personnel of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. In the Senate, Cleland was known for his work in expanding benefits for service mem-bers and in improving veterans’ health care, education, and the environment. (10) After his service in the Senate, Max Cleland continued his distinguished career in public service by becoming a commissioner on the National Commission on Terrorist At-tacks Upon the United States (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘9/11 Commission’’) and later as a member of the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States. (11) In 2009, President Barack Obama named Max Cleland Secretary of the Amer-ican Battle Monuments Commission. As Sec-retary of the Commission, Cleland is charged with commemorating both the permanent cemeteries of the United States located in foreign countries and the military memo-rials, monuments, and markers dem-onstrating where members of the United States Armed Forces have served overseas since World War I. (12) In 2010, President Obama again called on Max Cleland to serve his country and Cleland again accepted. This time, Cleland agreed to serve as co-chair, and eventually the inaugural chair, of the Advisory Com-mittee on Arlington National Cemetery, which was established to help fix the prob-lems facing the final resting place for many of the heroes of the United States. After his tenure as chair, Cleland was awarded the Decoration for Distinguished Civilian Serv-ice of the Army, the highest honorary award that the Secretary of the Army can confer on a civilian. (13) After overcoming some of the most dif-ficult challenges imaginable, Max Cleland has spent almost five decades of his life in service to the United States and the country is forever indebted to his service. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL. 
(a) A WARD AUTHORIZED .—The Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Presi-dent pro tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the award, on behalf of Congress, of a gold medal of appro-priate design to Joseph Maxwell ‘‘Max’’ Cleland. (b) D
ESIGN AND STRIKING .—For the pur-poses of the award described in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury (in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall strike the gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions, to be determined by the Secretary. (c) D
UPLICATE MEDALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck under this Act at a price sufficient to cover the costs of the medals, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses. (2) S
ALE OF DUPLICATE MEDALS .—The amounts received from the sale of duplicate medals under paragraph (1) shall be depos-ited in the United States Mint Public Enter-prise Fund. 
SEC. 4. STATUS OF MEDALS. 
Medals struck under this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 461—COM-MENDING THE SPECIAL INSPEC-TOR GENERAL FOR AFGHANI-STAN RECONSTRUCTION, JOHN SOPKO, AND HIS OFFICE FOR THEIR EFFORTS IN PROVIDING ACCOUNTABILITY FOR TAX-PAYER DOLLARS SPENT IN AF-GHANISTAN Mr. PAUL submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 461 Whereas the Office of Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) was created in 2008 ‘‘to provide independent and objective analysis and su-pervision of audits and investigations,’’ ‘‘to promote economy, efficiency, and effective-ness,’’ and to ‘‘prevent and detect waste, fraud, and abuse’’ with regards to ‘‘amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for the reconstruction of Afghanistan’’; Whereas the Office of Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction has, under the leadership of SIGAR John Sopko, been a strong voice for the good stewardship of taxpayer dollars; Whereas Special Inspector General Sopko has provided testimony 11 times before Con-gress; Whereas the recommendations of SIGAR have resulted in more than $1,000,000,000 in potential savings; Whereas one investigation revealed con-tract bid-rigging and price-fixing that led to the termination of a $1,000,000,000 Afghan Ministry of Defense fuel contract, resulting in $214,000,000 in contract savings to the United States Government; Whereas SIGAR investigations into waste, fraud, and abuse have led to nearly 700 con-tractors being prohibited from future United States Government contracts; Whereas SIGAR exposed mismanagement and fraud within the United Nations-admin-istered Law and Order Trust Fund for Af-ghanistan, which provides billions of dollars in payments to the Afghan National Police; Whereas SIGAR has further exposed poor attendance and accounting procedures that allow the existence of non-existent Afghan ‘‘ghost’’ soldiers and police, whose salaries are pocketed by corrupt officials; Whereas SIGAR discovered the expenditure of $6,000,000 on 9 goats meant to start a cash-mere industry in Afghanistan, the where-abouts of which are now unknown; Whereas SIGAR has attempted to provide accountability to $210,000,000 spent on the construction of health care facilities in Af-ghanistan, discovering that nearly 80 percent of facilities have incorrect location data, where 13 facilities were built outside of Af-ghanistan, including one in the Mediterra-nean Sea; Whereas SIGAR also investigated the cir-cumstances that led to the construction of a $36,000,000 United States military command and control facility at Camp Leatherneck that the commanders on the ground stated they neither wanted nor needed, and which was never occupied; Whereas SIGAR brought to national atten-tion that the Department of Defense lost $29,000,000 worth of heavy equipment, such as tractor trucks and cranes, which impeded ef-forts to constitute an independent Afghan equivalent to the Army Corp of Engineers; and Whereas SIGAR exposed the Department of Defense had spent $43,000,000 on a Com-pressed Natural Gas (CNG) filling station, costing nearly 86 times more than a similar project, and that further almost no vehicles in Afghanistan run on CNG and the cost to convert a vehicle is more than the average annual Afghan salary: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commends the Office of the Special In-spector General for Afghanistan Reconstruc-tion for its ongoing role in identifying and reducing waste, fraud, and abuse; and (2) urges all inspectors general to look to the Office of the Special Inspector General for Afghan Reconstruction as an example of the vigor and independence with which the Senate expects inspectors general across government to pursue their duty. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 462—URGING THE UNITED STATES SOCCER FEDERATION TO IMMEDIATELY ELIMINATE GENDER PAY IN-EQUITY AND TREAT ALL ATH-LETES WITH THE SAME RE-SPECT AND DIGNITY Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. B OXER , Ms. W
ARREN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. H
IRONO , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. R EID, and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 462 Whereas title IX of the Education Amend-ments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘title IX’’) requires schools and institutions of higher education to provide the same opportunities for girls that the schools and institutions of higher education provide for boys; Whereas 6 years after the date of enact-ment of title IX, the approximate percentage of girls playing team sports increased from 4 percent to 25 percent, a sixfold increase; Whereas the participation of girls in club soccer in the United States increased by ap-proximately 37 percent between 1995 and 2015; Whereas the participation of girls in high school soccer programs increased by approxi-mately 45 percent between 1999 and 2014; Whereas the participation of girls in team sports results in lifelong improvements to the educational, work, and health prospects of the girls; Whereas the United States Soccer Federa-tion is the governing body of soccer in all forms in the United States and endeavors to make soccer a preeminent sport in the United States; Whereas the United States Women’s Na-tional Team has won 3 Federation Inter-nationale de Football Association (com-monly referred to as ‘‘FIFA’’) Women’s World Cups, 4 Olympic Gold Medals, and 7 Confederation of North, Central America, and Caribbean Association Football (com-monly referred to as ‘‘CONCACAF’’) Gold Cups; Whereas the United States Women’s Na-tional Team is ranked first in the world as of the date of adoption of this resolution; Whereas the 2015 final Women’s World Cup match generated an audience of approxi-mately 750,000,000 viewers worldwide and more than 25,000,000 viewers in the United States, the largest audience of any soccer game shown in the United States on English language television; Whereas the members of the United States Women’s National Team are some of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.012 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2752 May 12, 2016 
most visible athletes in the world and serve as an inspiration and as role models to young athletes across the United States and worldwide; Whereas the members of the United States Women’s National Team, despite the inter-national success of the members, are consist-ently paid less than similarly situated mem-bers of the United States Men’s National Team for doing the same job, regardless of the performance of the teams; Whereas a woman in 1963 was paid on aver-age only 59 cents for each dollar paid to a male counterpart; Whereas, in 1963, Congress passed and President Kennedy signed the landmark Equal Pay Act of 1963 (29 U.S.C. 201 note; Public Law 88–38) (referred to in this pre-amble as the ‘‘Equal Pay Act’’), unequivo-cally affirming that women deserve equal pay for equal work; Whereas the enactment of the Equal Pay Act laid the groundwork for title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.) and title IX, which together vastly ex-panded opportunities for girls and women at school and work; Whereas the pay disparities suffered by the members of the United States Women’s Na-tional Team are reflective of the reality of many women in the United States who, more than 50 years after the enactment of the Equal Pay Act, still make on average only 79 cents for each dollar made by a male coun-terpart; Whereas those pay disparities exist in both the private and the public sectors and, in many instances, the pay disparities can only be due to continued intentional discrimina-tion or the lingering effects of past discrimi-nation; Whereas unequal pay on the basis of gender tells women and girls that, whether on the soccer field or in the office, the hard work of the women or girls is not valued equally to that of male counterparts; Whereas unequal pay on the basis of gender violates generally held beliefs regarding equality and fundamental fairness; Whereas the wage gap equals approxi-mately $10,762 less per year in median earn-ings for women and their families compared to men; Whereas, compared to the earnings of white, non-Hispanic men, women on average face a lifetime wage gap of $430,480, African- American women on average face a lifetime wage gap of $877,480, and Latinas on average face a lifetime wage gap of $1,007,080; and Whereas unequal pay on the basis of gender threatens the economic security of women and their families while the women are in the workforce and the retirement security of women after the women have left the work-force: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) urges the United States Soccer Federa-tion to immediately end gender pay inequity and to treat all athletes with the respect and dignity those athletes deserve; (2) supports an end to pay discrimination based on gender and the strengthening of equal pay protections; and (3) instructs the Secretary of the Senate to submit a copy of this resolution to the United States Soccer Federation. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 463—HON-ORING THE MEMORY AND SERV-ICE OF OMAHA POLICE OFFICER KERRIE OROZCO Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. S ASSE, and Mrs. E RNST ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: S. R ES. 463 Whereas Officer Kerrie Orozco bravely served the Omaha Police Department for 7 years as an officer and detective, working in the gang unit of the Omaha Police Depart-ment; Whereas Officer Orozco was a beloved wife, daughter, sister, and mother; Whereas Officer Orozco was a devoted pub-lic servant who engaged in many volunteer pursuits in Nebraska and Iowa, including youth sports, youth mentoring, and animal rescue; Whereas, as a parishioner of St. Joseph Church in Omaha, Officer Orozco was com-mitted to her Catholic faith; Whereas Officer Orozco was killed in the line of duty on May 20, 2015, while serving an arrest warrant on a suspect; and Whereas Officer Orozco was the first fe-male officer of the Omaha Police Depart-ment to be killed in the line of duty: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate honors the mem-ory and service of Omaha Police Officer Kerrie Orozco. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 464—COM-MEMORATING THE 75TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE ALASKA STATE TROOPERS Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 464 Whereas the 15th Alaska Territorial Legis-lature established the Territory of Alaska Highway Patrol in 1941 for the purpose of en-forcing traffic codes in the Territory of Alas-ka; Whereas the jurisdiction of the Alaska Highway Patrol was expanded in 1945 in re-sponse to the need for a full spectrum police agency in the Territory of Alaska to address crimes outside the jurisdiction of local po-lice departments; Whereas the Alaska Territorial Legislature created the Alaska Territorial Police in 1953, which became the Alaska State Police on the admission of Alaska to statehood; Whereas the Alaska State Police was re-named the Alaska State Troopers in 1967; Whereas, in 1972, Governor of Alaska Bill Egan assigned responsibility and authority for the protection of the fish and wildlife re-sources of Alaska to the Department of Pub-lic Safety, leading to the formation of the Alaska Wildlife Troopers, which is part of the Alaska State Troopers; Whereas Alaska is 
1⁄5the size of the contig-uous 48 States, consisting of— (1) 586,412 square miles of diverse terrain; (2) more than 3,000 rivers; (3) approximately 34,000 miles of coastline; and (4) over 200 communities, many of which are not connected to each other by a road; Whereas the daily responses to requests for law enforcement assistance presents unique challenges in Alaska seldom experienced in other States; Whereas through the use of airplanes, boats, snowmachines, helicopters, and all- terrain vehicles, the Alaska State Troopers are able to respond across vast areas of the Alaska wilderness, battling the extremes of climate and terrain, to ensure that each Alaskan receives an answer to a call for help; Whereas from the urban centers of Anchor-age and Fairbanks to the small, isolated vil-lages on the vast river systems in Alaska, the challenges of ensuring an effective law enforcement presence in Alaska are un-equaled anywhere in the world; Whereas the Alaska State Troopers part-ners with tribal organizations throughout Alaska to sponsor the Village Public Safety Officer program, which provides law enforce-ment, fire suppression, emergency medical, and search and rescue services to remote Alaska Native villages throughout the State of Alaska; Whereas the motto of the Alaska State Troopers is ‘‘Loyalty, Integrity, Courage, Compassion, Leadership, and Account-ability’’; Whereas the approximately 390 commis-sioned officers and 147 civilian personnel of the Alaska State Troopers have met the challenge of policing Alaska through their dedication, professionalism, and innovation; and Whereas 16 members of the Alaska State Troopers and predecessor agencies of the Alaska State Troopers and 2 Village Public Safety Officers have given their lives in the line of duty: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the Alaska State Troop-ers on its 75th anniversary; and (2) expresses appreciation to the commis-sioned officers and civilian personnel of the Alaska State Troopers and to the Village Public Safety Officers, who are the ‘‘first re-sponders of the last frontier’’, and to their families, for their service and sacrifice. f SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 37—RECOGNIZING THE GEORGE C. MARSHALL MUSEUM AND GEORGE C. MARSHALL RE-SEARCH LIBRARY IN LEX-INGTON, VIRGINIA, AS THE NA-TIONAL GEORGE C. MARSHALL MUSEUM AND LIBRARY Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. W
AR-
NER) submitted the following concur-rent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: 
S. C ON. RES. 37 Whereas General George C. Marshall served as Army Chief of Staff during World War II, Special Ambassador to China, Secretary of State, and Secretary of Defense; Whereas General George C. Marshall was promoted to General of the Army in 1944, one of only five Army five-star generals in the history of the United States; Whereas General George C. Marshall was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in 1946 for his military strategy and vital role during World War II; Whereas General George C. Marshall was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1953 for de-veloping the European economic recovery strategy known as the Marshall Plan; Whereas the George C. Marshall Founda-tion was established in 1953 and is devoted to preserving the legacy of General George C. Marshall through educational scholarship programs and facilities; Whereas the George C. Marshall Founda-tion opened the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library in 1964 in Lexington, Virginia, on the post of the Virginia Military Institute, which is the alma mater of General George C. Marshall; Whereas the George C. Marshall Museum educates the public about the military and diplomatic contributions of General George C. Marshall through extensive exhibits; and Whereas the George C. Marshall Research Library maintains the most comprehensive collection of records documenting the life and leadership of General George C. Mar-shall: Now, therefore, be it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.014 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2753 May 12, 2016 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress recog-nizes the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library in Lex-ington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I would like to recognize the George C. Mar-shall Foundation’s museum and library as the National George C. Marshall Mu-seum. General George C. Marshall was born in Uniontown, PA, to a Virginia family. He is a distant relative of Chief Justice John Marshall, the fourth Su-preme Court Justice of the United States. General Marshall graduated from the Virginia Military Institute in 1901 as senior first captain of the Corps of Cadets. General Marshall served in a variety of posts in the Philippines, the United States, France, and China, distin-guishing himself as a military leader. In 1939 he was named Chief of Staff by President Roosevelt and was respon-sible for building, supplying, and de-ploying over 8 million soldiers. Mar-shall also urged military readiness prior to the attack on Pearl Harbor. After World War II, President Tru-man sent General Marshall to China to broker a coalition government between the Nationalist allies under Genera-lissimo Chaing Kai-shek and the Com-munists under Mao Zedong. In 1946, General Marshall received the Congres-sional Gold Medal of Honor. President Truman appointed Marshall Secretary of State in 1947. In what became known as the Marshall Plan, as Secretary of State Marshall oversaw the post-war European economic recovery strategy. In 1953, General Marshall received the Nobel Peace Prize for his post-war work, the only career officer in the United States Army to ever receive this honor. The George C. Marshall Foundation was established in 1953 and officially opened in 1964. The Foundation’s mu-seum is located in Lexington, VA, and is dedicated to educating the public and the military and diplomatic career of General George C. Marshall. The foundation has devoted its mission to educating the public about the impor-tant contributions of General Marshall through its museum and research Li-brary. The Museum has five extensive exhibits and houses General Marshall’s Nobel Peace Prize. I am proud to submit this resolution which will recognize and honor General George C. Marshall. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3896. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. SA 3897. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. L EE(for himself, Mr. V
ITTER , Mr. C OTTON , and Mr. S
HELBY )) proposed an amendment to amend-ment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. KIRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra. SA 3898. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. N ELSON  (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO)) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra. SA 3899. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C ORNYN  (for himself, Mr. J
OHNSON , and Mr. R UBIO)) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra. SA 3900. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. B LUNT  (for himself, Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. L EAHY )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra. SA 3901. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. R
EED) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3902. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3903. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3904. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3905. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3906. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3907. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3908. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3896. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: DIVISION A—DEPARTMENTS OF TRANS-PORTATION, AND HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGEN-CIES The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Secretary, $116,396,000, of which not to ex-ceed $2,758,000 shall be available for the im-mediate Office of the Secretary; not to ex-ceed $1,040,000 shall be available for the im-mediate Office of the Deputy Secretary; not to exceed $20,772,000 shall be available for the Office of the General Counsel; not to exceed $11,108,000 shall be available for the Office of the Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy; not to exceed $16,020,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Sec-retary for Budget and Programs; not to ex-ceed $2,569,000 shall be available for the Of-fice of the Assistant Secretary for Govern-mental Affairs; not to exceed $30,054,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration; not to exceed $2,142,000 shall be available for the Office of Public Affairs; not to exceed $1,760,000 shall be available for the Office of the Executive Secretariat; not to exceed $11,089,000 shall be available for the Office of Intelligence, Secu-rity, and Emergency Response; and not to exceed $17,084,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Information Officer: Pro- vided, That the Secretary of Transportation is authorized to transfer funds appropriated for any office of the Office of the Secretary to any other office of the Office of the Sec-retary: Provided further, That no appropria-tion for any office shall be increased or de-creased by more than 5 percent by all such transfers: Provided further, That notice of any change in funding greater than 5 percent shall be submitted for approval to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That not to exceed $60,000 shall be for allocation within the Depart-ment for official reception and representa-tion expenses as the Secretary may deter-mine: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, excluding fees au-thorized in Public Law 107–71, there may be credited to this appropriation up to $2,500,000 in funds received in user fees: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for the position of As-sistant Secretary for Public Affairs. 
RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY  For necessary expenses related to the Of-fice of the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology, $13,044,000, of which $8,218,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That there may be credited to this appropriation, to be avail-able until expended, funds received from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred for training: Provided further, That any reference in law, regulation, judicial proceedings, or elsewhere to the Research and Innovative Technology Administration shall continue to be deemed to be a reference to the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology of the Department of Transportation. 
NATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENTS  For capital investments in surface trans-portation infrastructure, $525,000,000, to re-main available through September 30, 2020: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.017 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2754 May 12, 2016 
Provided, That the Secretary of Transpor-tation shall distribute funds provided under this heading as discretionary grants to be awarded to a State, local government, tran-sit agency, or a collaboration among such entities on a competitive basis for projects that will have a significant impact on the Nation, a metropolitan area, or a region: Provided further, That projects eligible for funding provided under this heading shall in-clude, but not be limited to, highway or bridge projects eligible under title 23, United States Code; public transportation projects eligible under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code; passenger and freight rail trans-portation projects; and port infrastructure investments (including inland port infra-structure and land ports of entry): Provided further, That the Secretary may use up to 20 percent of the funds made available under this heading for the purpose of paying the subsidy and administrative costs of projects eligible for Federal credit assistance under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code, if the Secretary finds that such use of the funds would advance the purposes of this paragraph: Provided further, That in distrib-uting funds provided under this heading, the Secretary shall take such measures so as to ensure an equitable geographic distribution of funds, an appropriate balance in address-ing the needs of urban and rural areas, and the investment in a variety of transpor-tation modes: Provided further, That a grant funded under this heading shall be not less than $5,000,000 and not greater than $25,000,000: Provided further, That not more than 10 percent of the funds made available under this heading may be awarded to projects in a single State: Provided further, That the Federal share of the costs for which an expenditure is made under this heading shall be, at the option of the recipient, up to 80 percent: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall give priority to projects that re-quire a contribution of Federal funds in order to complete an overall financing pack-age: Provided further, That not less than 30 percent of the funds provided under this heading shall be for projects located in rural areas: Provided further, That for projects lo-cated in rural areas, the minimum grant size shall be $1,000,000 and the Secretary may in-crease the Federal share of costs above 80 percent: Provided further, That projects con-ducted using funds provided under this head-ing must comply with the requirements of subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code: Provided further, That the Secretary shall conduct a new competi-tion to select the grants and credit assist-ance awarded under this heading: Provided further, That the Secretary may retain up to $20,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading, and may transfer portions of those funds to the Administrators of the Federal Highway Administration, the Federal Tran-sit Administration, the Federal Railroad Ad-ministration and the Maritime Administra-tion, to fund the award and oversight of grants and credit assistance made under the National Infrastructure Investments pro-gram. 
NATIONAL SURFACE TRANSPORTATION AND  
INNOVATIVE FINANCE BUREAU  For necessary expenses for the establish-ment and administration of a new National Surface Transportation and Innovative Fi-nance Bureau (the Bureau) within the Office of the Secretary of Transportation, $3,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That the Secretary of Transportation shall use such amount for the necessary expenses to establish the Bu-reau and to fulfill the responsibilities of the Bureau, as detailed in section 9001 of the Fix-ing America’s Surface Transportation (FAST) Act (Public Law 114–94) (49 U.S.C. 116): Provided further, That the Secretary is required to receive the advance approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appro-priations prior to exercising the authorities of 49 U.S.C. 116(h): Provided further, That the program be available to other Federal agen-cies, States, municipalities and project spon-sors seeking Federal transportation exper-tise in obtaining financing. FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT CAPITAL  For necessary expenses for upgrading and enhancing the Department of Transpor-tation’s financial systems and re-engineering business processes, $4,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2018. 
CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVES  For necessary expenses for cyber security initiatives, including necessary upgrades to wide area network and information tech-nology infrastructure, improvement of net-work perimeter controls and identity man-agement, testing and assessment of informa-tion technology against business, security, and other requirements, implementation of Federal cyber security initiatives and infor-mation infrastructure enhancements, imple-mentation of enhanced security controls on network devices, $15,000,000, to remain avail-able through September 30, 2018. 
OFFICE OF CIVIL RIGHTS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Civil Rights, $9,751,000. 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING , RESEARCH , AND 
DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses for conducting transportation planning, research, systems development, development activities, and making grants, to remain available until ex-pended, $12,043,000: Provided, That of such amount, $3,000,000 shall be for necessary ex-penses of the Interagency Infrastructure Per-mitting Improvement Center (IIPIC): Pro- vided further, That there may be transferred to this appropriation, to remain available until expended, amounts from other Federal agencies for expenses incurred under this heading for IIPIC activities not related to transportation infrastructure: Provided fur-ther, That the tools and analysis developed by the IIPIC shall be available to other Fed-eral agencies for the permitting and review of major infrastructure projects not related to transportation to the extent that other Federal agencies provide funding to the De-partment as provided for under the previous proviso. 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND  For necessary expenses for operating costs and capital outlays of the Working Capital Fund, not to exceed $190,389,000 shall be paid from appropriations made available to the Department of Transportation: Provided, That such services shall be provided on a competitive basis to entities within the De-partment of Transportation: Provided further, That the above limitation on operating ex-penses shall not apply to non-DOT entities: Provided further, That no funds appropriated in this Act to an agency of the Department shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund without majority approval of the Working Capital Fund Steering Committee and approval of the Secretary: Provided fur-ther, That no assessments may be levied against any program, budget activity, sub-activity or project funded by this Act unless notice of such assessments and the basis therefor are presented to the House and Sen-ate Committees on Appropriations and are approved by such Committees. 
MINORITY BUSINESS RESOURCE CENTER  
PROGRAM  For the cost of guaranteed loans, $339,000, as authorized by 49 U.S.C. 332: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Pro- vided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $18,367,000. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the guaranteed loan program, $602,000. SMALL AND DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS  
UTILIZATION AND OUTREACH  For the necessary expenses to establish Small and Disadvantaged Business Utiliza-tion and Outreach, that will ensure small and disadvantaged business policies of the Secretary of Transportation are developed and implemented in a fair, efficient and ef-fective manner, $4,646,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2018: Provided, That notwithstanding 49 U.S.C. 332, these funds may be used for business opportunities re-lated to any mode of transportation. 
PAYMENTS TO AIR CARRIERS  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  In addition to funds made available from any other source to carry out the essential air service program under 49 U.S.C. 41731 through 41742, $150,000,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That in determining between or among car-riers competing to provide service to a com-munity, the Secretary may consider the rel-ative subsidy requirements of the carriers: Provided further, That basic essential air service minimum requirements shall not in-clude the 15-passenger capacity requirement under subsection 41732(b)(3) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That none of the funds in this Act or any other Act shall be used to enter into a new con-tract with a community located less than 40 miles from the nearest small hub airport be-fore the Secretary has negotiated with the community over a local cost share: Provided further, That amounts authorized to be dis-tributed for the essential air service program under subsection 41742(b) of title 49, United States Code, shall be made available imme-diately from amounts otherwise provided to the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration: Provided further, That the Administrator may reimburse such amounts from fees credited to the account established under section 45303 of title 49, United States Code. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —OFFICE OF THE  
SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION  S
EC. 101. None of the funds made available in this Act to the Department of Transpor-tation may be obligated for the Office of the Secretary of Transportation to approve as-sessments or reimbursable agreements per-taining to funds appropriated to the modal administrations in this Act, except for ac-tivities underway on the date of enactment of this Act, unless such assessments or agreements have completed the normal re-programming process for Congressional noti-fication. S
EC. 102. Notwithstanding section 3324 of title 31, United States Code, in addition to authority provided by section 327 of title 49, United States Code, the Department’s Work-ing Capital Fund is hereby authorized to pro-vide payments in advance to vendors that are necessary to carry out the Federal tran-sit pass transportation fringe benefit pro-gram under Executive Order 13150 and sec-tion 3049 of Public Law 109–59: Provided, That the Department shall include adequate safe-guards in the contract with the vendors to ensure timely and high-quality performance under the contract. S
EC. 103. The Secretary shall post on the Web site of the Department of Transpor-tation a schedule of all meetings of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2755 May 12, 2016 
Council on Credit and Finance, including the agenda for each meeting, and require the Council on Credit and Finance to record the decisions and actions of each meeting. F
EDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  For necessary expenses of the Federal Aviation Administration, not otherwise pro-vided for, including operations and research activities related to commercial space trans-portation, administrative expenses for re-search and development, establishment of air navigation facilities, the operation (in-cluding leasing) and maintenance of aircraft, subsidizing the cost of aeronautical charts and maps sold to the public, lease or pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only, in addition to amounts made available by Public Law 112–95, $10,048,352,000 of which $9,190,000,000 shall be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, of which not to exceed $7,593,785,000 shall be available for air traffic organization activities; not to exceed $1,286,982,000 shall be available for aviation safety activities; not to exceed $19,826,000 shall be available for commercial space transportation activities; not to exceed $771,342,000 shall be available for finance and management activities; not to exceed $60,155,000 shall be available for NextGen and operations planning activities; not to exceed $107,161,000 shall be available for security and hazardous materials safety; and not to exceed $209,101,000 shall be avail-able for staff offices: Provided, That not to exceed 2 percent of any budget activity, ex-cept for aviation safety budget activity, may be transferred to any budget activity under this heading: Provided further, That no trans-fer may increase or decrease any appropria-tion by more than 2 percent: Provided further, That any transfer in excess of 2 percent shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 405 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure ex-cept in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That not later than March 31 of each fiscal year hereafter, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall transmit to Congress an annual update to the report sub-mitted to Congress in December 2004 pursu-ant to section 221 of Public Law 108–176: Pro- vided further, That not later than March 31 of each fiscal year hereafter, the Administrator shall transmit to Congress a companion re-port that describes a comprehensive strategy for staffing, hiring, and training flight stand-ards and aircraft certification staff in a for-mat similar to the one utilized for the con-troller staffing plan, including stated attri-tion estimates and numerical hiring goals by fiscal year: Provided further, That the amount herein appropriated shall be reduced by $100,000 per day for each day after March 31 that such report has not been submitted to Congress: Provided further, That funds may be used to enter into a grant agreement with a nonprofit standard-setting organiza-tion to assist in the development of aviation safety standards: Provided further, That none of the funds in this Act shall be available for new applicants for the second career training program: Provided further, That none of the funds in this Act shall be available for the Federal Aviation Administration to finalize or implement any regulation that would pro-mulgate new aviation user fees not specifi-cally authorized by law after the date of the enactment of this Act: Provided further, That there may be credited to this appropriation, as offsetting collections, funds received from States, counties, municipalities, foreign au-thorities, other public authorities, and pri-vate sources for expenses incurred in the pro-vision of agency services, including receipts for the maintenance and operation of air navigation facilities, and for issuance, re-newal or modification of certificates, includ-ing airman, aircraft, and repair station cer-tificates, or for tests related thereto, or for processing major repair or alteration forms: Provided further, That of the funds appro-priated under this heading, not less than $159,000,000 shall be for the contract tower program, including the contract tower cost share program: Provided further, That none of the funds in this Act for aeronautical chart-ing and cartography are available for activi-ties conducted by, or coordinated through, the Working Capital Fund: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available by this Act or any other Act may be used to eliminate the Con-tract Weather Observers program at any air-port. 
FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for acquisition, establishment, technical support services, improvement by contract or purchase, and hire of national airspace systems and experimental facilities and equipment, as authorized under part A of subtitle VII of title 49, United States Code, including initial acquisition of necessary sites by lease or grant; engineering and serv-ice testing, including construction of test fa-cilities and acquisition of necessary sites by lease or grant; construction and furnishing of quarters and related accommodations for officers and employees of the Federal Avia-tion Administration stationed at remote lo-calities where such accommodations are not available; and the purchase, lease, or trans-fer of aircraft from funds available under this heading, including aircraft for aviation regulation and certification; to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, $2,838,000,000, of which $489,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2017, and $2,349,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That there may be credited to this appropriation funds re-ceived from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources, for expenses incurred in the establishment, improvement, and modernization of national airspace systems: Provided further, That no later than March 31, the Secretary of Trans-portation shall transmit to the Congress an investment plan for the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration which includes funding for each budget line item for fiscal years 2018 through 2022, with total funding for each year of the plan constrained to the funding targets for those years as estimated and approved by the Office of Management and Budget: Pro- vided further, That the amount herein appro-priated shall be reduced by $100,000 per day for each day after March 31 that such report has not been submitted to Congress. 
RESEARCH , ENGINEERING , AND DEVELOPMENT  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for research, engineering, and de-velopment, as authorized under part A of subtitle VII of title 49, United States Code, including construction of experimental fa-cilities and acquisition of necessary sites by lease or grant, $176,002,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund and to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That there may be credited to this appropriation as offsetting collections, funds received from States, counties, municipali-ties, other public authorities, and private sources, which shall be available for ex-penses incurred for research, engineering, and development. GRANTS -IN-AID FOR AIRPORTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For liquidation of obligations incurred for grants-in-aid for airport planning and devel-opment, and noise compatibility planning and programs as authorized under sub-chapter I of chapter 471 and subchapter I of chapter 475 of title 49, United States Code, and under other law authorizing such obliga-tions; for procurement, installation, and commissioning of runway incursion preven-tion devices and systems at airports of such title; for grants authorized under section 41743 of title 49, United States Code; and for inspection activities and administration of airport safety programs, including those re-lated to airport operating certificates under section 44706 of title 49, United States Code, $3,750,000,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund and to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That none of the funds under this heading shall be avail-able for the planning or execution of pro-grams the obligations for which are in excess of $3,350,000,000 in fiscal year 2017, notwith-standing section 47117(g) of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That none of the funds under this heading shall be avail-able for the replacement of baggage con-veyor systems, reconfiguration of terminal baggage areas, or other airport improve-ments that are necessary to install bulk ex-plosive detection systems: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 47109(a) of title 49, United States Code, the Govern-ment’s share of allowable project costs under paragraph (2) for subgrants or paragraph (3) of that section shall be 95 percent for a project at other than a large or medium hub airport that is a successive phase of a multi- phased construction project for which the project sponsor received a grant in fiscal year 2011 for the construction project: Pro- vided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, of funds limited under this heading, not more than $107,691,000 shall be available for administration, not less than $15,000,000 shall be available for the Airport Cooperative Research Program, not less than $31,375,000 shall be available for Airport Technology Research, and $10,000,000, to re-main available until expended, shall be available and transferred to ‘‘Office of the Secretary, Salaries and Expenses’’ to carry out the Small Community Air Service Devel-opment Program: Provided further, That in addition to airports eligible under section 41743 of title 49, such program may include the participation of an airport that serves a community or consortium that is not larger than a small hub airport, according to FAA hub classifications effective at the time the Office of the Secretary issues a request for proposals. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
AVIATION ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 110. None of the funds in this Act may be used to compensate in excess of 600 tech-nical staff-years under the federally funded research and development center contract between the Federal Aviation Administra-tion and the Center for Advanced Aviation Systems Development during fiscal year 2017. S
EC. 111. None of the funds in this Act shall be used to pursue or adopt guidelines or reg-ulations requiring airport sponsors to pro-vide to the Federal Aviation Administration without cost building construction, mainte-nance, utilities and expenses, or space in air-port sponsor-owned buildings for services re-lating to air traffic control, air navigation, or weather reporting: Provided, That the pro-hibition of funds in this section does not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2756 May 12, 2016 
apply to negotiations between the agency and airport sponsors to achieve agreement on ‘‘below-market’’ rates for these items or to grant assurances that require airport sponsors to provide land without cost to the FAA for air traffic control facilities. S
EC. 112. The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration may reimburse amounts made available to satisfy 49 U.S.C. 41742(a)(1) from fees credited under 49 U.S.C. 45303 and any amount remaining in such ac-count at the close of that fiscal year shall be made available to satisfy section 41742(a)(1) for the subsequent fiscal year. S
EC. 113. Amounts collected under section 40113(e) of title 49, United States Code, shall be credited to the appropriation current at the time of collection, to be merged with and available for the same purposes of such ap-propriation. S
EC. 114. None of the funds in this Act shall be available for paying premium pay under subsection 5546(a) of title 5, United States Code, to any Federal Aviation Administra-tion employee unless such employee actually performed work during the time cor-responding to such premium pay. S
EC. 115. None of the funds in this Act may be obligated or expended for an employee of the Federal Aviation Administration to pur-chase a store gift card or gift certificate through use of a Government-issued credit card. S
EC. 116. The Secretary shall apportion to the sponsor of an airport that received scheduled or unscheduled air service from a large certified air carrier (as defined in part 241 of title 14 Code of Federal Regulations, or such other regulations as may be issued by the Secretary under the authority of section 41709) an amount equal to the minimum ap-portionment specified in 49 U.S.C. 47114(c), if the Secretary determines that airport had more than 10,000 passenger boardings in the preceding calendar year, based on data sub-mitted to the Secretary under part 241 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 117. None of the funds in this Act may be obligated or expended for retention bo-nuses for an employee of the Federal Avia-tion Administration without the prior writ-ten approval of the Assistant Secretary for Administration of the Department of Trans-portation. S
EC. 118. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds made available under this Act or any prior Act may be used to implement or to continue to implement any limitation on the ability of any owner or operator of a private aircraft to obtain, upon a request to the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration, a blocking of that owner’s or operator’s aircraft registra-tion number from any display of the Federal Aviation Administration’s Aircraft Situa-tional Display to Industry data that is made available to the public, except data made available to a Government agency, for the noncommercial flights of that owner or oper-ator. S
EC. 119. None of the funds in this Act shall be available for salaries and expenses of more than nine political and Presidential ap-pointees in the Federal Aviation Administra-tion. S
EC. 119A. None of the funds made avail-able under this Act may be used to increase fees pursuant to section 44721 of title 49, United States Code, until the Federal Avia-tion Administration provides to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations a report that justifies all fees related to aero-nautical navigation products and explains how such fees are consistent with Executive Order 13642. S
EC. 119B. None of the funds in this Act may be used to close a regional operations center of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion or reduce its services unless the Admin-istrator notifies the House and Senate Com-mittees on Appropriations not less than 90 full business days in advance. SEC. 119C. None of the funds appropriated or limited by this Act may be used to change weight restrictions or prior permission rules at Teterboro airport in Teterboro, New Jer-sey. S
EC. 119D. None of the funds provided under this Act may be used by the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion to withhold from consideration and ap-proval any application for participation in the Contract Tower Program, pending as of January 1, 2016, including applications from Cost-share Program participants if the Ad-ministrator determines such tower is eligible under the criteria set forth in the Federal Aviation report, Establishment and Dis-continuance Criteria for Airport Traffic Con-trol Towers (FAA–APO–90–7). S
EC. 119E. For fiscal year 2017, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall apportion to the sponsor of a primary airport under sec-tion 47114(c)(1)(A) of title 49, United States Code, an amount based on the number of pas-senger boardings at the airport during cal-endar year 2012 if the airport had— (1) fewer than 10,000 passenger boardings during the calendar year used to calculate the apportionment for fiscal year 2017 under section 116; and (2) 10,000 or more passenger boardings dur-ing calendar year 2012. S
EC. 119F. Section 47109(c)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘The Government’s share of allow-able project costs determined under this sub-section shall not exceed the lesser of 93.75 percent or the highest percentage Govern-ment share applicable to any project in any State under subsection (b), except that at a primary non-hub and non-primary commer-cial service airport located in a State as set forth in paragraph (1) of this subsection that is within 15 miles of another State as set forth in paragraph (1) of this subsection, the Government’s share shall be an average of the Government share applicable to any project in each of the States.’’. S
EC. 119G. Section 911 of the FAA Mod-ernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95) is amended by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) C
OLLABORATION AND REPORTING .— ‘‘(1) The Administrator, in coordination with NASA, the Department of Energy, U.S. Department of Agriculture, and after con-sultation with other relevant agencies shall develop a joint plan to carry out the re-search under subsection (a) and report back to Congress within 180 days. ‘‘(2) The Administrator, in coordination with the Administrator of NASA, the Sec-retary of Energy, and the Secretary of Agri-culture, shall continue research and develop-ment activities into the development and de-ployment of jet fuels as outlined in sub-section (a).’’. S
EC. 119H. Section 332(c) of the FAA Mod-ernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN FLIGHT TEST FA -
CILITIES .—The Administrator shall expand the program established under paragraph (1) to permit projects under the program to be carried out at any public entity authorized by the Federal Aviation Administration as an unmanned aircraft system flight test cen-ter before January 1, 2009.’’. S
EC. 119I. Notwithstanding Section 40117(b)(1) of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary of Transportation may authorize use of a passenger facility charge to finance an eligible airport-related project if the eli-gible agency seeking to impose the new charge controls an airport where a $2 pas-senger facility charge became effective on January 1, 2013; and the airport where the passenger facility charge is collected and the airport at which the project will be carried out were under the control of the same eligi-ble agency on October 1, 2015. FEDERAL HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION  
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  Not to exceed $433,295,000, together with advances and reimbursements received by the Federal Highway Administration, shall be obligated for necessary expenses for ad-ministration and operation of the Federal Highway Administration. In addition, not to exceed $2,500,000 shall be transferred to the Appalachian Regional Commission in accord-ance with section 104(a) of title 23, United States Code. 
FEDERAL -AID HIGHWAYS  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  Funds available for the implementation or execution of Federal-aid highway and high-way safety construction programs author-ized under titles 23 and 49, United States Code, and the provisions of the Fixing Amer-ica’s Surface Transportation Act shall not exceed total obligations of $43,266,100,000 for fiscal year 2017: Provided, That the Secretary may collect and spend fees, as authorized by title 23, United States Code, to cover the costs of services of expert firms, including counsel, in the field of municipal and project finance to assist in the underwriting and servicing of Federal credit instruments and all or a portion of the costs to the Federal Government of servicing such credit instru-ments: Provided further, That such fees are available until expended to pay for such costs: Provided further, That such amounts are in addition to administrative expenses that are also available for such purpose, and are not subject to any obligation limitation or the limitation on administrative expenses under section 608 of title 23, United States Code. 
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For the payment of obligations incurred in carrying out Federal-aid highway and high-way safety construction programs author-ized under title 23, United States Code, $44,005,100,000 derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count), to remain available until expended. 
(RESCISSION)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  Of the unobligated balances of funds appor-tioned among the States under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, a total of $2,211,000,000 is hereby rescinded: Provided, That such rescission shall not apply to funds distributed in accordance with sections 104(b)(3) and 130(f) of title 23, United States Code; section 133(d)(1)(A) of such title; the first sentence of section 133(d)(3)(A) of such title, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112– 141); sections 133(d)(1) and 163 of such title, as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109–59); and section 104(b)(5) of such title, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141): Provided fur-ther, That such rescission shall not apply to funds that are exempt from the obligation limitation or subject to special no-year obli-gation limitation: Provided further, That the amount to be rescinded from a State shall be determined by multiplying the total amount of the rescission by the ratio that the unobli-gated balances subject to the rescission as of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2757 May 12, 2016 
September 30, 2016, for the State; bears to the unobligated balances subject to the re-scission as of September 30, 2016, for all States: Provided further, That the amount to be rescinded under this section from each program to which the rescission applies within a State shall be determined by multi-plying the rescission amount calculated for such State by the ratio that the unobligated balance as of September 30, 2016, for such program in such State; bears to the unobli-gated balances as of September 30, 2016, for all programs to which the rescission applies in such State. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 120. (a) For fiscal year 2017, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall— (1) not distribute from the obligation limi-tation for Federal-aid highways— (A) amounts authorized for administrative expenses and programs by section 104(a) of title 23, United States Code; and (B) amounts authorized for the Bureau of Transportation Statistics; (2) not distribute an amount from the obli-gation limitation for Federal-aid highways that is equal to the unobligated balance of amounts— (A) made available from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count) for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs for previous fiscal years the funds for which are allocated by the Secretary (or apportioned by the Sec-retary under sections 202 or 204 of title 23, United States Code); and (B) for which obligation limitation was provided in a previous fiscal year; (3) determine the proportion that— (A) the obligation limitation for Federal- aid highways, less the aggregate of amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection; bears to (B) the total of the sums authorized to be appropriated for the Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs (other than sums authorized to be appro-priated for provisions of law described in paragraphs (1) through (11) of subsection (b) and sums authorized to be appropriated for section 119 of title 23, United States Code, equal to the amount referred to in sub-section (b)(12) for such fiscal year), less the aggregate of the amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this sub-section; (4) distribute the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways, less the aggregate amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2), for each of the programs (other than programs to which paragraph (1) ap-plies) that are allocated by the Secretary under the Fixing America’s Surface Trans-portation Act and title 23, United States Code, or apportioned by the Secretary under sections 202 or 204 of that title, by multi-plying— (A) the proportion determined under para-graph (3); by (B) the amounts authorized to be appro-priated for each such program for such fiscal year; and (5) distribute the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways, less the aggregate amounts not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) and the amounts distributed under paragraph (4), for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs that are apportioned by the Secretary under title 23, United States Code (other than the amounts apportioned for the National High-way Performance Program in section 119 of title 23, United States Code, that are exempt from the limitation under subsection (b)(12) and the amounts apportioned under sections 202 and 204 of that title) in the proportion that— (A) amounts authorized to be appropriated for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to each State for such fiscal year; bears to (B) the total of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to all States for such fiscal year. (b) EXCEPTIONS FROM OBLIGATION LIMITA -
TION.—The obligation limitation for Federal- aid highways shall not apply to obligations under or for— (1) section 125 of title 23, United States Code; (2) section 147 of the Surface Transpor-tation Assistance Act of 1978 (23 U.S.C. 144 note; 92 Stat. 2714); (3) section 9 of the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1981 (95 Stat. 1701); (4) subsections (b) and (j) of section 131 of the Surface Transportation Assistance Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 2119); (5) subsections (b) and (c) of section 149 of the Surface Transportation and Uniform Re-location Assistance Act of 1987 (101 Stat. 198); (6) sections 1103 through 1108 of the Inter-modal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2027); (7) section 157 of title 23, United States Code (as in effect on June 8, 1998); (8) section 105 of title 23, United States Code (as in effect for fiscal years 1998 through 2004, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); (9) Federal-aid highway programs for which obligation authority was made avail-able under the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (112 Stat. 107) or subse-quent Acts for multiple years or to remain available until expended, but only to the ex-tent that the obligation authority has not lapsed or been used; (10) section 105 of title 23, United States Code (as in effect for fiscal years 2005 through 2012, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); (11) section 1603 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 118 note; 119 Stat. 1248), to the extent that funds obligated in accordance with that sec-tion were not subject to a limitation on obli-gations at the time at which the funds were initially made available for obligation; and (12) section 119 of title 23, United States Code (but, for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2017, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000). (c) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF UNUSED OBLIGATION  A
UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Secretary shall, after August 1 of such fiscal year— (1) revise a distribution of the obligation limitation made available under subsection (a) if an amount distributed cannot be obli-gated during that fiscal year; and (2) redistribute sufficient amounts to those States able to obligate amounts in addition to those previously distributed during that fiscal year, giving priority to those States having large unobligated balances of funds apportioned under sections 144 (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of Public Law 112–141) and 104 of title 23, United States Code. (d) A
PPLICABILITY OF OBLIGATION LIMITA -
TIONS TO TRANSPORTATION RESEARCH PRO-
GRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the obligation limitation for Federal-aid highways shall apply to contract authority for transportation research pro-grams carried out under— (A) chapter 5 of title 23, United States Code; and (B) title VI of the Fixing America’s Sur-face Transportation Act. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Obligation authority made available under paragraph (1) shall— (A) remain available for a period of 4 fiscal years; and (B) be in addition to the amount of any limitation imposed on obligations for Fed-eral-aid highway and highway safety con-struction programs for future fiscal years. (e) REDISTRIBUTION OF CERTAIN AUTHORIZED  F
UNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of distribution of obligation limitation under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall distribute to the States any funds (excluding funds authorized for the program under section 202 of title 23, United States Code) that— (A) are authorized to be appropriated for such fiscal year for Federal-aid highway pro-grams; and (B) the Secretary determines will not be allocated to the States (or will not be appor-tioned to the States under section 204 of title 23, United States Code), and will not be available for obligation, for such fiscal year because of the imposition of any obligation limitation for such fiscal year. (2) R
ATIO.—Funds shall be distributed under paragraph (1) in the same proportion as the distribution of obligation authority under subsection (a)(5). (3) A
VAILABILITY .—Funds distributed to each State under paragraph (1) shall be available for any purpose described in sec-tion 133(b) of title 23, United States Code. S
EC. 121. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, funds received by the Bureau of Transpor-tation Statistics from the sale of data prod-ucts, for necessary expenses incurred pursu-ant to chapter 63 of title 49, United States Code, may be credited to the Federal-aid highways account for the purpose of reim-bursing the Bureau for such expenses: Pro- vided, That such funds shall be subject to the obligation limitation for Federal-aid high-way and highway safety construction pro-grams. S
EC. 122. Not less than 15 days prior to waiving, under his or her statutory author-ity, any Buy America requirement for Fed-eral-aid highways projects, the Secretary of Transportation shall make an informal pub-lic notice and comment opportunity on the intent to issue such waiver and the reasons therefor: Provided, That the Secretary shall provide an annual report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations on any waivers granted under the Buy America requirements. S
EC. 123. None of the funds in this Act to the Department of Transportation may be used to provide credit assistance unless not less than 3 days before any application ap-proval to provide credit assistance under sec-tions 603 and 604 of title 23, United States Code, the Secretary of Transportation pro-vides notification in writing to the following committees: the House and Senate Commit-tees on Appropriations; the Committee on Environment and Public Works and the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing and Urban Af-fairs of the Senate; and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives: Provided, That such notification shall include, but not be limited to, the name of the project sponsor; a description of the project; whether credit assistance will be provided as a direct loan, loan guarantee, or line of credit; and the amount of credit assistance. S
EC. 124. (a) A State or territory, as defined in section 165 of title 23, United States Code, may, hereafter, use for any project eligible under section 133(b) of title 23 or section 165 of title 23 and located within the boundary of the State or territory any earmarked amount, and any associated obligation limi-tation, provided that the Department of Transportation for the State or territory for which the earmarked amount was originally 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2758 May 12, 2016 
designated or directed notifies the Secretary of Transportation of its intent to use its au-thority under this section and submits a quarterly report to the Secretary identifying the projects to which the funding would be applied. Notwithstanding the original period of availability of funds to be obligated under this section, such funds and associated obli-gation limitation shall remain available for obligation for a period of 3 fiscal years after the fiscal year in which the Secretary of Transportation is notified. The Federal share of the cost of a project carried out with funds made available under this section shall be the same as associated with the earmark. (b) In this section, the term ‘‘earmarked amount’’ means— (1) congressionally directed spending, as defined in rule XLIV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, identified in a prior law, re-port, or joint explanatory statement, which was authorized to be appropriated or appro-priated more than 10 fiscal years prior to the current fiscal year, and administered by the Federal Highway Administration; or (2) a congressional earmark, as defined in rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives identified in a prior law, report, or joint explanatory statement, which was authorized to be appropriated or appro-priated more than 10 fiscal years prior to the current fiscal year, and administered by the Federal Highway Administration. (c) The authority under subsection (a) may be exercised only for those projects or activi-ties that have obligated less than 10 percent of the amount made available for obligation as of October 1 of the current fiscal year, and shall be applied to projects within the same general geographic area within 50 miles for which the funding was designated, except that a State or territory may apply such au-thority to unexpended balances of funds from projects or activities the State or territory certifies have been closed and for which pay-ments have been made under a final voucher. (d) The Secretary shall— (1) for fiscal year 2017, submit consolidated reports of the information provided by the States and territories each quarter to the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions; and (2) for fiscal year 2018 and thereafter, post such information annually on the Depart-ment’s public Web site. S
EC. 125. None of the funds in this Act may be used to make a grant for a project under section 117 of title 23, United States Code, unless the Secretary, at least 60 days before making a grant under that section, provides written notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations of the pro-posed grant, including an evaluation and jus-tification for the project and the amount of the proposed grant award. S
EC. 126. (a) I DENTIFICATION OF HIGHPRI-
ORITY CORRIDORS ON NATIONAL HIGHWAY SYS-
TEM.—Section 1105(c) of the Intermodal Sur-face Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(89) United State Route 67 from Interstate 40 in North Little Rock, Arkansas, to United States Route 412.’’. (b) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN ROUTE SEGMENTS  
ON INTERSTATE SYSTEM .—Section 1105(e)(5)(A) of the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘and subsection (c)(83)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (c)(83), and subsection (c)(89)’’. (c) D
ESIGNATION .—Section 1105(e)(5)(C)(i) of the Intermodal Surface Transportation Effi-ciency Act of 1991 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The route referred to in subsection (c)(89) is designated as Interstate Route I–57’’. FEDERAL MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY  A
DMINISTRATION  
MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY OPERATIONS AND  
PROGRAMS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For payment of obligations incurred in the implementation, execution and administra-tion of motor carrier safety operations and programs pursuant to section 31110 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, $277,200,000, to be derived from the High-way Trust Fund (other than the Mass Tran-sit Account), together with advances and re-imbursements received by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, the sum of which shall remain available until expended: Provided, That funds available for implemen-tation, execution or administration of motor carrier safety operations and programs au-thorized under title 49, United States Code, shall not exceed total obligations of $277,200,000 for ‘‘Motor Carrier Safety Oper-ations and Programs’’ for fiscal year 2017, of which $9,180,000, to remain available for obli-gation until September 30, 2019, is for the re-search and technology program. 
MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY GRANTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For payment of obligations incurred in carrying out sections 31102, 31103, 31104, and 31313 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, $367,000,000, to be de-rived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) and to re-main available until expended: Provided, That funds available for the implementation or execution of motor carrier safety pro-grams shall not exceed total obligations of $367,000,000 in fiscal year 2017 for ‘‘Motor Car-rier Safety Grants’’; of which $292,600,000 shall be available for the motor carrier safe-ty assistance program, $31,200,000 shall be available for the commercial driver’s license program implementation program, $42,200,000 shall be available for the high priority ac-tivities program, and $1,000,000 shall be avail-able for the commercial motor vehicle oper-ator grant program. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL MOTOR  
CARRIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 130. Funds appropriated or limited in this Act shall be subject to the terms and conditions stipulated in section 350 of Public Law 107–87 and section 6901 of Public Law 110–28. S
EC. 131. Section 133 of division L, title I of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016, Public Law 114–113, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) None of the funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available by this Act or any other Act may be used to implement, admin-ister, or enforce the requirement for two off- duty periods from 1:00 a.m. to 5:00 a.m. under subsection 395.3(c) or the restriction on use of more than one restart during a 168-hour period under subsection 395.3(d) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, and such provi-sions shall have no force or effect as of the date of submission of the final report issued by the Secretary of Transportation, as re-quired by section 133 of division K of Public Law 113–235, unless the Secretary and the In-spector General of the Department of Trans-portation each review and determine that the final report— ‘‘(1) meets the statutory requirements set forth in such section; and ‘‘(2) establishes that commercial motor ve-hicle drivers who operated under the restart provisions in operational effect between July 1, 2013, and the day before the date of enact-ment of such Public Law demonstrated sta-tistically significant improvement in all out-comes related to safety, operator fatigue, driver health and longevity, and work sched-ules, in comparison to commercial motor ve-hicle drivers who operated under the restart provisions in operational effect on June 30, 2013. ‘‘(b) If the Secretary and Inspector General do not each make the determination re-quired by subsection (a), the 34-hour restart rule in operational effect on June 30, 2013, shall be restored to full force and effect on the date the Secretary submits the final re-port to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations, and funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act shall be available to implement, administer, or enforce such rule. ‘‘(c) If the 34-hour restart rule in oper-ational effect on June 30, 2013, is restored to full force and effect pursuant to subsection (b), a driver who uses that restart rule may not drive after being on duty more than 73 hours in any period of 7 consecutive days, where the 7-day measurement period moves forward 1 day at midnight each day.’’. NATIONAL HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY  A
DMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS AND RESEARCH  For expenses necessary to discharge the functions of the Secretary, with respect to traffic and highway safety authorized under chapter 301 and part C of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, $160,075,000, of which $20,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2018. 
OPERATIONS AND RESEARCH  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For payment of obligations incurred in carrying out the provisions of 23 U.S.C. 403, and chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code, $145,900,000, to be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) and to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds in this Act shall be available for the planning or execution of programs the total obligations for which, in fiscal year 2017, are in excess of $145,900,000, of which $140,700,000 shall be for programs authorized under 23 U.S.C. 403 and $5,200,000 shall be for the Na-tional Driver Register authorized under chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That within the $145,900,000 obligation limitation for operations and re-search, $20,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018, and shall be in addi-tion to the amount of any limitation im-posed on obligations for future years. 
HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY GRANTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For payment of obligations incurred in carrying out provisions of 23 U.S.C. 402, 404, and 405, and section 4001(a)(6) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, to re-main available until expended, $585,372,000, to be derived from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): Pro- vided, That none of the funds in this Act shall be available for the planning or execu-tion of programs the total obligations for which, in fiscal year 2017, are in excess of $585,372,000 for programs authorized under 23 U.S.C. 402, 404, and 405, and section 4001(a)(6) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transpor-tation Act, of which $252,300,000 shall be for ‘‘Highway Safety Programs’’ under 23 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2759 May 12, 2016 
402; $277,500,000 shall be for ‘‘National Pri-ority Safety Programs’’ under 23 U.S.C. 405; $29,500,000 shall be for ‘‘High Visibility En-forcement Program’’ under 23 U.S.C. 404; $26,072,000 shall be for ‘‘Administrative Ex-penses’’ under section 4001(a)(6) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act: Pro- vided further, That none of these funds shall be used for construction, rehabilitation, or remodeling costs, or for office furnishings and fixtures for State, local or private build-ings or structures: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 of the funds made available for ‘‘National Priority Safety Programs’’ under 23 U.S.C. 405 for ‘‘Impaired Driving Countermeasures’’ (as described in sub-section (d) of that section) shall be available for technical assistance to the States: Pro- vided further, That with respect to the ‘‘Transfers’’ provision under 23 U.S.C. 405(a)(1)(8), any amounts transferred to in-crease the amounts made available under section 402 shall include the obligation au-thority for such amounts: Provided further, That the Administrator shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions of any exercise of the authority grant-ed under the previous proviso or under 23 U.S.C. 405(a)(1)(8) within 5 days. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —NATIONAL  
HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 140. An additional $130,000 shall be made available to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, out of the amount limited for section 402 of title 23, United States Code, to pay for travel and re-lated expenses for State management re-views and to pay for core competency devel-opment training and related expenses for highway safety staff. S
EC. 141. The limitations on obligations for the programs of the National Highway Traf-fic Safety Administration set in this Act shall not apply to obligations for which obli-gation authority was made available in pre-vious public laws but only to the extent that the obligation authority has not lapsed or been used. F
EDERAL RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION  
SAFETY AND OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses of the Federal Rail-road Administration, not otherwise provided for, $208,500,000, of which $15,900,000 shall re-main available until expended. 
RAILROAD RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses for railroad re-search and development, $40,100,000, to re-main available until expended. 
RAILROAD REHABILITATION AND IMPROVEMENT  
FINANCING PROGRAM  The Secretary of Transportation is author-ized to issue direct loans and loan guaran-tees pursuant to sections 501 through 504 of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (Public Law 94–210), as amended, such authority to exist as long as any such direct loan or loan guarantee is outstanding. 
CONSOLIDATED RAIL INFRASTRUCTURE AND  
SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS GRANTS  For necessary expenses related to Consoli-dated Rail Infrastructure and Safety Im-provements Grants as authorized by section 24407 of title 49, United States Code, $50,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $25,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 24407 (c)(1) of title 49, United States Code; and $25,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 24407 (c)(5), (c)(6), (c)(7), and (c)(10) of title 49, United States Code: Provided, That the Secretary may withhold up to one percent of the amount provided under this heading for the costs of project management oversight of grants carried out under section 24407 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That such funds shall only be used for grants re-lated to railroad safety. FEDERAL -STATE PARTNERSHIP FOR STATE OF  
GOOD REPAIR GRANTS  For necessary expenses related to Federal- State Partnership for State of Good Repair Grants as authorized by section 24911 of title 49, United States Code, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may withhold up to one percent of the amount provided under this heading for the costs of project management oversight of grants carried out under section 24911 of title 49, United States Code. 
RESTORATION AND ENHANCEMENT GRANTS  For necessary expenses related to grants, $15,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $5,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 24408 of title 49, United States Code; and $10,000,000 shall be available for capital grants for the restoration or initi-ation of intercity passenger service in an amount not to exceed 50 percent of the total project cost: Provided, That the Secretary may withhold up to one percent of the funds provided under this heading to fund the costs of project management and oversight. 
NORTHEAST CORRIDOR GRANTS TO THE  
NATIONAL RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORATION  To enable the Secretary of Transportation to make grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation for activities associ-ated with the Northeast Corridor as author-ized by section 11101(a) of the Fixing Amer-ica’s Surface Transportation Act (division A of Public Law 114–94), $345,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may retain up to one-half of 1 per-cent of the funds provided under both this heading and the National Network Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation heading to fund the costs of project manage-ment and oversight of activities authorized by section 11101(c) of division A of Public Law 114–94: Provided further, That in addition to the project management oversight funds authorized under section 11101(c) of division A of Public Law 114–94, the Secretary may retain up to an additional $5,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading to fund ex-penses associated with the Northeast Cor-ridor Commission established under section 24905 of title 49, United States Code: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading and the National Net-work Grants to the National Railroad Pas-senger Corporation heading, not less than $50,000,000 shall be made available to bring Amtrak-served facilities and stations into compliance with the Americans with Disabil-ities Act. 
NATIONAL NETWORK GRANTS TO THE NATIONAL  
RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORATION  To enable the Secretary of Transportation to make grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation for activities associ-ated with the National Network as author-ized by section 11101(b) of the Fixing Amer-ica’s Surface Transportation Act (division A of Public Law 114–94), $1,075,000,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may retain up to an addi-tional $2,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading to fund expenses associated with the State-Supported Route Committee established under 24712 of title 49, United States Code. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 150. None of the funds provided to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation may be used to fund any overtime costs in excess of $35,000 for any individual employee: Provided, That the President of Amtrak may waive the cap set in the previous proviso for specific employees when the President of Amtrak determines such a cap poses a risk to the safety and operational efficiency of the system: Provided further, That the Presi-dent of Amtrak shall report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations each quarter within 60 days of such quarter of the calendar year on waivers granted to employ-ees and amounts paid above the cap for each month within such quarter and delineate the reasons each waiver was granted: Provided further, That the President of Amtrak shall report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations by May 15, 2017, a sum-mary of all overtime payments incurred by the Corporation for 2016 and the three prior calendar years: Provided further, That such summary shall include the total number of employees that received waivers and the total overtime payments the Corporation paid to those employees receiving waivers for each month for 2016 and for the three prior calendar years. SEC. 151. Section 24408 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by— (1) Striking the words ‘‘or enhancing’’ in subsection (b) and inserting in its place the words ‘‘enhancing, or supporting’’; (2) Striking subparagraph (c)(3)(C); (3) Striking paragraph (d)(5); and (4) Striking subsection (e) and replacing with a new subsection (e) that states ‘‘Grants made under this section may not ex-ceed 80 percent of the projected net oper-ating costs.’’. F
EDERAL TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION  
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  For necessary administrative expenses of the Federal Transit Administration’s pro-grams authorized by chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, $110,665,000: Provided, That none of the funds provided or limited in this Act may be used to create a permanent office of transit security under this heading: Provided further, That upon submission to the Congress of the fiscal year 2018 Presi-dent’s budget, the Secretary of Transpor-tation shall transmit to Congress the annual report on New Starts, including proposed al-locations for fiscal year 2018. 
TRANSIT FORMULA GRANTS  
(LIQUIDATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORIZATION)  
(LIMITATION ON OBLIGATIONS)  
(HIGHWAY TRUST FUND)  For payment of obligations incurred in the Federal Public Transportation Assistance Program in this account, and for payment of obligations incurred in carrying out the pro-visions of 49 U.S.C. 5305, 5307, 5310, 5311, 5312, 5314, 5318, 5329(e)(6), 5335, 5337, 5339, and 5340, as amended by the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, and section 20005(b) of Public Law 112–141, and sections 3006(b) and 3028 of the Fixing America’s Surface Trans-portation Act, $10,800,000,000, to be derived from the Mass Transit Account of the High-way Trust Fund and to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds avail-able for the implementation or execution of programs authorized under 49 U.S.C. 5305, 5307, 5310, 5311, 5312, 5314, 5318, 5329(e)(6), 5335, 5337, 5339, and 5340, as amended by the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, and section 20005(b) of Public Law 112–141, and sections 3006(b) and 3028 of the Fixing Amer-ica’s Surface Transportation Act, shall not exceed total obligations of $9,733,706,043 in fiscal year 2017: Provided further, That the Federal share of the cost of activities carried out under section 5312 shall not exceed 80 percent, except that if there is substantial public interest or benefit, the Secretary may approve a greater Federal share. 
CAPITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS  For necessary expenses to carry out 49 U.S.C. 5309 and section 3005(b) of the FAST 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2760 May 12, 2016 
Act, $2,338,063,000, to remain available until expended. 
GRANTS TO THE WASHINGTON METROPOLITAN  
AREA TRANSIT AUTHORITY  For grants to the Washington Metropoli-tan Area Transit Authority as authorized under section 601 of division B of Public Law 110–432, $150,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary of Transportation shall approve grants for cap-ital and preventive maintenance expendi-tures for the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority only after receiving and reviewing a request for each specific project: Provided further, That prior to approving such grants, the Secretary shall certify that the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority is making progress to improve its safety management system in response to the Federal Transit Administration’s 2015 safety management inspection: Provided fur-ther, That prior to approving such grants, the Secretary shall certify that the Wash-ington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority is making progress toward full implementa-tion of the corrective actions identified in the 2014 Financial Management Oversight Review Report: Provided further, That the Secretary shall determine that the Wash-ington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority has placed the highest priority on those in-vestments that will improve the safety of the system before approving such grants: Provided further, That the Secretary, in order to ensure safety throughout the rail system, may waive the requirements of section 601(e)(1) of division B of Public Law 110–432 (112 Stat. 4968). 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FEDERAL  
TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION)  S
EC. 160. The limitations on obligations for the programs of the Federal Transit Admin-istration shall not apply to any authority under 49 U.S.C. 5338, previously made avail-able for obligation, or to any other authority previously made available for obligation. S
EC. 161. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, funds appropriated or limited by this Act under the heading ‘‘Fixed Guideway Capital Investment’’ of the Federal Transit Administration for projects specified in this Act or identified in reports accompanying this Act not obligated by September 30, 2021, and other recoveries, shall be directed to projects eligible to use the funds for the pur-poses for which they were originally pro-vided. S
EC. 162. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any funds appropriated before October 1, 2016, under any section of chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, that re-main available for expenditure, may be transferred to and administered under the most recent appropriation heading for any such section. S
EC. 163. Section 5303(r)(2)(C) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and 25 square miles of land area’’ after ‘‘145,000’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘and 12 square miles of land area’’ after ‘‘65,000’’. S
EC. 164. Any unobligated amounts made available for fiscal year 2012 or prior fiscal years to carry out the discretionary job ac-cess and reverse commute program under section 3037 of the transportation equity act for the 21st century are hereby rescinded: Provided, That such amounts are made avail-able for projects eligible under 49 U.S.C. 5309(q). S
EC. 165. Section 5307(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking para-graphs (2) and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—The Secretary may make grants under this section to finance the operating cost of equipment and facili-ties for use in public transportation, exclud-ing rail fixed guideway, in an urbanized area with a population of not fewer than 200,000 individuals, as determined by the Bureau of the Census— ‘‘(A) for public transportation systems that— ‘‘(i) operate 75 or fewer buses in fixed route service or demand response service, exclud-ing ADA complementary paratransit service, during peak service hours, in an amount not to exceed 75 percent of the share of the ap-portionment which is attributable to such systems within the urbanized area, as meas-ured by vehicle revenue hours; or ‘‘(ii) operate a minimum of 76 buses and a maximum of 100 buses in fixed route service or demand response service, excluding ADA complementary paratransit service, during peak service hours, in an amount not to ex-ceed 50 percent of the share of the apportion-ment which is attributable to such systems within the urbanized area, as measured by vehicle revenue hours; or ‘‘(B) subject to paragraph (3), for public transportation systems that— ‘‘(i) operate 75 or fewer buses in fixed route service or demand response service, exclud-ing ADA complementary paratransit service, during peak service hours, in an amount not to exceed 75 percent of the share of the ap-portionment allocated to such systems with-in the urbanized area, as determined by the local planning process and included in the designated recipient’s final program of projects prepared under subsection (b); or ‘‘(ii) operate a minimum of 76 buses and a maximum of 100 buses in fixed route service or demand response service, excluding ADA complementary paratransit service during peak service hours, in an amount not to ex-ceed 50 percent of the share of the apportion-ment allocated to such systems within the urbanized area, as determined by the local planning process and included in the des-ignated recipient’s final program of projects prepared under subsection (b). ‘‘(3) LIMITATION .—The amount available to a public transportation system under sub-paragraph (B) of paragraph (2) shall be not more than 10 percent greater than the amount that would otherwise be available to the system under subparagraph (A) of that paragraph.’’. S
AINT LAWRENCE SEAWAY DEVELOPMENT  C
ORPORATION  The Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation is hereby authorized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to the Corporation, and in accord with law, and to make such contracts and commitments with-out regard to fiscal year limitations as pro-vided by section 104 of the Government Cor-poration Control Act, as amended, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs set forth in the Corporation’s budget for the cur-rent fiscal year. 
OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE  
(HARBOR MAINTENANCE TRUST FUND)  For necessary expenses to conduct the op-erations, maintenance, and capital asset re-newal activities of those portions of the St. Lawrence Seaway owned, operated, and maintained by the Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation, $36,028,000, to be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, pursuant to Public Law 99–662. M
ARITIME ADMINISTRATION  
MARITIME SECURITY PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to maintain and preserve a U.S.-flag merchant fleet to serve the national security needs of the United States, $275,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Maritime Ad-ministration may make a reduction in pay-ment pro rata in the event sufficient funds have not been appropriated to pay the full annual payment authorized for the Maritime Security Fleet pursuant to section 53106 of title 46: Provided further, That the Maritime Administration shall allocate the funds across 60 ships. OPERATIONS AND TRAINING  For necessary expenses of operations and training activities authorized by law, $175,160,000, of which $22,000,000 shall remain available until expended for maintenance and repair of training ships at State Mari-time Academies, and of which $6,000,000 shall remain available until expended for National Security Multi-Mission Vessel Program for State Maritime Academies and National Se-curity, and of which $2,400,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2018, for the Student Incentive Program at State Mari-time Academies, and of which $1,200,000 shall remain available until expended for training ship fuel assistance payments, and of which $18,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for facilities maintenance and repair, equipment, and capital improvements at the United States Merchant Marine Academy, and of which $3,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2018, for Maritime En-vironment and Technology Assistance grants, contracts, and cooperative agree-ment, and of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the Short Sea Transportation Program (America’s Marine Highways) to make grants for the purposes provided in title 46 sections 55601(b)(1) and 55601(b)(3): Provided further, That not later than January 12, 2017, the Administrator of the Maritime Administration shall transmit to the House and Senate Committees on Ap-propriations the annual report on sexual as-sault and sexual harassment at the United States Merchant Marine Academy as re-quired pursuant to section 3507 of Public Law 110–417. 
ASSISTANCE TO SMALL SHIPYARDS  To make grants to qualified shipyards as authorized under section 54101 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by Public Law 113–281, $10,000,000 to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary shall issue the Notice of Funding Avail-ability no later than 15 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That from appli-cations submitted under the previous pro-viso, the Secretary of Transportation shall make grants no later than 120 days after en-actment of this Act in such amounts as the Secretary determines: Provided further, That not to exceed 2 percent of the funds appro-priated under this heading shall be available for necessary costs of grant administration. 
SHIP DISPOSAL  For necessary expenses related to the dis-posal of obsolete vessels in the National De-fense Reserve Fleet of the Maritime Admin-istration, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $8,000,000 shall be for the decommissioning of the Nuclear Ship Savannah. 
MARITIME GUARANTEED LOAN (TITLE XI)  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the cost of guaranteed loans, as au-thorized, $5,000,000, of which $2,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modi-fying such loans, shall be as defined in sec-tion 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as amended: Provided further, That not to exceed $3,000,000 shall be available for ad-ministrative expenses to carry out the guar-anteed loan program, which shall be trans-ferred to and merged with the appropriations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2761 May 12, 2016 
for ‘‘Operations and Training’’, Maritime Ad-ministration. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —MARITIME  
ADMINISTRATION  S
EC. 170. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, in addition to any existing authority, the Maritime Administration is authorized to furnish utilities and services and make necessary repairs in connection with any lease, contract, or occupancy in-volving Government property under control of the Maritime Administration: Provided, That payments received therefor shall be credited to the appropriation charged with the cost thereof and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That rental payments under any such lease, contract, or occupancy for items other than such utili-ties, services, or repairs shall be covered into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. P
IPELINE AND HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY  A
DMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONAL EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary operational expenses of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, $23,207,000: Provided, That no later than June 30, 2016, the Secretary of Transportation shall initiate a rulemaking to expand the applicability of comprehensive oil spill response plans, and shall issue a final rule no later than December 18, 2016: Provided further, That $1,500,000 shall be transferred to ‘‘Pipeline Safety’’ in order to fund ‘‘Pipeline Safety Information Grants to Communities’’ as authorized under section 60130 of title 49, United States Code. 
HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY  For expenses necessary to discharge the hazardous materials safety functions of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, $57,619,000, of which $7,570,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That up to $800,000 in fees col-lected under 49 U.S.C. 5108(g) shall be depos-ited in the general fund of the Treasury as offsetting receipts: Provided further, That there may be credited to this appropriation, to be available until expended, funds re-ceived from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred for training, for re-ports publication and dissemination, and for travel expenses incurred in performance of hazardous materials exemptions and approv-als functions. 
PIPELINE SAFETY  
(PIPELINE SAFETY FUND)  
(OIL SPILL LIABILITY TRUST FUND)  For expenses necessary to conduct the functions of the pipeline safety program, for grants-in-aid to carry out a pipeline safety program, as authorized by 49 U.S.C. 60107, and to discharge the pipeline program re-sponsibilities of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $149,959,000, of which $20,288,000 shall be de-rived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund and shall remain available until September 30, 2019; and of which $129,671,000 shall be de-rived from the Pipeline Safety Fund, of which $59,835,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That not less than $1,058,000 of the funds provided under this heading shall be for the One-Call state grant program. 
EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS GRANTS  
(EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS FUND)  Notwithstanding the fiscal year limitation specified in 49 U.S.C. 5116, not more than $28,318,000 shall be made available for obliga-tion in fiscal year 2017 from amounts made available by 49 U.S.C. 5116(h), and 5128(b) and (c): Provided further, That notwithstanding 49 U.S.C. 5116(h)(4), not more than 4 percent of the amounts made available from this ac-count shall be available to pay administra-tive costs: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by 49 U.S.C. 5116(h), 5128(b), or 5128(c) shall be made available for obligation by individuals other than the Sec-retary of Transportation, or his or her des-ignee: Provided further, That notwithstanding 49 U.S.C. 5128(b) and (c) and the current year obligation limitation, prior year recoveries recognized in the current year shall be avail-able to develop a hazardous materials re-sponse training curriculum for emergency responders, including response activities for the transportation of crude oil, ethanol and other flammable liquids by rail, consistent with National Fire Protection Association standards, and to make such training avail-able through an electronic format: Provided further, That the prior year recoveries made available under this heading shall also be available to carry out 49 U.S.C. 5116(a)(1)(C) and 5116(i). OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Inspector General to carry out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $93,550,000: Provided, That the In-spector General shall have all necessary au-thority, in carrying out the duties specified in the Inspector General Act, as amended (5 U.S.C. App. 3), to investigate allegations of fraud, including false statements to the gov-ernment (18 U.S.C. 1001), by any person or en-tity that is subject to regulation by the De-partment of Transportation. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  T
RANSPORTATION  S
EC. 180. During the current fiscal year, ap-plicable appropriations to the Department of Transportation shall be available for mainte-nance and operation of aircraft; hire of pas-senger motor vehicles and aircraft; purchase of liability insurance for motor vehicles op-erating in foreign countries on official de-partment business; and uniforms or allow-ances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901–5902). S
EC. 181. Appropriations contained in this Act for the Department of Transportation shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the rate for an Executive Level IV. S
EC. 182. None of the funds in this Act shall be available for salaries and expenses of more than 110 political and Presidential ap-pointees in the Department of Transpor-tation: Provided, That none of the personnel covered by this provision may be assigned on temporary detail outside the Department of Transportation. S
EC. 183. (a) No recipient of funds made available in this Act shall disseminate per-sonal information (as defined in 18 U.S.C. 2725(3)) obtained by a State department of motor vehicles in connection with a motor vehicle record as defined in 18 U.S.C. 2725(1), except as provided in 18 U.S.C. 2721 for a use permitted under 18 U.S.C. 2721. (b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Secretary shall not withhold funds provided in this Act for any grantee if a State is in noncompliance with this provision. S
EC. 184. Funds received by the Federal Highway Administration and Federal Rail-road Administration from States, counties, municipalities, other public authorities, and private sources for expenses incurred for training may be credited respectively to the Federal Highway Administration’s ‘‘Federal- Aid Highways’’ account and to the Federal Railroad Administration’s ‘‘Safety and Oper-ations’’ account, except for State rail safety inspectors participating in training pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 20105. SEC. 185. None of the funds in this Act to the Department of Transportation may be used to make a loan, loan guarantee, line of credit, or grant unless the Secretary of Transportation notifies the House and Sen-ate Committees on Appropriations not less than 3 full business days before any project competitively selected to receive a discre-tionary grant award, any discretionary grant award, letter of intent, loan commitment, loan guarantee commitment, line of credit commitment, or full funding grant agree-ment. S
EC. 186. Rebates, refunds, incentive pay-ments, minor fees and other funds received by the Department of Transportation from travel management centers, charge card pro-grams, the subleasing of building space, and miscellaneous sources are to be credited to appropriations of the Department of Trans-portation and allocated to elements of the Department of Transportation using fair and equitable criteria and such funds shall be available until expended. S
EC. 187. Amounts made available in this or any other Act that the Secretary deter-mines represent improper payments by the Department of Transportation to a third- party contractor under a financial assistance award, which are recovered pursuant to law, shall be available— (1) to reimburse the actual expenses in-curred by the Department of Transportation in recovering improper payments; and (2) to pay contractors for services provided in recovering improper payments or con-tractor support in the implementation of the Improper Payments Information Act of 2002: Provided, That amounts in excess of that re-quired for paragraphs (1) and (2)— (A) shall be credited to and merged with the appropriation from which the improper payments were made, and shall be available for the purposes and period for which such appropriations are available: Provided fur-ther, That where specific project or account-ing information associated with the im-proper payment or payments is not readily available, the Secretary may credit an ap-propriate account, which shall be available for the purposes and period associated with the account so credited; or (B) if no such appropriation remains avail-able, shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Provided further, That prior to the transfer of any such recov-ery to an appropriations account, the Sec-retary shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations of the amount and reasons for such transfer: Pro- vided further, That for purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘‘improper payments’’ has the same meaning as that provided in section 2(d)(2) of Public Law 107–300. S
EC. 188. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, if any funds provided in or lim-ited by this Act are subject to a reprogram-ming action that requires notice to be pro-vided to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations, transmission of said re-programming notice shall be provided solely to the House and Senate Committees on Ap-propriations, and said reprogramming action shall be approved or denied solely by the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided, That the Secretary of Trans-portation may provide notice to other con-gressional committees of the action of the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions on such reprogramming but not sooner than 30 days following the date on which the reprogramming action has been approved or denied by the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. S
EC. 189. Funds appropriated in this Act to the modal administrations may be obligated for the Office of the Secretary for the costs related to assessments or reimbursable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2762 May 12, 2016 
agreements only when such amounts are for the costs of goods and services that are pur-chased to provide a direct benefit to the ap-plicable modal administration or adminis-trations. S
EC. 190. The Secretary of Transportation is authorized to carry out a program that es-tablishes uniform standards for developing and supporting agency transit pass and tran-sit benefits authorized under section 7905 of title 5, United States Code, including dis-tribution of transit benefits by various paper and electronic media. S
EC. 191. The Department of Transpor-tation may use funds provided by this Act, or any other Act, to assist a contract under title 49 U.S.C. or title 23 U.S.C. utilizing geo-graphic, economic, or any other hiring pref-erence not otherwise authorized by law, ex-cept for such preferences authorized in this Act, or to amend a rule, regulation, policy or other measure that forbids a recipient of a Federal Highway Administration or Federal Transit Administration grant from imposing such hiring preference on a contract or con-struction project with which the Department of Transportation is assisting, only if the grant recipient certifies the following: (1) that except with respect to apprentices or trainees, a pool of readily available but unemployed individuals possessing the knowledge, skill, and ability to perform the work that the contract requires resides in the jurisdiction; (2) that the grant recipient will include ap-propriate provisions in its bid document en-suring that the contractor does not displace any of its existing employees in order to sat-isfy such hiring preference; and (3) that any increase in the cost of labor, training, or delays resulting from the use of such hiring preference does not delay or dis-place any transportation project in the ap-plicable Statewide Transportation Improve-ment Program or Transportation Improve-ment Program. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Transportation Appropriations Act, 2017’’. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT M
ANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION  
EXECUTIVE OFFICES  For necessary salaries and expenses for Ex-ecutive Offices, which shall be comprised of the offices of the Secretary, Deputy Sec-retary, Adjudicatory Services, Congressional and Intergovernmental Relations, Public Af-fairs, Small and Disadvantaged Business Uti-lization, the Departmental Enforcement Center, and the Center for Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships, $30,608,000: Pro- vided, That not to exceed $25,000 of the amount made available under this heading shall be available to the Secretary for offi-cial reception and representation expenses as the Secretary may determine. 
ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT OFFICES  For necessary salaries and expenses for Ad-ministrative Support Offices, $503,852,000, of which $53,451,000 shall be available for the Of-fice of the Chief Financial Officer; $79,053,000 shall be available for the Office of the Gen-eral Counsel; $202,823,000 shall be available for the Office of Administration; $41,641,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Human Capital Officer; $52,568,000 shall be available for the Office of Field Policy and Management; $19,130,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Procurement Offi-cer; $3,891,000 shall be available for the Office of Departmental Equal Employment Oppor-tunity; $5,147,000 shall be available for the Office of Strategic Planning and Manage-ment; and $46,148,000 shall be available for the Office of the Chief Information Officer: Provided, That funds provided under this heading may be used for necessary adminis-trative and non-administrative expenses of the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment, not otherwise provided for, includ-ing purchase of uniforms, or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and serv-ices as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, funds appropriated under this heading may be used for advertising and pro-motional activities that directly support program activities funded in this title: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary shall pro-vide the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations quarterly written notifica-tion regarding the status of pending congres-sional reports: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide in electronic form all signed reports required by Congress. PROGRAM OFFICE SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
PUBLIC AND INDIAN HOUSING  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Public and Indian Housing, $220,500,000. 
COMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Community Planning and Develop-ment, $110,000,000. 
HOUSING  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Housing, $393,000,000. 
POLICY DEVELOPMENT AND RESEARCH  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Policy Development and Research, $24,500,000. 
FAIR HOUSING AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Fair Housing and Equal Oppor-tunity, $74,235,000. 
OFFICE OF LEAD HAZARD CONTROL AND  
HEALTHY HOMES  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes, $8,075,000. W
ORKING CAPITAL FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the working capital fund for the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘‘Fund’’), pursuant, in part, to section 7(f) of the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment Act (42 U.S.C. 3535(f)), amounts transferred to the Fund under this heading shall be available for Federal shared services used by offices and agencies of the Depart-ment, and for such portion of any office or agency’s printing, records management, space renovation, furniture, or supply serv-ices as the Secretary determines shall be de-rived from centralized sources made avail-able by the Department to all offices and agencies and funded through the Fund: Pro- vided, That of the amounts made available in this title for salaries and expenses under the headings ‘‘Executive Offices’’, ‘‘Administra-tive Support Offices’’, ‘‘Program Office Sala-ries and Expenses’’, and ‘‘Government Na-tional Mortgage Association’’, the Secretary shall transfer to the Fund such amounts, to remain available until expended, as are nec-essary to fund services, specified in the first proviso, for which the appropriation would otherwise have been available, and may transfer not to exceed an additional $10,000,000, in aggregate, from all such appro-priations, to be merged with the Fund and to remain available until expended for use for any office or agency: Provided further, That amounts in the Fund shall be the only amounts available to each office or agency of the Department for the services, or portion of services, specified in the first proviso: Pro-vided further, That with respect to the Fund, the authorities and conditions under this heading shall supplement the authorities and conditions provided under section 7(f). PUBLIC AND INDIAN HOUSING  
TENANT -BASED RENTAL ASSISTANCE  For activities and assistance for the provi-sion of tenant-based rental assistance au-thorized under the United States Housing Act of 1937, as amended (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) (‘‘the Act’’ herein), not otherwise pro-vided for, $16,431,696,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available on October 1, 2016 (in addition to the $4,000,000,000 pre-viously appropriated under this heading that shall be available on October 1, 2016), and $4,000,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be available on October 1, 2017: Provided, That the amounts made available under this heading are provided as follows: (1) $18,355,000,000 shall be available for re-newals of expiring section 8 tenant-based an-nual contributions contracts (including re-newals of enhanced vouchers under any pro-vision of law authorizing such assistance under section 8(t) of the Act) and including renewal of other special purpose incremental vouchers: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, from amounts provided under this paragraph and any car-ryover, the Secretary for the calendar year 2017 funding cycle shall provide renewal funding for each public housing agency based on validated voucher management system (VMS) leasing and cost data for the prior cal-endar year and by applying an inflation fac-tor as established by the Secretary, by no-tice published in the Federal Register, and by making any necessary adjustments for the costs associated with the first-time re-newal of vouchers under this paragraph in-cluding tenant protection, HOPE VI, and Choice Neighborhoods vouchers: Provided fur-ther, That none of the funds provided under this paragraph may be used to fund a total number of unit months under lease which ex-ceeds a public housing agency’s authorized level of units under contract, except for pub-lic housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration, which are instead gov-erned by the terms and conditions of their MTW agreements: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, to the extent necessary to stay within the amount specified under this paragraph (except as otherwise modified under this paragraph), prorate each public housing agency’s allocation otherwise estab-lished pursuant to this paragraph: Provided further, That except as provided in the fol-lowing provisos, the entire amount specified under this paragraph (except as otherwise modified under this paragraph) shall be obli-gated to the public housing agencies based on the allocation and pro rata method de-scribed above, and the Secretary shall notify public housing agencies of their annual budg-et by the latter of 60 days after enactment of this Act or March 1, 2017: Provided further, That the Secretary may extend the notifica-tion period with the prior written approval of the House and Senate Committees on Ap-propriations: Provided further, That public housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration shall be funded pursuant to their MTW agreements and shall be subject to the same pro rata adjustments under the previous provisos: Provided further, That the Secretary may offset public housing agen-cies’ calendar year 2017 allocations based on the excess amounts of public housing agen-cies’ net restricted assets accounts, includ-ing HUD held programmatic reserves (in ac-cordance with VMS data in calendar year 2016 that is verifiable and complete), as de-termined by the Secretary: Provided further, That public housing agencies participating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2763 May 12, 2016 
in the MTW demonstration shall also be sub-ject to the offset, as determined by the Sec-retary, excluding amounts subject to the sin-gle fund budget authority provisions of their MTW agreements, from the agencies’ cal-endar year 2017 MTW funding allocation: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary shall use any offset referred to in the previous two provisos throughout the calendar year to prevent the termination of rental assistance for families as the result of insufficient fund-ing, as determined by the Secretary, and to avoid or reduce the proration of renewal funding allocations: Provided further, That up to $75,000,000 shall be available only: (1) for adjustments in the allocations for public housing agencies, after application for an ad-justment by a public housing agency that ex-perienced a significant increase, as deter-mined by the Secretary, in renewal costs of vouchers resulting from unforeseen cir-cumstances or from portability under sec-tion 8(r) of the Act; (2) for vouchers that were not in use during the previous 12-month period in order to be available to meet a commitment pursuant to section 8(o)(13) of the Act; (3) for adjustments for costs associ-ated with HUD-Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing (HUD–VASH) vouchers; and (4) for public housing agencies that despite taking reasonable cost savings measures, as deter-mined by the Secretary, would otherwise be required to terminate rental assistance for families as a result of insufficient funding: Provided further, That the Secretary shall al-locate amounts under the previous proviso based on need, as determined by the Sec-retary; (2) $110,000,000 shall be for section 8 rental assistance for relocation and replacement of housing units that are demolished or dis-posed of pursuant to section 18 of the Act, conversion of section 23 projects to assist-ance under section 8, the family unification program under section 8(x) of the Act, relo-cation of witnesses in connection with ef-forts to combat crime in public and assisted housing pursuant to a request from a law en-forcement or prosecution agency, enhanced vouchers under any provision of law author-izing such assistance under section 8(t) of the Act, HOPE VI and Choice Neighborhood vouchers, mandatory and voluntary conver-sions, and tenant protection assistance in-cluding replacement and relocation assist-ance or for project-based assistance to pre-vent the displacement of unassisted elderly tenants currently residing in section 202 properties financed between 1959 and 1974 that are refinanced pursuant to Public Law 106–569, as amended, or under the authority as provided under this Act: Provided, That when a public housing development is sub-mitted for demolition or disposition under section 18 of the Act, the Secretary may pro-vide section 8 rental assistance when the units pose an imminent health and safety risk to residents: Provided further, That the Secretary may only provide replacement vouchers for units that were occupied within the previous 24 months that cease to be available as assisted housing, subject only to the availability of funds: Provided further, That any tenant protection voucher made available from amounts under this paragraph shall not be reissued by any public housing agency, except the replacement vouchers as defined by the Secretary by notice, when the initial family that received any such vouch-er no longer receives such voucher, and the authority for any public housing agency to issue any such voucher shall cease to exist; (3) $1,768,696,000 shall be for administrative and other expenses of public housing agen-cies in administering the section 8 tenant- based rental assistance program, of which up to $10,000,000 shall be available to the Sec-retary to allocate to public housing agencies that need additional funds to administer their section 8 programs, including fees asso-ciated with section 8 tenant protection rent-al assistance, the administration of disaster related vouchers, Veterans Affairs Sup-portive Housing vouchers, and other special purpose incremental vouchers: Provided, That no less than $1,758,696,000 of the amount provided in this paragraph shall be allocated to public housing agencies for the calendar year 2017 funding cycle based on section 8(q) of the Act (and related Appropriation Act provisions) as in effect immediately before the enactment of the Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–276): Provided further, That if the amounts made available under this para-graph are insufficient to pay the amounts de-termined under the previous proviso, the Secretary may decrease the amounts allo-cated to agencies by a uniform percentage applicable to all agencies receiving funding under this paragraph or may, to the extent necessary to provide full payment of amounts determined under the previous pro-viso, utilize unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryovers, remaining from funds appropriated to the Department of Housing and Urban Development under this heading from prior fiscal years, excluding special purpose vouchers, notwithstanding the purposes for which such amounts were appropriated: Provided further, That all pub-lic housing agencies participating in the MTW demonstration shall be funded pursu-ant to their MTW agreements, and shall be subject to the same uniform percentage de-crease as under the previous proviso: Pro- vided further, That amounts provided under this paragraph shall be only for activities re-lated to the provision of tenant-based rental assistance authorized under section 8, in-cluding related development activities; (4) $110,000,000 for the renewal of tenant- based assistance contracts under section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Afford-able Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013), including necessary administrative expenses: Provided, That administrative and other expenses of public housing agencies in administering the special purpose vouchers in this paragraph shall be funded under the same terms and be subject to the same pro rata reduction as the percent decrease for administrative and other expenses to public housing agencies under paragraph (3) of this heading; (5) $7,000,000 shall be for rental assistance and associated administrative fees for Tribal HUD–VA Supportive Housing to serve Native American veterans that are homeless or at- risk of homelessness living on or near a res-ervation or other Indian areas: Provided, That such amount shall be made available for renewal grants to the recipients that re-ceived assistance under the rental assistance and supportive housing demonstration pro-gram for Native American veterans author-ized under the heading ‘‘Tenant-Based Rent-al Assistance’’ in title II of division K of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appro-priations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235, 128 Stat. 2733): Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall be authorized to specify criteria for renewal grants, including data on the uti-lization of assistance reported by grant re-cipients under the demonstration program: Provided further, That any amounts remain-ing after such renewal assistance is awarded may be available for new grants to recipients eligible to receive block grants under the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. sec-tion 4101 et seq.) for rental assistance and as-sociated administrative fees for Tribal HUD– VA Supportive Housing to serve Native American veterans that are homeless or at- risk of homelessness living on or near a res-ervation or other Indian areas: Provided fur-ther, That funds shall be awarded based on need and administrative capacity established by the Secretary in a Notice published in the Federal Register after coordination with the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs: Provided further, That renewal grants and new grants under this paragraph shall be administered by block grant recipients in ac-cordance with program requirements under the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996: Provided fur-ther, That assistance under this paragraph shall be modeled after, with necessary and appropriate adjustments for Native Amer-ican grant recipients and veterans, the rent-al assistance and supportive housing pro-gram known as HUD–VASH program, includ-ing administration in conjunction with the Department of Veterans Affairs and overall implementation of section 8(o)(19) of the United States Housing Act of 1937: Provided further, That the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may waive, or specify alternative requirements for any provision of any statute or regulation that the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development admin-isters in connection with the use of funds made available under this paragraph (except for requirements related to fair housing, nondiscrimination, labor stands, and the en-vironment), upon a finding by the Secretary that any such waivers or alternative require-ments are necessary for the effective deliv-ery and administration of such assistance: Provided further, That grant recipients shall report to the Secretary on utilization of such rental assistance and other program data, as prescribed by the Secretary; (6) $50,000,000 for incremental rental vouch-er assistance for use through a supported housing program administered in conjunc-tion with the Department of Veterans Af-fairs as authorized under section 8(o)(19) of the United States Housing Act of 1937: Pro- vided, That the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall make such funding available, notwithstanding section 204 (com-petition provision) of this title, to public housing agencies that partner with eligible VA Medical Centers or other entities as des-ignated by the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs, based on geographical need for such assistance as identified by the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, public housing agency administrative performance, and other factors as specified by the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment in consultation with the Sec-retary of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs: Provided further, That the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may waive, or specify alternative requirements for (in consultation with the Secretary of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs), any provision of any statute or regulation that the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development administers in connection with the use of funds made available under this paragraph (except for requirements related to fair hous-ing, nondiscrimination, labor standards, and the environment), upon a finding by the Sec-retary that any such waivers or alternative requirements are necessary for the effective delivery and administration of such voucher assistance: Provided further, That assistance made available under this paragraph shall continue to remain available for homeless veterans upon turn-over; (7) $20,000,000 shall be made available for new incremental voucher assistance through the family unification program as authorized by section 8(x) of the Act: Provided, That the assistance made available under this para-graph shall continue to remain available for family unification upon turnover: Provided further, That for any public housing agency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2764 May 12, 2016 
administering voucher assistance appro-priated in a prior Act under the family unifi-cation program that determines that it no longer has an identified need for such assist-ance upon turnover, such agency shall notify the Secretary, and the Secretary shall recap-ture such assistance from the agency and re-allocate it to any other public housing agen-cy or agencies based on need for voucher as-sistance in connection with such program; (8) $11,000,000 shall be made available for the housing choice voucher mobility dem-onstration authorized under section 243 of this title; and (9) the Secretary shall separately track all special purpose vouchers funded under this heading. 
HOUSING CERTIFICATE FUND  
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS)  Unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds appro-priated to the Department of Housing and Urban Development under this heading, the heading ‘‘Annual Contributions for Assisted Housing’’ and the heading ‘‘Project-Based Rental Assistance’’, for fiscal year 2017 and prior years may be used for renewal of or amendments to section 8 project-based con-tracts and for performance-based contract administrators, notwithstanding the pur-poses for which such funds were appro-priated: Provided, That any obligated bal-ances of contract authority from fiscal year 1974 and prior that have been terminated shall be rescinded: Provided further, That amounts heretofore recaptured, or recap-tured during the current fiscal year, from section 8 project-based contracts from source years fiscal year 1975 through fiscal year 1987 are hereby rescinded, and an amount of addi-tional new budget authority, equivalent to the amount rescinded is hereby appropriated, to remain available until expended, for the purposes set forth under this heading, in ad-dition to amounts otherwise available. 
PUBLIC HOUSING CAPITAL FUND  For the Public Housing Capital Fund Pro-gram to carry out capital and management activities for public housing agencies, as au-thorized under section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g) (the ‘‘Act’’) $1,925,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That not- withstanding any other provision of law or regulation, during fiscal year 2017, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development may not delegate to any Department official other than the Deputy Secretary and the As-sistant Secretary for Public and Indian Housing any authority under paragraph (2) of section 9(j) regarding the extension of the time periods under such section: Provided further, That for purposes of such section 9(j), the term ‘‘obligate’’ means, with respect to amounts, that the amounts are subject to a binding agreement that will result in out-lays, immediately or in the future: Provided further, That up to $10,000,000 shall be to sup-port ongoing public housing financial and physical assessment activities: Provided fur-ther, That up to $1,000,000 shall be to support the costs of administrative and judicial re-ceiverships: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this heading, not to exceed $21,500,000 shall be available for the Secretary to make grants, notwith-standing section 204 of this Act, to public housing agencies for emergency capital needs including safety and security measures necessary to address crime and drug-related activity as well as needs resulting from un-foreseen or unpreventable emergencies and natural disasters excluding Presidentially declared emergencies and natural disasters under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) occurring in fiscal year 2017: Provided further, That of the amount made available under the previous proviso, not less than $5,000,000 shall be for safety and security measures: Provided further, That in addition to the amount in the previous proviso for such safe-ty and security measures, any amounts that remain available, after all applications re-ceived on or before September 30, 2018, for emergency capital needs have been proc-essed, shall be allocated to public housing agencies for such safety and security meas-ures: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this heading $35,000,000 shall be for supportive services, service coordinator and congregate services as authorized by section 34 of the Act (42 U.S.C. 1437z–6) and the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.): Provided further, That of the total amount made avail-able under this heading, $15,000,000 shall be for a Jobs-Plus initiative modeled after the Jobs-Plus demonstration: Provided further, That the funding provided under the pre-vious proviso shall provide competitive grants to partnerships between public hous-ing authorities, local workforce investment boards established under section 117 of the Workforce Investment Act of 1998, and other agencies and organizations that provide sup-port to help public housing residents obtain employment and increase earnings: Provided further, That applicants must demonstrate the ability to provide services to residents, partner with workforce investment boards, and leverage service dollars: Provided further, That the Secretary may allow public housing agencies to request exemptions from rent and income limitation requirements under sections 3 and 6 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 as necessary to implement the Jobs-Plus program, on such terms and condi-tions as the Secretary may approve upon a finding by the Secretary that any such waiv-ers or alternative requirements are nec-essary for the effective implementation of the Jobs-Plus initiative as a voluntary pro-gram for residents: Provided further, That the Secretary shall publish by notice in the Fed-eral Register any waivers or alternative re-quirements pursuant to the preceding pro-viso no later than 10 days before the effective date of such notice: Provided further, That for funds provided under this heading, the limi-tation in section 9(g)(1) of the Act shall be 25 percent: Provided further, That the Secretary may waive the limitation in the previous proviso to allow public housing agencies to fund activities authorized under section 9(e)(1)(C) of the Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify public housing agencies requesting waivers under the pre-vious proviso if the request is approved or denied within 14 days of submitting the re-quest: Provided further, That from the funds made available under this heading, the Sec-retary shall provide bonus awards in fiscal year 2017 to public housing agencies that are designated high performers: Provided further, That the Department shall notify public housing agencies of their formula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act: Pro- vided further, That of the total amount pro-vided under this heading, $25,000,000 shall be available for competitive grants to public housing agencies to evaluate and reduce lead-based paint hazards in public housing by carrying out the activities of risk assess-ments, abatement, and interim controls (as those terms are defined in section 1004 of the Residential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduc-tion Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 4851b)): Provided further, That for purposes of environmental review, a grant under the previous proviso shall be considered funds for projects or ac-tivities under title I of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) for purposes of section 26 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1437x) and shall be subject to the regulations implementing such section. PUBLIC HOUSING OPERATING FUND  For 2017 payments to public housing agen-cies for the operation and management of public housing, as authorized by section 9(e) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(e)), $4,675,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. 
CHOICE NEIGHBORHOODS INITIATIVE  For competitive grants under the Choice Neighborhoods Initiative (subject to section 24 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437v), unless otherwise specified under this heading), for transformation, re-habilitation, and replacement housing needs of both public and HUD-assisted housing and to transform neighborhoods of poverty into functioning, sustainable mixed income neighborhoods with appropriate services, schools, public assets, transportation and ac-cess to jobs, $80,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That grant funds may be used for resident and community services, community develop-ment, and affordable housing needs in the community, and for conversion of vacant or foreclosed properties to affordable housing: Provided further, That the use of funds made available under this heading shall not be deemed to be public housing notwithstanding section 3(b)(1) of such Act: Provided further, That grantees shall commit to an additional period of affordability determined by the Secretary of not fewer than 20 years: Pro- vided further, That grantees shall provide a match in State, local, other Federal or pri-vate funds: Provided further, That grantees may include local governments, tribal enti-ties, public housing authorities, and non-profits: Provided further, That for-profit de-velopers may apply jointly with a public en-tity: Provided further, That for purposes of environmental review, a grantee shall be treated as a public housing agency under sec-tion 26 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437x), and grants under this heading shall be subject to the regulations issued by the Secretary to implement such section: Provided further, That of the amount provided, not less than $48,000,000 shall be awarded to public housing agencies: Provided further, That such grantees shall create part-nerships with other local organizations in-cluding assisted housing owners, service agencies, and resident organizations: Pro- vided further, That no more than $5,000,000 of funds made available under this heading may be provided as grants to undertake com-prehensive local planning with input from residents and the community: Provided fur-ther, That unobligated balances, including recaptures, remaining from funds appro-priated under the heading ‘‘Revitalization of Severely Distressed Public Housing (HOPE VI)’’ in fiscal year 2011 and prior fiscal years may be used for purposes under this heading, notwithstanding the purposes for which such amounts were appropriated: Provided further, That implementation grants awarded under this heading may only be awarded to grant-ees that have previously been awarded plan-ning grants. 
FAMILY SELF -SUFFICIENCY  For the Family Self-Sufficiency program to support family self-sufficiency coordina-tors under section 23 of the United States Housing Act of 1937, to promote the develop-ment of local strategies to coordinate the use of assistance under sections 8(o) and 9 of such Act with public and private resources, and enable eligible families to achieve eco-nomic independence and self-sufficiency, $75,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided, That the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2765 May 12, 2016 
may, by Federal Register notice, waive or specify alternative requirements under sec-tions b(3), b(4), b(5), or c(1) of section 23 of such Act in order to facilitate the operation of a unified self-sufficiency program for indi-viduals receiving assistance under different provisions of the Act, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That owners of a privately owned multifamily property with a section 8 contract may voluntarily make a Family Self-Sufficiency program available to the assisted tenants of such property in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary: Provided further, That such procedures established pursuant to the pre-vious proviso shall permit participating ten-ants to accrue escrow funds in accordance with section 23(d)(2) and shall allow owners to use funding from residual receipt accounts to hire coordinators for their own Family Self-Sufficiency program. 
INDIAN BLOCK GRANTS  For activities and assistance authorized under title I of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (NAHASDA) (25 U.S.C. 4111 et seq.), title I of the Housing and Community Develop-ment Act of 1974 with respect to Indian tribes (42 U.S.C. 5306(a)(1)), and related tech-nical assistance, $714,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2021: Provided, That the amounts made available under this head-ing are provided as follows: (1) $646,500,000 shall be available for the In-dian Housing Block Grant program, as au-thorized under title I of NAHASDA: Provided, That, notwithstanding NAHASDA, to deter-mine the amount of the allocation under title I of such Act for each Indian tribe, the Secretary shall apply the formula under sec-tion 302 of such Act with the need component based on single-race census data and with the need component based on multi-race cen-sus data, and the amount of the allocation for each Indian tribe shall be the greater of the two resulting allocation amounts: Pro- vided further, That notwithstanding section 302(d) of NAHASDA, if on January 1, 2017, a recipient’s total amount of undisbursed block grant funds in the Department’s line of credit control system is greater than three times the formula allocation it would other-wise receive under the first proviso under this paragraph, the Secretary shall adjust that recipient’s formula allocation down by the difference between its total amount of undisbursed block grant funds in the Depart-ment’s line of credit control system on Janu-ary 1, 2017, and three times the formula allo-cation it would otherwise receive: Provided further, That notwithstanding the previous two provisos, no Indian tribe shall receive an allocation amount greater than 10 percent of the total amount made available under this paragraph: Provided further, That grant amounts not allocated to a recipient pursu-ant to the previous two provisos shall be al-located under the need component of the for-mula proportionately among all other Indian tribes not subject to an adjustment under such provisos: Provided further, That the sec-ond and third provisos shall not apply to any Indian tribe that would otherwise receive a formula allocation of less than $8,000,000: Provided further, That to take effect, the four previous provisos do not require issuance or amendment of any regulation, and shall not be construed to confer hearing rights under any section of NAHASDA or its imple-menting regulations: Provided further, That the Department will notify grantees of their formula allocation within 60 days of the date of enactment of this Act; (2) $2,000,000 shall be made available for the cost of guaranteed notes and other obliga-tions, as authorized by title VI of NAHASDA: Provided, That such costs, in-cluding the costs of modifying such notes and other obligations, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as amended: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize the total principal amount of any notes and other obligations, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $17,857,142 to re-main available until September 30, 2021; (3) $60,000,000 shall be for grants to Indian tribes for carrying out the Community De-velopment Block Grant program as author-ized under title I of the Housing and Commu-nity Development Act of 1974, notwith-standing section 106(a)(1) of such Act, of which, up to $4,000,000 may be used for emer-gencies that constitute imminent threats to health and safety notwithstanding any other provision of law (including section 204 of this title): Provided, That not to exceed 20 percent of any grant made with funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be expended for planning and management development and administration; and (4) $5,500,000 shall be to support the inspec-tion of Indian housing units, contract exper-tise, training, and technical assistance needs in Indian country related to funding pro-vided under this heading. 
INDIAN HOUSING LOAN GUARANTEE FUND  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of guaranteed loans, as au-thorized by section 184 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 1715z–13a), $5,500,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the costs of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, up to $1,341,463,415, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided further, That up to $750,000 of this amount may be for administrative contract expenses including management processes and systems to carry out the loan guarantee program: Provided further, That an additional $1,000,000 shall be available until expended for such costs of guaranteed loans authorized under such section 184 issued to tribes and Indian housing authorities for the construction of rental housing for law en-forcement, healthcare, educational, tech-nical and other skilled workers: Provided fur-ther, That the funds specified in the previous proviso are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaran-teed, up to $243,902,439 to remain available until expended: Provided further, That the Secretary may specify any additional pro-gram requirements with respect to the pre-vious two provisos through publication of a Mortgagee Letter or Notice. 
NATIVE HAWAIIAN HOUSING BLOCK GRANT  For the Native Hawaiian Housing Block Grant program, as authorized under title VIII of the Native American Housing Assist-ance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4111 et seq.), $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021. C
OMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT  
HOUSING OPPORTUNITIES FOR PERSONS WITH  
AIDS For carrying out the Housing Opportuni-ties for Persons with AIDS program, as au-thorized by the AIDS Housing Opportunity Act (42 U.S.C. 12901 et seq.), $335,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, except that amounts allocated pursuant to section 854(c)(3) of such Act shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That the Secretary shall renew all expiring contracts for permanent supportive housing that initially were funded under section 854(c)(3) of such Act from funds made avail-able under this heading in fiscal year 2010 and prior fiscal years that meet all program requirements before awarding funds for new contracts under such section: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding section 854(c)(1) of such Act or any implementing regulation, the Secretary shall allocate 90 percent of the funds by formula, of which 75 percent shall be among cities that are the most populous unit of general local government in a metro-politan statistical area with a population greater than 500,000 and have more than 2,000 persons living with the human immuno-deficiency virus (HIV) or AIDS, and States with more than 2,000 persons living with HIV or AIDS outside of metropolitan statistical areas, as reported to and confirmed by the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) as of December 31 of the most recent calendar year for which such data is available, and of which 25 percent shall be among such eligible States and cit-ies that are the most populous unit of gen-eral local government in a metropolitan sta-tistical area based on fair market rents and area poverty indexes, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That a grantee’s share shall not reflect a loss greater than 5 percent or a gain greater than 10 percent of the share of total available formula funds that the grantee received in the preceding fiscal year: Provided further, That any grant-ee that received a formula allocation in fis-cal year 2016 shall continue to be eligible for formula allocation in this fiscal year: Pro- vided further, That the Department shall no-tify grantees of their formula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act. COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FUND  For assistance to units of State and local government, and to other entities, for eco-nomic and community development activi-ties, and for other purposes, $3,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, unless otherwise specified: Provided, That of the total amount provided, $3,000,000,000 is for carrying out the community development block grant program under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, as amended (‘‘the Act’’ herein) (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.): Provided further, That un- less explicitly provided for under this head-ing, not to exceed 20 percent of any grant made with funds appropriated under this heading shall be expended for planning and management development and administra-tion: Provided further, That a metropolitan city, urban county, unit of general local gov-ernment, or Indian tribe, or insular area that directly or indirectly receives funds under this heading may not sell, trade, or other-wise transfer all or any portion of such funds to another such entity in exchange for any other funds, credits or non-Federal consider-ations, but must use such funds for activities eligible under title I of the Act: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding section 105(e)(1) of the Act, no funds provided under this heading may be provided to a for-profit enti-ty for an economic development project under section 105(a)(17) unless such project has been evaluated and selected in accord-ance with guidelines required under subpara-graph (e)(2): Provided further, That the De-partment shall notify grantees of their for-mula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act. 
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT LOAN GUARANTEES  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  Subject to section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2017, commitments to guarantee loans under sec-tion 108 of the Housing and Community De-velopment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5308), any part of which is guaranteed, shall not exceed a total principal amount of $300,000,000, not-withstanding any aggregate limitation on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2766 May 12, 2016 
outstanding obligations guaranteed in sub-section (k) of such section 108: Provided, That the Secretary shall collect fees from bor-rowers, notwithstanding subsection (m) of such section 108, to result in a credit subsidy cost of zero for guaranteeing such loans, and any such fees shall be collected in accord-ance with section 502(7) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
HOME INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIPS PROGRAM  For the HOME Investment Partnerships program, as authorized under title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, as amended, $950,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020: Pro- vided, That notwithstanding the amount made available under this heading, the threshold reduction requirements in sections 216(10) and 217(b)(4) of such Act shall not apply to allocations of such amount: Pro- vided further, That the requirements under provisos 2 through 6 under this heading for fiscal year 2012 and such requirements appli-cable pursuant to the ‘‘Full-Year Continuing Appropriations Act, 2013’’, shall not apply to any project to which funds were committed on or after August 23, 2013, but such projects shall instead be governed by the Final Rule titled ‘‘Home Investment Partnerships Pro-gram; Improving Performance and Account-ability; Updating Property Standards’’ which became effective on such date: Provided fur-ther, That the Department shall notify grantees of their formula allocation within 60 days of enactment of this Act. 
SELF-HELP AND ASSISTED HOMEOWNERSHIP  
OPPORTUNITY PROGRAM  For the Self-Help and Assisted Homeown-ership Opportunity Program, as authorized under section 11 of the Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of 1996, as amended, $50,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That of the total amount provided under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be made available to the Self-Help and Assisted Homeownership Op-portunity Program as authorized under sec-tion 11 of the Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of 1996, as amended: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this heading, $35,000,000 shall be made available for the second, third, and fourth capacity building activities authorized under section 4(a) of the HUD Demonstration Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 9816 note), of which not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available for rural capacity building activities: Provided further, That of the total amount provided under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be made available for capacity building by national rural housing organizations with experience assessing national rural conditions and pro-viding financing, training, technical assist-ance, information, and research to local non-profits, local governments and Indian Tribes serving high need rural communities: Pro- vided further, That an additional $4,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for a program to rehabilitate and modify homes of disabled or low-income veterans as au-thorized under section 1079 of Public Law 113–291. 
HOMELESS ASSISTANCE GRANTS  For the emergency solutions grants pro-gram as authorized under subtitle B of title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assist-ance Act, as amended; the continuum of care program as authorized under subtitle C of title IV of such Act; and the rural housing stability assistance program as authorized under subtitle D of title IV of such Act, $2,330,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That any rental as-sistance amounts that are recaptured under such continuum of care program shall re-main available until expended: Provided fur-ther, That not less than $250,000,000 of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for such emergency solutions grants program: Provided further, That not less than $2,013,000,000 of the funds appro-priated under this heading shall be available for such continuum of care and rural housing stability assistance programs: Provided fur-ther, That up to $7,000,000 of the funds appro-priated under this heading shall be available for the national homeless data analysis project: Provided further, That all funds awarded for supportive services under the continuum of care program and the rural housing stability assistance program shall be matched by not less than 25 percent in cash or in kind by each grantee: Provided further, That for all match requirements applicable to funds made available under this heading for this fiscal year and prior years, a grantee may use (or could have used) as a source of match funds other funds administered by the Secretary and other Federal agencies unless there is (or was) a specific statutory prohibi-tion on any such use of any such funds: Pro- vided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be available to pro-vide funding for new projects, except for projects created through reallocation, unless the Secretary determines that the con-tinuum of care has demonstrated that projects are evaluated and ranked based on the degree to which they improve the con-tinuum of care’s system performance: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary shall prioritize funding under the continuum of care program to continuums of care that have demonstrated a capacity to reallocate funding from lower performing projects to higher performing projects: Provided further, That any unobligated amounts remaining from funds appropriated under this heading in fiscal year 2012 and prior years for project- based rental assistance for rehabilitation projects with 10-year grant terms may be used for purposes under this heading, not-withstanding the purposes for which such funds were appropriated: Provided further, That all balances for Shelter Plus Care re-newals previously funded from the Shelter Plus Care Renewal account and transferred to this account shall be available, if recap-tured, for continuum of care renewals in fis-cal year 2017: Provided further, That the De-partment shall notify grantees of their for-mula allocation from amounts allocated (which may represent initial or final amounts allocated) for the emergency solu-tions grant program within 60 days of enact-ment of this Act: Provided further, That up to $40,000,000 of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be to implement projects to demonstrate how a comprehensive ap-proach to serving homeless youth, age 24 and under, in up to 11 communities, including at least five rural communities, can dramati-cally reduce youth homelessness: Provided further, That such projects shall be eligible for renewal under the continuum of care pro-gram subject to the same terms and condi-tions as other renewal applicants: Provided further, That youth aged 24 and under seek-ing assistance under this heading shall not be required to provide third party docu-mentation to establish their eligibility under 42 U.S.C. 11302(a) or (b) to receive serv-ices: Provided further, That unaccompanied youth aged 24 and under or families headed by youth aged 24 and under who are living in unsafe situations may be served by youth- serving providers funded under this heading. H
OUSING PROGRAMS  
RENTAL ASSISTANCE DEMONSTRATION  For continuing activities under the head-ing ‘‘Rental Assistance Demonstration’’ in the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–55), $4,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such funds shall only be available to properties con-verting from assistance under section 202(c)(2) of the Housing Act of 1959 (12 U.S.C. 1701q(c)(2)). PROJECT -BASED RENTAL ASSISTANCE  For activities and assistance for the provi-sion of project-based subsidy contracts under the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) (‘‘the Act’’), not other-wise provided for, $10,501,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available on October 1, 2016 (in addition to the $400,000,000 previously appropriated under this heading that became available October 1, 2016), and $400,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available on October 1, 2017: Provided, That the amounts made available under this heading shall be avail-able for expiring or terminating section 8 project-based subsidy contracts (including section 8 moderate rehabilitation contracts), for amendments to section 8 project-based subsidy contracts (including section 8 mod-erate rehabilitation contracts), for contracts entered into pursuant to section 441 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11401), for renewal of section 8 con-tracts for units in projects that are subject to approved plans of action under the Emer-gency Low Income Housing Preservation Act of 1987 or the Low-Income Housing Preserva-tion and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990, and for administrative and other ex-penses associated with project-based activi-ties and assistance funded under this para-graph: Provided further, That of the total amounts provided under this heading, not to exceed $235,000,000 shall be available for per-formance-based contract administrators for section 8 project-based assistance, for car-rying out 42 U.S.C. 1437(f): Provided further, That the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may also use such amounts in the previous proviso for performance-based contract administrators for the administra-tion of: interest reduction payments pursu-ant to section 236(a) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z–1(a)); rent supplement payments pursuant to section 101 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1965 (12 U.S.C. 1701s); section 236(f)(2) rental as-sistance payments (12 U.S.C. 1715z–1(f)(2)); project rental assistance contracts for the el-derly under section 202(c)(2) of the Housing Act of 1959 (12 U.S.C. 1701q); project rental assistance contracts for supportive housing for persons with disabilities under section 811(d)(2) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013(d)(2)); project assistance contracts pursuant to sec-tion 202(h) of the Housing Act of 1959 (Public Law 86–372; 73 Stat. 667); and loans under sec-tion 202 of the Housing Act of 1959 (Public Law 86–372; 73 Stat. 667): Provided further, That amounts recaptured under this head-ing, the heading ‘‘Annual Contributions for Assisted Housing’’, or the heading ‘‘Housing Certificate Fund’’, may be used for renewals of or amendments to section 8 project-based contracts or for performance-based contract administrators, notwithstanding the pur-poses for which such amounts were appro-priated: Provided further, That, notwith-standing any other provision of law, upon the request of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, project funds that are held in residual receipts accounts for any project subject to a section 8 project-based Housing Assistance Payments contract that authorizes HUD or a Housing Finance Agen-cy to require that surplus project funds be deposited in an interest-bearing residual re-ceipts account and that are in excess of an amount to be determined by the Secretary, shall be remitted to the Department and de-posited in this account, to be available until 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2767 May 12, 2016 
expended: Provided further, That amounts de-posited pursuant to the previous proviso shall be available in addition to the amount otherwise provided by this heading for uses authorized under this heading. 
HOUSING FOR THE ELDERLY  For amendments to capital advance con-tracts for housing for the elderly, as author-ized by section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, as amended, and for project rental assistance for the elderly under section 202(c)(2) of such Act, including amendments to contracts for such assistance and renewal of expiring con-tracts for such assistance for up to a 1-year term, and for senior preservation rental as-sistance contracts, including renewals, as authorized by section 811(e) of the American Housing and Economic Opportunity Act of 2000, as amended, and for supportive services associated with the housing, $505,000,000 to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, up to $75,000,000 shall be for service coordinators and the continuation of existing congregate service grants for resi-dents of assisted housing projects: Provided further, That amounts under this heading shall be available for Real Estate Assess-ment Center inspections and inspection-re-lated activities associated with section 202 projects: Provided further, That the Secretary may waive the provisions of section 202 gov-erning the terms and conditions of project rental assistance, except that the initial con-tract term for such assistance shall not ex-ceed 5 years in duration: Provided further, That upon request of the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development, project funds that are held in residual receipts accounts for any project subject to a section 202 project rental assistance contract, and that upon termination of such contract are in ex-cess of an amount to be determined by the Secretary, shall be remitted to the Depart-ment and deposited in this account, to be available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That amounts deposited in this ac-count pursuant to the previous proviso shall be available, in addition to the amounts oth-erwise provided by this heading, for amend-ments and renewals: Provided further, That unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds trans-ferred to or appropriated under this heading shall be available for amendments and re-newals notwithstanding the purposes for which such funds originally were appro-priated. 
HOUSING FOR PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES  For amendments to capital advance con-tracts for supportive housing for persons with disabilities, as authorized by section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Afford-able Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013), for project rental assistance for supportive housing for persons with disabilities under section 811(d)(2) of such Act and for project assist-ance contracts pursuant to section 202(h) of the Housing Act of 1959 (Public Law 86–372; 73 Stat. 667), including amendments to con-tracts for such assistance and renewal of ex-piring contracts for such assistance for up to a 1-year term, for project rental assistance to State housing finance agencies and other appropriate entities as authorized under sec-tion 811(b)(3) of the Cranston-Gonzalez Na-tional Housing Act, and for supportive serv-ices associated with the housing for persons with disabilities as authorized by section 811(b)(1) of such Act, $154,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading shall be available for Real Estate Assessment Center inspections and inspec-tion-related activities associated with sec-tion 811 projects: Provided further, That, in this fiscal year, upon the request of the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development, project funds that are held in residual re-ceipts accounts for any project subject to a section 811 project rental assistance contract and that upon termination of such contract are in excess of an amount to be determined by the Secretary shall be remitted to the De-partment and deposited in this account, to be available until September 30, 2020: Pro- vided further, That amounts deposited in this account pursuant to the previous proviso shall be available in addition to the amounts otherwise provided by this heading for the purposes authorized under this heading: Pro- vided further, That unobligated balances, in-cluding recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds transferred to or appropriated under this heading may be used for the cur-rent purposes authorized under this heading notwithstanding the purposes for which such funds originally were appropriated. HOUSING COUNSELING ASSISTANCE  For contracts, grants, and other assistance excluding loans, as authorized under section 106 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, as amended, $47,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, including up to $4,500,000 for administrative contract services: Provided, That grants made avail-able from amounts provided under this head-ing shall be awarded within 180 days of en-actment of this Act: Provided further, That funds shall be used for providing counseling and advice to tenants and homeowners, both current and prospective, with respect to property maintenance, financial manage-ment/literacy, and such other matters as may be appropriate to assist them in improv-ing their housing conditions, meeting their financial needs, and fulfilling the respon-sibilities of tenancy or homeownership; for program administration; and for housing counselor training: Provided further, That for purposes of providing such grants from amounts provided under this heading, the Secretary may enter into multiyear agree-ments as appropriate, subject to the avail-ability of annual appropriations. 
RENTAL HOUSING ASSISTANCE  For amendments to contracts under sec-tion 101 of the Housing and Urban Develop-ment Act of 1965 (12 U.S.C. 1701s) and section 236(f)(2) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z–1) in State-aided, noninsured rental housing projects, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount, together with unobligated balances from recaptured amounts appropriated prior to fiscal year 2006 from terminated contracts under such sections of law, and any unobli-gated balances, including recaptures and car-ryover, remaining from funds appropriated under this heading after fiscal year 2005, shall also be available for extensions of up to one year for expiring contracts under such sections of law. 
PAYMENT TO MANUFACTURED HOUSING FEES  
TRUST FUND  For necessary expenses as authorized by the National Manufactured Housing Con-struction and Safety Standards Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5401 et seq.), up to $10,500,000, to re-main available until expended, of which $10,500,000 is to be derived from the Manufac-tured Housing Fees Trust Fund: Provided, That not to exceed the total amount appro-priated under this heading shall be available from the general fund of the Treasury to the extent necessary to incur obligations and make expenditures pending the receipt of collections to the Fund pursuant to section 620 of such Act: Provided further, That the amount made available under this heading from the general fund shall be reduced as such collections are received during fiscal year 2017 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation from the general fund es-timated at zero, and fees pursuant to such section 620 shall be modified as necessary to ensure such a final fiscal year 2017 appropria-tion: Provided further, That for the dispute resolution and installation programs, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment may assess and collect fees from any program participant: Provided further, That such collections shall be deposited into the Fund, and the Secretary, as provided herein, may use such collections, as well as fees col-lected under section 620, for necessary ex-penses of such Act: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the requirements of section 620 of such Act, the Secretary may carry out responsibilities of the Secretary under such Act through the use of approved service pro-viders that are paid directly by the recipi-ents of their services. FEDERAL HOUSING ADMINISTRATION  
MUTUAL MORTGAGE INSURANCE PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  New commitments to guarantee single family loans insured under the Mutual Mort-gage Insurance Fund shall not exceed $400,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That during fis-cal year 2017, obligations to make direct loans to carry out the purposes of section 204(g) of the National Housing Act, as amended, shall not exceed $5,000,000: Provided further, That the foregoing amount in the previous proviso shall be for loans to non-profit and governmental entities in connec-tion with sales of single family real prop-erties owned by the Secretary and formerly insured under the Mutual Mortgage Insur-ance Fund: Provided further, That for admin-istrative contract expenses of the Federal Housing Administration, $130,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2018. 
GENERAL AND SPECIAL RISK PROGRAM ACCOUNT  New commitments to guarantee loans in-sured under the General and Special Risk In-surance Funds, as authorized by sections 238 and 519 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z–3 and 1735c), shall not exceed $30,000,000,000 in total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That during fiscal year 2017, gross obliga-tions for the principal amount of direct loans, as authorized by sections 204(g), 207(l), 238, and 519(a) of the National Housing Act, shall not exceed $5,000,000, which shall be for loans to nonprofit and governmental entities in connection with the sale of single family real properties owned by the Secretary and formerly insured under such Act. G
OVERNMENT NATIONAL MORTGAGE  A
SSOCIATION  
GUARANTEES OF MORTGAGE -BACKED SECURITIES  
LOAN GUARANTEE PROGRAM ACCOUNT  New commitments to issue guarantees to carry out the purposes of section 306 of the National Housing Act, as amended (12 U.S.C. 1721(g)), shall not exceed $500,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That $23,000,000 shall be available for necessary salaries and expenses of the Of-fice of Government National Mortgage Asso-ciation: Provided further, That to the extent that guaranteed loan commitments exceed $155,000,000,000 on or before April 1, 2017, an additional $100 for necessary salaries and ex-penses shall be available until expended for each $1,000,000 in additional guaranteed loan commitments (including a pro rata amount for any amount below $1,000,000), but in no case shall funds made available by this pro-viso exceed $3,000,000: Provided further, That receipts from Commitment and Multiclass fees collected pursuant to title III of the Na-tional Housing Act, as amended, shall be credited as offsetting collections to this ac-count. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2768 May 12, 2016 
POLICY DEVELOPMENT AND RESEARCH  
RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY  For contracts, grants, and necessary ex-penses of programs of research and studies relating to housing and urban problems, not otherwise provided for, as authorized by title V of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970 (12 U.S.C. 1701z–1 et seq.), includ-ing carrying out the functions of the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development under section 1(a)(1)(i) of Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1968, and for technical assist-ance, $90,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That with re-spect to amounts made available under this heading, notwithstanding section 204 of this title, the Secretary may enter into coopera-tive agreements funded with philanthropic entities, other Federal agencies, or State or local governments and their agencies for re-search projects: Provided further, That with respect to the previous proviso, such part-ners to the cooperative agreements must contribute at least a 50 percent match to-ward the cost of the project: Provided further, That for non-competitive agreements en-tered into in accordance with the previous two provisos, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall comply with sec-tion 2(b) of the Federal Funding Account-ability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–282, 31 U.S.C. note) in lieu of compli-ance with section 102(a)(4)(C) with respect to documentation of award decisions: Provided further, That prior to obligation of technical assistance funding, the Secretary shall sub-mit a plan, for approval, to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations on how it will allocate funding for this activity: Provided further, That none of the funds pro-vided under this heading may be available for the doctoral dissertation research grant program. F
AIRHOUSING AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY  
FAIR HOUSING ACTIVITIES  For contracts, grants, and other assist-ance, not otherwise provided for, as author-ized by title VIII of the Civil Rights Act of 1968, as amended by the Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988, and section 561 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987, as amended, $65,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Sec-retary may assess and collect fees to cover the costs of the Fair Housing Training Acad-emy, and may use such funds to provide such training: Provided further, That no funds made available under this heading shall be used to lobby the executive or legislative branches of the Federal Government in con-nection with a specific contract, grant, or loan: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $300,000 shall be available to the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development for the creation and promotion of translated materials and other programs that support the assistance of persons with limited English proficiency in utilizing the services provided by the De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. O
FFICE OF LEADHAZARD CONTROL AND  H
EALTHY HOMES  
LEAD HAZARD REDUCTION  For the Lead Hazard Reduction Program, as authorized by section 1011 of the Residen-tial Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992, $135,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, of which $20,000,000 shall be for the Healthy Homes Initiative, pursu-ant to sections 501 and 502 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970, that shall include research, studies, testing, and dem-onstration efforts, including education and outreach concerning lead-based paint poi-soning and other housing-related diseases and hazards: Provided, That for purposes of environmental review, pursuant to the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and other provisions of the law that further the purposes of such Act, a grant under the Healthy Homes Initia-tive, or the Lead Technical Studies program under this heading or under prior appropria-tions Acts for such purposes under this head-ing, shall be considered to be funds for a spe-cial project for purposes of section 305(c) of the Multifamily Housing Property Disposi-tion Reform Act of 1994: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading, $55,000,000 shall be made available on a competitive basis for areas with the highest lead-based paint abatement needs: Provided further, That each recipient of funds provided under the previous proviso shall contribute an amount not less than 25 percent of the total: Provided further, That each applicant shall certify adequate capac-ity that is acceptable to the Secretary to carry out the proposed use of funds pursuant to a notice of funding availability: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading in this or prior appropriations Acts, and that still remain available, may be used for any purpose under this heading not-withstanding the purpose for which such amounts were appropriated if a program competition is undersubscribed and there are other program competitions under this head-ing that are oversubscribed. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY FUND For the development of, modifications to, and infrastructure for Department-wide and program-specific information technology systems, for the continuing operation and maintenance of both Department-wide and program-specific information systems, and for program-related maintenance activities, $273,000,000, of which $250,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018, and of which $23,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That any amounts transferred to this Fund under this Act shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That any amounts trans-ferred to this Fund from amounts appro-priated by previously enacted appropriations Acts may be used for the purposes specified under this Fund, in addition to any other in-formation technology purposes for which such amounts were appropriated: Provided further, That not more than 10 percent of the funds made available under this heading for development, modernization and enhance-ment may be obligated until the Secretary submits to the House and Senate Commit-tees on Appropriations, for approval, a plan for expenditure that—(A) identifies for each modernization project: (i) the functional and performance capabilities to be delivered and the mission benefits to be realized, (ii) the estimated life-cycle cost, and (iii) key mile-stones to be met; and (B) demonstrates that each modernization project is: (i) compliant with the department’s enterprise architec-ture, (ii) being managed in accordance with applicable life-cycle management policies and guidance, (iii) subject to the depart-ment’s capital planning and investment con-trol requirements, and (iv) supported by an adequately staffed project office. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amend-ed, $129,000,000: Provided, That the Inspector General shall have independent authority over all personnel issues within this office. GENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  H
OUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION)  S
EC. 201. Fifty percent of the amounts of budget authority, or in lieu thereof 50 per-cent of the cash amounts associated with such budget authority, that are recaptured from projects described in section 1012(a) of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assist-ance Amendments Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 1437 note) shall be rescinded or in the case of cash, shall be remitted to the Treasury, and such amounts of budget authority or cash re-captured and not rescinded or remitted to the Treasury shall be used by State housing finance agencies or local governments or local housing agencies with projects ap-proved by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for which settlement oc-curred after January 1, 1992, in accordance with such section. Notwithstanding the pre-vious sentence, the Secretary may award up to 15 percent of the budget authority or cash recaptured and not rescinded or remitted to the Treasury to provide project owners with incentives to refinance their project at a lower interest rate. S
EC. 202. None of the amounts made avail-able under this Act may be used during fiscal year 2017 to investigate or prosecute under the Fair Housing Act any otherwise lawful activity engaged in by one or more persons, including the filing or maintaining of a non-frivolous legal action, that is engaged in solely for the purpose of achieving or pre-venting action by a Government official or entity, or a court of competent jurisdiction. S
EC. 203. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the amount allocated for fiscal year 2017 under section 854(c) of the AIDS Housing Opportunity Act (42 U.S.C. 12903(c)), to the city of New York, New York, on behalf of the New York–Wayne–White Plains, New York–New Jersey Metropolitan Division (hereafter ‘‘metropolitan division’’) of the New York–Newark–Edison, NY–NJ–PA Metropolitan Statistical Area, shall be ad-justed by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development by: (1) allocating to the city of Jersey City, New Jersey, the propor-tion of the metropolitan area’s or division’s amount that is based on the number of per-sons living with HIV or AIDS, poverty and fair market rents, in the portion of the met-ropolitan area or division that is located in Hudson County, New Jersey; and (2) allo-cating to the city of Paterson, New Jersey, the proportion of the metropolitan area’s or division’s amount that is based on the num-ber of persons living with HIV or AIDS, pov-erty and fair market rents, in the portion of the metropolitan area or division that is lo-cated in Bergen County and Passaic County, New Jersey. The recipient cities shall use amounts allocated under this subsection to carry out eligible activities under section 855 of the AIDS Housing Opportunity Act (42 U.S.C. 12904) in their respective portions of the metropolitan division that is located in New Jersey. (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the amount allocated for fiscal year 2017 under section 854(c) of the AIDS Housing Op-portunity Act (42 U.S.C. 12903(c)), to the city of Wilmington, Delaware, on behalf of the Wilmington, Delaware–Maryland–New Jersey Metropolitan Division (hereafter ‘‘metropoli-tan division’’), shall be adjusted by the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development by allocating to the State of New Jersey the proportion of the metropolitan division’s amount that is based on the number of per-sons living with HIV or AIDS, poverty and fair market rents, in the portion of the met-ropolitan division that is located in New Jer-sey. The State of New Jersey shall use 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2769 May 12, 2016 
amounts allocated to the State under this subsection to carry out eligible activities under section 855 of the AIDS Housing Op-portunity Act (42 U.S.C. 12904) in the portion of the metropolitan division that is located in New Jersey. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment shall allocate to Wake County, North Carolina, the amounts that otherwise would be allocated for fiscal year 2017 under section 854(c) of the AIDS Housing Oppor-tunity Act (42 U.S.C. 12903(c)) to the city of Raleigh, North Carolina, on behalf of the Ra-leigh-Cary North Carolina Metropolitan Sta-tistical Area. Any amounts allocated to Wake County shall be used to carry out eligi-ble activities under section 855 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 12904) within such metropolitan statistical area. (d) Notwithstanding section 854(c) of the AIDS Housing Opportunity Act (42 U.S.C. 12903(c)), the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may adjust the allocation of the amounts that otherwise would be allo-cated for fiscal year 2017 under section 854(c) of such Act, upon the written request of an applicant, in conjunction with the State(s), for a formula allocation on behalf of a met-ropolitan statistical area, to designate the State or States in which the metropolitan statistical area is located as the eligible grantee(s) of the allocation. In the case that a metropolitan statistical area involves more than one State, such amounts allo-cated to each State shall be based on the proportion of the metropolitan statistical area’s amount that is based on the number of persons living with HIV or AIDS, poverty and fair market rents, in the portion of the metropolitan statistical area that is located in that State. Any amounts allocated to a State under this section shall be used to carry out eligible activities within the por-tion of the metropolitan statistical area lo-cated in that State. S
EC. 204. Except as explicitly provided in law, any grant, cooperative agreement or other assistance made pursuant to title II of this Act shall be made on a competitive basis and in accordance with section 102 of the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development Reform Act of 1989 (42 U.S.C. 3545). S
EC. 205. Funds of the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development subject to the Government Corporation Control Act or sec-tion 402 of the Housing Act of 1950 shall be available, without regard to the limitations on administrative expenses, for legal serv-ices on a contract or fee basis, and for uti-lizing and making payment for services and facilities of the Federal National Mortgage Association, Government National Mortgage Association, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, Federal Financing Bank, Fed-eral Reserve banks or any member thereof, Federal Home Loan banks, and any insured bank within the meaning of the Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation Act, as amended (12 U.S.C. 1811–1). S
EC. 206. Unless otherwise provided for in this Act or through a reprogramming of funds, no part of any appropriation for the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment shall be available for any program, project or activity in excess of amounts set forth in the budget estimates submitted to Congress. S
EC. 207. Corporations and agencies of the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment which are subject to the Government Corporation Control Act are hereby author-ized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to each such corporation or agency and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without re-gard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 104 of such Act as may be necessary in carrying out the programs set forth in the budget for 2017 for such corporation or agen-cy except as hereinafter provided: Provided, That collections of these corporations and agencies may be used for new loan or mort-gage purchase commitments only to the ex-tent expressly provided for in this Act (un-less such loans are in support of other forms of assistance provided for in this or prior ap-propriations Acts), except that this proviso shall not apply to the mortgage insurance or guaranty operations of these corporations, or where loans or mortgage purchases are necessary to protect the financial interest of the United States Government. SEC. 208. The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall provide quarterly reports to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations regarding all uncommit-ted, unobligated, recaptured and excess funds in each program and activity within the ju-risdiction of the Department and shall sub-mit additional, updated budget information to these Committees upon request. S
EC. 209. The President’s formal budget re-quest for fiscal year 2018, as well as the De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment’s congressional budget justifications to be submitted to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, shall use the identical ac-count and sub-account structure provided under this Act. S
EC. 210. A public housing agency or such other entity that administers Federal hous-ing assistance for the Housing Authority of the county of Los Angeles, California, and the States of Alaska, Iowa, and Mississippi shall not be required to include a resident of public housing or a recipient of assistance provided under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 on the board of directors or a similar governing board of such agency or entity as required under section (2)(b) of such Act. Each public housing agency or other entity that administers Federal hous-ing assistance under section 8 for the Hous-ing Authority of the county of Los Angeles, California and the States of Alaska, Iowa and Mississippi that chooses not to include a resident of public housing or a recipient of section 8 assistance on the board of directors or a similar governing board shall establish an advisory board of not less than six resi-dents of public housing or recipients of sec-tion 8 assistance to provide advice and com-ment to the public housing agency or other administering entity on issues related to public housing and section 8. Such advisory board shall meet not less than quarterly. S
EC. 211. No funds provided under this title may be used for an audit of the Government National Mortgage Association that makes applicable requirements under the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661 et seq.). S
EC. 212. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, subject to the conditions listed under this section, for fiscal years 2017 and 2018, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may authorize the transfer of some or all project-based assistance, debt held or insured by the Secretary and statu-torily required low-income and very low-in-come use restrictions if any, associated with one or more multifamily housing project or projects to another multifamily housing project or projects. (b) P
HASED TRANSFERS .—Transfers of project-based assistance under this section may be done in phases to accommodate the financing and other requirements related to rehabilitating or constructing the project or projects to which the assistance is trans-ferred, to ensure that such project or projects meet the standards under subsection (c). (c) The transfer authorized in subsection (a) is subject to the following conditions: (1) NUMBER AND BEDROOM SIZE OF UNITS .— (A) For occupied units in the transferring project: The number of low-income and very low-income units and the configuration (i.e., bedroom size) provided by the transferring project shall be no less than when trans-ferred to the receiving project or projects and the net dollar amount of Federal assist-ance provided to the transferring project shall remain the same in the receiving project or projects. (B) For unoccupied units in the transfer-ring project: The Secretary may authorize a reduction in the number of dwelling units in the receiving project or projects to allow for a reconfiguration of bedroom sizes to meet current market demands, as determined by the Secretary and provided there is no in-crease in the project-based assistance budget authority. (2) The transferring project shall, as deter-mined by the Secretary, be either physically obsolete or economically nonviable. (3) The receiving project or projects shall meet or exceed applicable physical standards established by the Secretary. (4) The owner or mortgagor of the transfer-ring project shall notify and consult with the tenants residing in the transferring project and provide a certification of approval by all appropriate local governmental officials. (5) The tenants of the transferring project who remain eligible for assistance to be pro-vided by the receiving project or projects shall not be required to vacate their units in the transferring project or projects until new units in the receiving project are available for occupancy. (6) The Secretary determines that this transfer is in the best interest of the tenants. (7) If either the transferring project or the receiving project or projects meets the con-dition specified in subsection (d)(2)(A), any lien on the receiving project resulting from additional financing obtained by the owner shall be subordinate to any FHA-insured mortgage lien transferred to, or placed on, such project by the Secretary, except that the Secretary may waive this requirement upon determination that such a waiver is necessary to facilitate the financing of ac-quisition, construction, and/or rehabilitation of the receiving project or projects. (8) If the transferring project meets the re-quirements of subsection (d)(2), the owner or mortgagor of the receiving project or projects shall execute and record either a continuation of the existing use agreement or a new use agreement for the project where, in either case, any use restrictions in such agreement are of no lesser duration than the existing use restrictions. (9) The transfer does not increase the cost (as defined in section 502 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, as amended) of any FHA-insured mortgage, except to the extent that appropriations are provided in advance for the amount of any such increased cost. (d) For purposes of this section— (1) the terms ‘‘low-income’’ and ‘‘very low- income’’ shall have the meanings provided by the statute and/or regulations governing the program under which the project is in-sured or assisted; (2) the term ‘‘multifamily housing project’’ means housing that meets one of the fol-lowing conditions— (A) housing that is subject to a mortgage insured under the National Housing Act; (B) housing that has project-based assist-ance attached to the structure including projects undergoing mark to market debt re-structuring under the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Housing Act; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2770 May 12, 2016 
(C) housing that is assisted under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, as amended by section 801 of the Cranston-Gonzales Na-tional Affordable Housing Act; (D) housing that is assisted under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959, as such sec-tion existed before the enactment of the Cranston-Gonzales National Affordable Housing Act; (E) housing that is assisted under section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzales National Af-fordable Housing Act; or (F) housing or vacant land that is subject to a use agreement; (3) the term ‘‘project-based assistance’’ means— (A) assistance provided under section 8(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937; (B) assistance for housing constructed or substantially rehabilitated pursuant to as-sistance provided under section 8(b)(2) of such Act (as such section existed imme-diately before October 1, 1983); (C) rent supplement payments under sec-tion 101 of the Housing and Urban Develop-ment Act of 1965; (D) interest reduction payments under sec-tion 236 and/or additional assistance pay-ments under section 236(f)(2) of the National Housing Act; (E) assistance payments made under sec-tion 202(c)(2) of the Housing Act of 1959; and (F) assistance payments made under sec-tion 811(d)(2) of the Cranston-Gonzalez Na-tional Affordable Housing Act; (4) the term ‘‘receiving project or projects’’ means the multifamily housing project or projects to which some or all of the project- based assistance, debt, and statutorily re-quired low-income and very low-income use restrictions are to be transferred; (5) the term ‘‘transferring project’’ means the multifamily housing project which is transferring some or all of the project-based assistance, debt, and the statutorily required low-income and very low-income use restric-tions to the receiving project or projects; and (6) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development. (e) R
ESEARCH REPORT .—The Secretary shall conduct an evaluation of the transfer authority under this section, including the effect of such transfers on the operational ef-ficiency, contract rents, physical and finan-cial conditions, and long-term preservation of the affected properties. S
EC. 213. (a) No assistance shall be provided under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f) to any individual who— (1) is enrolled as a student at an institu-tion of higher education (as defined under section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002)); (2) is under 24 years of age; (3) is not a veteran; (4) is unmarried; (5) does not have a dependent child; (6) is not a person with disabilities, as such term is defined in section 3(b)(3)(E) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(3)(E)) and was not receiving assist-ance under such section 8 as of November 30, 2005; (7) is not a youth who left foster care at age 14 or older and is at risk of becoming homeless; and (8) is not otherwise individually eligible, or has parents who, individually or jointly, are not eligible, to receive assistance under sec-tion 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f). (b) For purposes of determining the eligi-bility of a person to receive assistance under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), any financial assistance (in excess of amounts received for tuition and any other required fees and charges) that an individual receives under the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.), from private sources, or an institution of higher education (as defined under the High-er Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002)), shall be considered income to that indi-vidual, except for a person over the age of 23 with dependent children. SEC. 214. The funds made available for Na-tive Alaskans under the heading ‘‘Indian Block Grants’’ in title II of this Act shall be allocated to the same Native Alaskan hous-ing block grant recipients that received funds in fiscal year 2005. S
EC. 215. Notwithstanding the limitation in the first sentence of section 255(g) of the Na-tional Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715z–20(g)), the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment may, until September 30, 2017, insure and enter into commitments to insure mort-gages under such section 255. S
EC. 216. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, in fiscal year 2017, in managing and disposing of any multifamily property that is owned or has a mortgage held by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and during the process of foreclosure on any property with a contract for rental assistance payments under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 or other Federal programs, the Secretary shall main-tain any rental assistance payments under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 and other programs that are attached to any dwelling units in the property. To the extent the Secretary determines, in con-sultation with the tenants and the local gov-ernment, that such a multifamily property owned or held by the Secretary is not fea-sible for continued rental assistance pay-ments under such section 8 or other pro-grams, based on consideration of (1) the costs of rehabilitating and operating the property and all available Federal, State, and local re-sources, including rent adjustments under section 524 of the Multifamily Assisted Hous-ing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 (‘‘MAHRAA’’) and (2) environmental condi-tions that cannot be remedied in a cost-ef-fective fashion, the Secretary may, in con-sultation with the tenants of that property, contract for project-based rental assistance payments with an owner or owners of other existing housing properties, or provide other rental assistance. The Secretary shall also take appropriate steps to ensure that project-based contracts remain in effect prior to foreclosure, subject to the exercise of contractual abatement remedies to assist relocation of tenants for imminent major threats to health and safety after written notice to and informed consent of the af-fected tenants and use of other available remedies, such as partial abatements or re-ceivership. After disposition of any multi-family property described under this section, the contract and allowable rent levels on such properties shall be subject to the re-quirements under section 524 of MAHRAA. S
EC. 217. The commitment authority fund-ed by fees as provided under the heading ‘‘Community Development Loan Guarantees Program Account’’ may be used to guar-antee, or make commitments to guarantee, notes, or other obligations issued by any State on behalf of non-entitlement commu-nities in the State in accordance with the re-quirements of section 108 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974: Pro- vided, That any State receiving such a guar-antee or commitment shall distribute all funds subject to such guarantee to the units of general local government in non-entitle-ment areas that received the commitment. S
EC. 218. Public housing agencies that own and operate 400 or fewer public housing units may elect to be exempt from any asset man-agement requirement imposed by the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development in connection with the operating fund rule: Pro- vided, That an agency seeking a discontinu-ance of a reduction of subsidy under the op-erating fund formula shall not be exempt from asset management requirements. SEC. 219. With respect to the use of amounts provided in this Act and in future Acts for the operation, capital improvement and management of public housing as au-thorized by sections 9(d) and 9(e) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(d) and (e)), the Secretary shall not im-pose any requirement or guideline relating to asset management that restricts or limits in any way the use of capital funds for cen-tral office costs pursuant to section 9(g)(1) or 9(g)(2) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(g)(1), (2)): Provided, That a public housing agency may not use capital funds authorized under section 9(d) for ac-tivities that are eligible under section 9(e) for assistance with amounts from the oper-ating fund in excess of the amounts per-mitted under section 9(g)(1) or 9(g)(2). S
EC. 220. No official or employee of the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development shall be designated as an allotment holder unless the Office of the Chief Financial Offi-cer has determined that such allotment hold-er has implemented an adequate system of funds control and has received training in funds control procedures and directives. The Chief Financial Officer shall ensure that there is a trained allotment holder for each HUD sub-office under the accounts ‘‘Execu-tive Offices’’ and ‘‘Administrative Support Offices,’’ as well as each account receiving appropriations for ‘‘Program Office Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Government National Mort-gage Association—Guarantees of Mortgage- Backed Securities Loan Guarantee Program Account’’, and ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ within the Department of Housing and Urban Development. S
EC. 221. The Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development shall, for fiscal year 2017 and hereafter, notify the pub-lic through the Federal Register and other means, as determined appropriate, of the issuance of a notice of the availability of as-sistance or notice of funding availability (NOFA) for any program or discretionary fund administered by the Secretary that is to be competitively awarded. Notwith-standing any other provision of law, for fis-cal year 2017 and hereafter, the Secretary may make the NOFA available only on the Internet at the appropriate Government web site or through other electronic media, as de-termined by the Secretary. S
EC. 222. Payment of attorney fees in pro-gram-related litigation shall be paid from the individual program office and Office of General Counsel salaries and expenses appro-priations. The annual budget submission for the program offices and the Office of General Counsel shall include any such projected liti-gation costs for attorney fees as a separate line item request. No funds provided in this title may be used to pay any such litigation costs for attorney fees until the Department submits for review a spending plan for such costs to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. S
EC. 223. The Secretary is authorized to transfer up to 10 percent or $4,000,000, which-ever is less, of funds appropriated for any of-fice under the heading ‘‘Administrative Sup-port Offices’’ or for any account under the general heading ‘‘Program Office Salaries and Expenses’’ to any other such office or ac-count: Provided, That no appropriation for any such office or account shall be increased or decreased by more than 10 percent or $4,000,000, whichever is less, without prior written approval of the House and Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2771 May 12, 2016 
Committees on Appropriations: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary shall provide notifi-cation to such Committees three business days in advance of any such transfers under this section up to 10 percent or $4,000,000, whichever is less. S
EC. 224. For fiscal year 2017 and hereafter the Disaster Housing Assistance Programs, administered by the Department of Housing and Urban Development, shall be considered a ‘‘program of the Department of Housing and Urban Development’’ under section 904 of the McKinney Act for the purpose of in-come verifications and matching. S
EC. 225. (a) The Secretary shall take ac-tion under subsection (b) when a multifamily housing project with a section 8 contract or contract for similar project-based assistance: (1) receives a Uniform Physical Condition Standards (UPCS) score of 30 or less; (2) fails to certify in writing to the Sec-retary within 3 days that all Exigent Health and Safety deficiencies identified by the in-spector at the project have been corrected; or (3) receives a UPCS score between 31 and 59 and has received consecutive scores of less than 60 on UPCS inspections. Such requirements shall apply to insured and noninsured projects with assistance at-tached to the units under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), but do not apply to such units assisted under section 8(o)(13) (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(13)) or to public housing units assisted with cap-ital or operating funds under section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g). (b) C
ORRECTIONS OF DEFICIENCIES .— (1) The Secretary shall notify the owner and provide an opportunity for response within 30 days. If the violations remain, the Secretary shall develop a Compliance, Dis-position and Enforcement Plan within 60 days and must provide the owner with a No-tice of Default with a specified timetable, de-termined by the Secretary, for correcting all deficiencies. The Secretary must also pro-vide a copy of the Notice of Default to the tenants, the local government, any mortga-gees, and any contract administrator. If the owner’s appeal results in a UPCS score of 60 or above, the Secretary may withdraw the Notice of Default. (2) At the end of the time period for cor-recting all deficiencies specified in the No-tice of Default, if the owner fails to fully cor-rect such deficiencies, the Secretary may— (A) require immediate replacement of project management with a management agent approved by the Secretary; (B) impose civil money penalties; (C) abate the section 8 contract, including partial abatement, as determined by the Sec-retary, until all deficiencies have been cor-rected; (D) pursue transfer of the project to an owner, approved by the Secretary under es-tablished procedures, which will be obligated to promptly make all required repairs and to accept renewal of the assistance contract as long as such renewal is offered; (E) transfer the existing section 8 contract to another project or projects and owner or owners; (F) pursue exclusionary sanctions, includ-ing suspensions or debarments from Federal programs; (G) seek judicial appointment of a receiver to manage the property and cure all project deficiencies or seek a judicial order of spe-cific performance requiring the owner to cure all project deficiencies; (H) work with the owner, lender, or other related party to stabilize the property in an attempt to preserve the property through compliance, transfer of ownership, or an in-fusion of capital provided by a third-party that requires time to effectuate; or (I) take any other regulatory or contrac-tual remedies available as deemed necessary and appropriate by the Secretary. (c) The Secretary shall also take appro-priate steps to ensure that project-based con-tracts remain in effect, subject to the exer-cise of contractual abatement remedies to assist relocation of tenants for major threats to health and safety after written notice to and informed consent of the affected tenants and use of other remedies set forth above. To the extent the Secretary determines, in con-sultation with the tenants and the local gov-ernment, that the property is not feasible for continued rental assistance payments under such section 8 or other programs, based on consideration of (1) the costs of rehabili-tating and operating the property and all available Federal, State, and local resources, including rent adjustments under section 524 of the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 (‘‘MAHRAA’’) and (2) environmental conditions that can-not be remedied in a cost-effective fashion, the Secretary may, in consultation with the tenants of that property, contract for project-based rental assistance payments with an owner or owners of other existing housing properties, or provide other rental assistance. (d) The Secretary shall report quarterly on all properties covered by this section that are assessed through the Real Estate Assess-ment Center and have UPCS physical inspec-tion scores of less than 60 or have received an unsatisfactory management and occu-pancy review within the past 36 months. The report shall include: (1) The enforcement actions being taken to address such conditions, including imposi-tion of civil money penalties and termi-nation of subsidies, and identify properties that have such conditions multiple times; and (2) Actions that the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development is taking to pro-tect tenants of such identified properties. S
EC. 226. None of the funds made available by this Act, or any other Act, for purposes authorized under section 8 (only with respect to the tenant-based rental assistance pro-gram) and section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.), may be used by any public housing agency for any amount of salary, including bonuses, for the chief executive officer of which, or any other official or employee of which, that exceeds the annual rate of basic pay payable for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule at any time during any public housing agency fiscal year 2017. S
EC. 227. Section 24 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437v) is amended— (1) in subsection (m)(1), by striking ‘‘fiscal year’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017.’’; and (2) in subsection (o), by striking ‘‘Sep-tember’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017.’’. S
EC. 228. None of the funds in this Act pro-vided to the Department of Housing and Urban Development may be used to make a grant award unless the Secretary notifies the House and Senate Committees on Appro-priations not less than 3 full business days before any project, State, locality, housing authority, tribe, nonprofit organization, or other entity selected to receive a grant award is announced by the Department or its offices. S
EC. 229. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require or enforce the Physical Needs Assessment (PNA). SEC. 230. None of the funds made available by this Act nor any receipts or amounts col-lected under any Federal Housing Adminis-tration program may be used to implement the Homeowners Armed with Knowledge (HAWK) program. S
EC. 231. None of the funds made available in this Act shall be used by the Federal Housing Administration, the Government National Mortgage Administration, or the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment to insure, securitize, or establish a Federal guarantee of any mortgage or mort-gage backed security that refinances or oth-erwise replaces a mortgage that has been subject to eminent domain condemnation or seizure, by a State, municipality, or any other political subdivision of a State. S
EC. 232. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to terminate the status of a unit of general local government as a metropolitan city (as defined in section 102 of the Housing and Community Develop-ment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5302)) with respect to grants under section 106 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 5306). S
EC. 233. Amounts made available under this Act which are either appropriated, allo-cated, advanced on a reimbursable basis, or transferred to the Office of Policy Develop-ment and Research in the Department of Housing and Urban Development and func-tions thereof, for research, evaluation, or statistical purposes, and which are unex-pended at the time of completion of a con-tract, grant, or cooperative agreement, may be deobligated and shall immediately be-come available and may be reobligated in that fiscal year or the subsequent fiscal year for the research, evaluation, or statistical purposes for which the amounts are made available to that Office subject to re-programming requirements in section 405 of this Act. S
EC. 234. None of the funds under this title may be used for awards, including perform-ance, special act, or spot, for any employee of the Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment who is subject to administrative discipline in fiscal year 2017, including sus-pension from work. S
EC. 235. Funds made available in this title under the heading ‘‘Homeless Assistance Grants’’ may be used by the Secretary to participate in Performance Partnership Pi-lots authorized under section 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76, section 524 of division G of Public Law 113–235, section 525 of divi-sion H of Public Law 114–113, and such au-thorities as are enacted for Performance Partnership Pilots in an appropriations Act for fiscal year 2017: Provided, That such par-ticipation shall be limited to no more than 10 continuums of care and housing activities to improve outcomes for disconnected youth. S
EC. 236. With respect to grant amounts awarded under the heading ‘‘Homeless As-sistance Grants’’ for fiscal years 2015, 2016, and 2017 for the continuum of care (CoC) pro-gram as authorized under subtitle C of title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assist-ance Act, costs paid by program income of grant recipients may count toward meeting the recipient’s matching requirements, pro-vided the costs are eligible CoC costs that supplement the recipients CoC program. S
EC. 237. Unobligated balances, including recaptures and carryover, remaining from funds appropriated to the Department of Housing and Urban Development for admin-istrative costs of the Office of Community Planning and Development associated with funds appropriated to the Department for specific disaster relief and related purposes and designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a Concurrent Reso-lution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act, includ-ing information technology costs and costs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2772 May 12, 2016 
for administering and overseeing such spe-cific disaster related funds, shall be trans-ferred to the Program Office Salaries and Expenses, Community Planning and Develop-ment account for the Department, shall re-main available until expended, and may be used for such administrative costs for admin-istering any funds appropriated to the De-partment for any disaster relief and related purposes in any prior or future act, notwith-standing the purposes for which such funds were appropriated: Provided, That the amounts transferred pursuant to this section that were previously designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and shall be transferred only if the President subsequently so designates the entire trans-fer and transmits such designation to the Congress. S
EC. 238. (a) Section 302 of the Lead-Based Paint Poisoning Prevention Act (42 U.S.C. 4822) is amended in subsection (e)— (1) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘handicapped’’ and inserting ‘‘persons with disabilities, or any 0-bedroom dwelling’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘or’’ after ‘‘expected to re-side;’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘less than 7 years of age’’ and inserting ‘‘under age 6’’; (2) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting ‘‘.’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (3). (b) Section 1004 of the Residential Lead- Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 4851b) is amended in paragraph (27)— (1) by inserting ‘‘or any 0-bedroom dwell-ing’’ after ‘‘disabilities,’’; and (2) by deleting ‘‘housing for the elderly or persons with disabilities) or any 0 bedroom dwelling’’ and inserting ‘‘housing)’’. (c) Section 401 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2681) is amended in paragraph (17)— (1) by inserting ‘‘or any 0-bedroom dwell-ing’’ after ‘‘disabilities,’’; and (2) by deleting ‘‘housing for the elderly or persons with disabilities) or any 0 bedroom dwelling’’ and inserting ‘‘housing)’’. S
EC. 239. (a) C APITAL FUND REPLACEMENT  R
ESERVES .—Section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g) is amended— (1) in subsection (j), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) T
REATMENT OF REPLACEMENT RE -
SERVE .—The requirements of this subsection shall not apply to funds held in replacement reserves established pursuant to subsection (n).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(n) E
STABLISHMENT OF REPLACEMENT RE-
SERVES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Public housing agencies shall be permitted to establish a replace-ment reserve to fund any of the capital ac-tivities listed in subsection (d)(1). ‘‘(2) S
OURCE AND AMOUNT OF FUNDS FOR RE -
PLACEMENT RESERVE .—At any time, a public housing agency may deposit funds from such agency’s Capital Fund into a replacement re-serve, subject to the following: ‘‘(A) At the discretion of the Secretary, public housing agencies may transfer and hold in a replacement reserve funds origi-nating from additional sources. ‘‘(B) No minimum transfer of funds to a re-placement reserve shall be required. ‘‘(C) At any time, a public housing agency may not hold in a replacement reserve more than the amount the public housing author-ity has determined necessary to satisfy the anticipated capital needs of properties in its portfolio assisted under this section, as out-lined in its Capital Fund 5-Year Action Plan, or a comparable plan, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(D) The Secretary may establish, by regu-lation, a maximum replacement reserve level or levels that are below amounts determined under subparagraph (C), which may be based upon the size of the portfolio assisted under this section or other factors. ‘‘(3) TRANSFER OF OPERATING FUNDS .—In first establishing a replacement reserve, the Secretary may allow public housing agencies to transfer more than 20 percent of its oper-ating funds into its replacement reserve. ‘‘(4) E
XPENDITURE .—Funds in a replace-ment reserve may be used for purposes au-thorized by subsection (d)(1) and contained in its Capital Fund 5-Year Action Plan. ‘‘(5) M
ANAGEMENT AND REPORT .—The Sec- retary shall establish appropriate accounting and reporting requirements to ensure that public housing agencies are spending funds on eligible projects and that funds in the re-placement reserve are connected to capital needs.’’. (b) F
LEXIBILITY OF OPERATING FUND A
MOUNTS .—Paragraph (1) of section 9(g) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g(g)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(1)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘—Of’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) F
LEXIBILITY IN USE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) F
LEXIBILITY FOR CAPITAL FUND  
AMOUNTS .—Of’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) F
LEXIBILITY FOR OPERATING FUND  
AMOUNTS .—Of any amounts appropriated for fiscal year 2017 or any fiscal year thereafter that are allocated for fiscal year 2017 or any fiscal year thereafter from the Operating Fund for any public housing agency, the agency may use not more than 20 percent for activities that are eligible under subsection (d) for assistance with amounts from the Capital Fund, but only if the public housing plan under section 5A for the agency pro-vides for such use.’’. S
EC. 240. Section 8(x)(2) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(x)) is amended by striking ‘‘(B)’’ and all that follows up to the period and inserting the following: ‘‘(B)(i) for a period not to exceed 36 months, otherwise eligible youths who have attained at least 18 years of age and not more than 24 years of age and who, at age 16 or older, have left or will leave foster care within 90 days, in accordance with a transi-tion plan described in section 475(5)(H) of the Social Security Act, and is homeless or is at risk of becoming homeless, or (ii) except that an applicant may extend the 36-month period, if the applicant enrolls an eligible youth in a program authorized under section 23, in accordance with the length of the con-tract of participation for that eligible youth under section 23(c)(3)’’. S
EC. 241. (a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Sec- retary of Housing and Urban Development may establish, through notice in the Federal Register, a demonstration program to incentivize public housing agencies, as de-fined in section 3(b)(6) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (in this section referred to as ‘‘the Act’’), to implement measures to reduce their energy and water consumption. (b) E
LIGIBILITY .—Public housing agencies that operate public housing programs that meet the demonstration requirements, as de-termined by the Secretary, shall be eligible for participation in the demonstration. (c) I
NCENTIVE .—The Secretary may provide an incentive to an eligible public housing agency that uses capital funds, operating funds, grants, utility rebates, and other re-sources to reduce its energy and/or water consumption in accordance with a plan ap-proved by the Secretary. (1) BASE UTILITY CONSUMPTION LEVEL .—The initial base utility consumption level under the approved plan shall be set at the public housing agency’s rolling base consumption level immediately prior to the installation of energy conservation measures. (2) F
IRST YEAR UTILITY COST SAVINGS .—For the first year that an approved plan is in ef-fect, the Secretary shall allocate the utility consumption level in the public housing op-erating fund using the base utility consump-tion level. (3) S
UBSEQUENT YEAR SAVINGS .—For each subsequent year that the plan is in effect, the Secretary shall decrease the utility con-sumption level by one percent of the initial base utility consumption level per year until the utility consumption level equals the pub-lic housing agency’s actual consumption level that followed the installation of energy conservation measures, at which time the plan will terminate. (4) U
SE OF UTILITY COST SAVINGS .—The pub- lic housing agency may use the funds result-ing from the energy conservation measures, in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3), for either operating expenses, as defined by sec-tion 9(e)(1) of the Act, or capital improve-ments, as defined by section 9(d)(1) of the Act. (5) D
URATION OF PLAN .—The length in years of the utility conservation plan shall not ex-ceed the number of percentage points in util-ity consumption reduction a public housing agency achieves through the energy con-servation measures implemented under this demonstration, but in no case shall it exceed 20 years. (6) O
THER REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary may establish such other requirements as necessary to further the purposes of this demonstration. (7) E
VALUATION .—Each public housing agency participating in the demonstration shall submit to the Secretary such perform-ance and evaluation reports concerning the reduction in energy consumption and com-pliance with the requirements of this section as the Secretary may require. (d) T
ERMINATION .—Public housing agencies may enter into this demonstration for 5 years after the date on which the demonstra-tion program is commenced. S
EC. 242. Section 211 of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Appropria-tions Act, 2008, is repealed. S
EC. 243. (a) A UTHORITY .—To encourage families to move to lower-poverty areas and expand access to opportunity areas, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development (hereafter referred to as ‘‘Secretary’’) may implement a mobility demonstration to ad-minister Housing Choice Voucher assistance under section 8(o) of the United States Hous-ing Act of 1937 (hereafter referred to as ‘‘1937 Act’’) (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)) for fiscal year 2017 through fiscal year 2021. (b) D
EMONSTRATION REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary must estab-lish the competitive selection criteria and requirements for participation in the dem-onstration. The Secretary may require par-ticipating PHAs to use a randomized selec-tion process among the families eligible to receive mobility assistance under this dem-onstration. (2) R
EGIONAL HOUSING MOBILITY PLAN .—Ap- plicant PHAs must submit a Regional Hous-ing Mobility Plan (hereafter referred to as ‘‘the Plan’’). (A) The Plan must meet all requirements established by the Secretary and must iden-tify— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2773 May 12, 2016 
(i) the PHAs that will participate in the re-gional housing mobility program and the number of vouchers each participating PHA will make available out of its existing pro-grams in support of the mobility demonstra-tion; (ii) any community-based organizations, nonprofit organizations, businesses, and other entities that commit to participate; (iii) any waivers or alternative require-ments requested for the execution of the Plan; and (iv) specific actions that the PHAs and other entities will undertake to accomplish the goals of the demonstration, which must include a comprehensive approach to enable a successful transition to opportunity areas and may include counseling and continued support for families. (B) The Plan may also establish pref-erences for participating families, including a preference for families with children, based on regional housing needs and priorities. (C) The Plan may provide for the use of ex-ception payment standards that do not ex-ceed 110 percent of the HUD-published small area Fair Market Rent for the covered excep-tion payment standard area. (D) Units contributed by a PHA partici-pating in a regional housing mobility pro-gram to a pool of vouchers that will be project-based within the jurisdiction of that program are exempt from the percentage limitation in section 8(o)(13)(B) of the 1937 Act. (c) F
UNDING FOR MOBILITY -RELATED SERV-
ICES.—In order to provide mobility-related services, PHAs participating in this dem-onstration may use administrative fees under section 8(q) of the 1937 Act (42 U.S.C. 1437f(q)), their administrative fee reserves, and funding from private entities. Mobility- related services may include but are not lim-ited to such things as counseling, portability coordination, landlord outreach, and admin-istrative activities associated with estab-lishing and operating a regional housing mo-bility program. (d) W
AIVERS OR ALTERNATIVE REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (1) In order to allow for PHAs to imple-ment and administer their Plans, the Sec-retary may waive or specify alternative re-quirements for the following provisions of the 1937 Act: (A) Sections 8(o)(7)(A) and 8(o)(13)(E)(i) (re-lated to the term of a family’s assisted lease and associated mobility requirements). (B) Section 8(o)(13)(C)(i) (related to the ability of a PHA participating in a regional housing mobility program to administer as-sistance contributed to the program con-sistent with the Plan identified in paragraph (2)). (C) Section 8(o)(13)(F) (related to the term of a housing assistance payments (HAP) con-tract). (D) Section 8(r)(2) (related to the ability of a PHA participating in a regional housing mobility program to administer assistance under section 8(o) anywhere within the juris-diction of that program). (E) Section 8(x)(2) (related to the length of time a PHA may provide assistance under section 8(o) to youth participating in the Family Unification Program (FUP)). (2) The Secretary must publish by notice in the Federal Register any waivers or alter-native requirements for statutory provisions no later than 10 days before the effective date of such notice. (e) I
MPLEMENTATION BY NOTICE .—The Sec- retary may implement the demonstration, including its terms, procedures, require-ments, and conditions, by notice. (f) E
VALUATION .—No later than five years following implementation of the regional housing mobility programs, the Secretary must publish an evaluation of the effective-ness of the demonstration, subject to the availability of funding to conduct the eval-uation. SEC. 244. The language under the heading Rental Assistance Demonstration in the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–55), is amended— (1) in the undesignated paragraph before the first proviso, by inserting the following before the colon: ‘‘(‘First Component’ here-in)’’; (2) in the second proviso, by striking ‘‘until September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2012 and thereafter’’; (3) in the fourth proviso, by striking ‘‘185,000’’ and inserting ‘‘250,000’’; (4) in the fourteenth, by— (A) inserting ‘‘or nonprofit’’ before ‘‘enti-ty, then a capable entity,’’; and (B) striking ‘‘preserves its interest’’ and inserting ‘‘or a nonprofit entity preserves an interest’’; (5) by amending the eighteenth proviso to read as follows— ‘‘Provided further, That for fiscal year 2012 and hereafter, owners of properties assisted or previously assisted under section 101 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1965, section 236(f)(2) of the National Housing Act, or section 8(e)(2) of the United States Housing Act of 1937, for which a contract ex-pires or terminates due to prepayment on or after October 1, 2006 has caused or results in the termination of rental assistance or af-fordability restrictions or both and the issuance of tenant protection vouchers under section 8(o) or section 8(t) of the Act, or with a project rental assistance contract under section 202(c)(2) of Housing Act of 1959, shall be eligible, subject to requirements estab-lished by the Secretary, including but not limited to tenant consultation procedures, for conversion of assistance available or pro-vided for such vouchers or assistance con-tracts, to assistance under a long-term project-based subsidy contract under section 8 of the Act, which shall have a term of no less than 20 years, which shall have initial rents set at comparable market rents for the market area, with subsequent rent adjust-ments only by an operating cost factor es-tablished by the Secretary, and which shall be eligible for renewal under section 524 of the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 (42 U.S.C. 1437f note), or, subject to agreement of the admin-istering public housing agency, to assistance under section 8(o)(13) of the Act, to which the limitation under subparagraph (B) of sec-tion 8(o)(13) of the Act shall not apply and for which the Secretary may waive or alter the provisions of subparagraphs (C) and (D) of section 8(o)(13) of the Act (‘‘Second Com-ponent’’ herein):’’; (6) by inserting the following proviso be-fore the nineteenth: ‘‘Provided further, That conversions of assistance under the Second Component may not be the basis for re- screening or termination of assistance or eviction of any tenant family in a property participating in the demonstration:’’; (7) in the twentieth, as amended (reor-dered) above, by striking ‘‘previous proviso’’ and all that follows through the end of the proviso and inserting ‘‘Second Component, except for conversion of Section 202 project rental assistance contracts, shall be avail-able for project-based subsidy contracts en-tered into pursuant to the Second Compo-nent:’’; (8) in the twenty-first proviso, as amended (reordered) above, by striking ‘‘previous two provisos’’ and inserting ‘‘Second Component, except for conversion of section 202 project rental assistance contracts,’’; (9) in the twenty-second proviso, as amend-ed (reordered) above, by striking ‘‘three pre-vious provisos’’ and inserting ‘‘Second Com-ponent, except for conversion of section 202 project rental assistance contracts,’’; (10) by inserting the following proviso be-fore the twenty-third proviso, as amended (reordered) above: ‘‘Provided further, That the Secretary may transfer amounts made avail-able under the heading ‘Housing for the El-derly’ to the accounts under the headings ‘Project-Based Rental Assistance’ or ‘Ten-ant-Based Rental Assistance’ to facilitate any Section 202 project rental assistance contract conversions under the Second Com-ponent, and any increase in cost for ‘Project- Based Rental Assistance’ or ‘Tenant-Based Rental Assistance’ associated with such con-version shall be equal to amounts so trans-ferred:’’; and (11) in the twenty-fourth proviso, as amended (reordered) above, by striking ‘‘pre-vious four provisos’’ and inserting ‘‘Second Component, as applicable,’’. S
EC. 245. The Secretary shall establish by notice such requirements as may be nec-essary to implement section 78001 of title LXXVIII of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (Public Law 114-94), and the notice shall take effect upon issuance: Provided, That the Secretary shall commence rulemaking based on the initial notice no later than the expiration of the 6-month pe-riod following issuance of the notice and the rulemaking shall allow for the opportunity for public comment. S
EC. 246. For fiscal year 2017 and hereafter, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment may use amounts made available for the continuum of care program under the ‘‘Homeless Assistance Grants’’ heading under this title to renew the grant originally awarded under the heading ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Perma-nent Supportive Housing’’ in chapter 6 of title III of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2008 (Public Law 110–252; 122 Stat. 2351) in the continuum of care program, author-ized under subtitle C of title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11301 et seq.). Notwithstanding any provision of law, for purposes of grant appli-cation and renewal, the State of Louisiana may continue to permit a program partici-pant to receive or retain tenant-based rental assistance outside the continuum of care’s geographic area, and the funding of such as-sistance shall not be considered operation of a continuum of care in more than one geo-graphic area. S
EC. 247. Section 428 of the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11386b) is amended by adding at the end of the section, subsection (f) to read as follows: ‘‘(f) T
RANSITION FOR REALLOCATED  G
RANT .— ‘‘(1) From amounts under this subtitle made available to carry out subtitle B and this subtitle, the Secretary may award one- year transition grants to recipients to tran-sition from one Continuum of Care program component to another. ‘‘(2) In order to be eligible to receive a transition grant, the project must have the consent of the Continuum of Care, and meet standards determined by the Secretary.’’. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development Appro-priations Act, 2017’’. TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES A
CCESS BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Access Board, as authorized by section 502 of the Re-habilitation Act of 1973, as amended, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2774 May 12, 2016 
$8,190,000: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, there may be credited to this appropriation funds received for publications and training expenses. F
EDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Mar-itime Commission, as authorized by section 201(d) of the Merchant Marine Act, 1936, as amended (46 U.S.C. 307), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343(b); and uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902, $27,490,000: Provided, That not to exceed $2,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. N
ATIONAL RAILROAD PASSENGER CORPORATION  O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General for the National Railroad Passenger Corporation to carry out the pro-visions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $23,274,000: Provided, That the Inspector General shall have all necessary authority, in carrying out the duties speci-fied in the Inspector General Act, as amend-ed (5 U.S.C. App. 3), to investigate allega-tions of fraud, including false statements to the government (18 U.S.C. 1001), by any per-son or entity that is subject to regulation by the National Railroad Passenger Corpora-tion: Provided further, That the Inspector General may enter into contracts and other arrangements for audits, studies, analyses, and other services with public agencies and with private persons, subject to the applica-ble laws and regulations that govern the ob-taining of such services within the National Railroad Passenger Corporation: Provided further, That the Inspector General may se-lect, appoint, and employ such officers and employees as may be necessary for carrying out the functions, powers, and duties of the Office of Inspector General, subject to the applicable laws and regulations that govern such selections, appointments, and employ-ment within the Corporation: Provided fur-ther, That concurrent with the President’s budget request for fiscal year 2018, the In-spector General shall submit to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations a budget request for fiscal year 2018 in similar format and substance to those submitted by executive agencies of the Federal Govern-ment. N
ATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Transportation Safety Board, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the rate for a GS–15; uniforms, or allowances therefor, as author-ized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901–5902), $106,000,000, of which not to exceed $2,000 may be used for official reception and representation ex-penses. The amounts made available to the National Transportation Safety Board in this Act include amounts necessary to make lease payments on an obligation incurred in fiscal year 2001 for a capital lease. N
EIGHBORHOOD REINVESTMENT CORPORATION  
PAYMENT TO THE NEIGHBORHOOD  
REINVESTMENT CORPORATION  For payment to the Neighborhood Rein-vestment Corporation for use in neighbor-hood reinvestment activities, as authorized by the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corpora-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 8101–8107), $135,000,000, of which $5,000,000 shall be for a multi-family rental housing program. UNITED STATES INTERAGENCY COUNCIL ON  H
OMELESSNESS  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses (including payment of salaries, authorized travel, hire of pas-senger motor vehicles, the rental of con-ference rooms, and the employment of ex-perts and consultants under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code) of the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness in carrying out the functions pursuant to title II of the McKinney-Vento Homeless As-sistance Act, as amended, $3,600,000: Provided, That title II of the McKinney-Vento Home-less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11319) is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ in sec-tion 209 and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2018’’ and in section 204(a) by striking ‘‘level V’’ and inserting ‘‘level IV’’. S
URFACE TRANSPORTATION BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Surface Transportation Board, including services au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $37,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $1,250,000 from fees estab-lished by the Chairman of the Surface Trans-portation Board shall be credited to this ap-propriation as offsetting collections and used for necessary and authorized expenses under this heading: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced by a dollar-for-dollar basis as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2017, to result in a final ap-propriation from the general fund estimated at no more than $35,750,000. TITLE IV GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS ACT S
EC. 401. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for the planning or execution of any program to pay the expenses of, or otherwise compensate, non-Federal parties intervening in regulatory or adjudicatory proceedings funded in this Act. S
EC. 402. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obliga-tion beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appropriations, unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 403. The expenditure of any appropria-tion under this Act for any consulting serv-ice through a procurement contract pursu-ant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of pub-lic record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under exist-ing law, or under existing Executive order issued pursuant to existing law. S
EC. 404. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in the Act may be obligated or expended for any employee training that— (1) does not meet identified needs for knowledge, skills, and abilities bearing di-rectly upon the performance of official du-ties; (2) contains elements likely to induce high levels of emotional response or psychological stress in some participants; (3) does not require prior employee notifi-cation of the content and methods to be used in the training and written end of course evaluation; (4) contains any methods or content associ-ated with religious or quasi-religious belief systems or ‘‘new age’’ belief systems as de-fined in Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Notice 915.022, dated September 2, 1988; or (5) is offensive to, or designed to change, participants’ personal values or lifestyle out-side the workplace. (b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, restrict, or otherwise preclude an agency from conducting training bearing directly upon the performance of official duties. SEC. 405. Except as otherwise provided in this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2017, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees and available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates a new program; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Con-gress; (4) proposes to use funds directed for a spe-cific activity by either the House or Senate Committees on Appropriations for a dif-ferent purpose; (5) augments existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 per-cent, whichever is less; (6) reduces existing programs, projects, or activities by $5,000,000 or 10 percent, which-ever is less; or (7) creates, reorganizes, or restructures a branch, division, office, bureau, board, com-mission, agency, administration, or depart-ment different from the budget justifications submitted to the Committees on Appropria-tions or the table accompanying the explana-tory statement accompanying this Act, whichever is more detailed, unless prior ap-proval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each agency funded by this Act shall submit a report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and of the House of Representatives to establish the baseline for application of reprogram-ming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year: Provided further, That the report shall include— (A) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the prior year en-acted level, the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (B) a delineation in the table for each ap-propriation and its respective prior year en-acted level by object class and program, project, and activity as detailed in the budg-et appendix for the respective appropriation; and (C) an identification of items of special congressional interest. S
EC. 406. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2017 from appropria-tions made available for salaries and ex-penses for fiscal year 2017 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2018, for each such account for the purposes au-thorized: Provided, That a request shall be submitted to the House and Senate Commit-tees on Appropriations for approval prior to the expenditure of such funds: Provided fur-ther, That these requests shall be made in compliance with reprogramming guidelines under section 405 of this Act. S
EC. 407. No funds in this Act may be used to support any Federal, State, or local projects that seek to use the power of emi-nent domain, unless eminent domain is em-ployed only for a public use: Provided, That for purposes of this section, public use shall not be construed to include economic devel-opment that primarily benefits private enti-ties: Provided further, That any use of funds for mass transit, railroad, airport, seaport or highway projects, as well as utility projects 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2775 May 12, 2016 
which benefit or serve the general public (in-cluding energy-related, communication-re-lated, water-related and wastewater-related infrastructure), other structures designated for use by the general public or which have other common-carrier or public-utility func-tions that serve the general public and are subject to regulation and oversight by the government, and projects for the removal of an immediate threat to public health and safety or brownfields as defined in the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act (Public Law 107–118) shall be considered a public use for purposes of eminent domain. S
EC. 408. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropria-tions Act. S
EC. 409. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall be available to pay the salary for any person filling a position, other than a temporary position, formerly held by an employee who has left to enter the Armed Forces of the United States and has satisfactorily completed his or her pe-riod of active military or naval service, and has within 90 days after his or her release from such service or from hospitalization continuing after discharge for a period of not more than 1 year, made application for res-toration to his or her former position and has been certified by the Office of Personnel Management as still qualified to perform the duties of his or her former position and has not been restored thereto. S
EC. 410. No funds appropriated pursuant to this Act may be expended by an entity un-less the entity agrees that in expending the assistance the entity will comply with sec-tions 2 through 4 of the Act of March 3, 1933 (41 U.S.C. 8301–8305, popularly known as the ‘‘Buy American Act’’). S
EC. 411. No funds appropriated or other-wise made available under this Act shall be made available to any person or entity that has been convicted of violating the Buy American Act (41 U.S.C. 8301–8305). S
EC. 412. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for first-class airline accommodations in contravention of sec-tions 301–10.122 and 301–10.123 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 413. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to approve a new foreign air carrier permit under sections 41301 through 41305 of title 49, United States Code, or exemption application under section 40109 of that title of an air carrier already holding an air operators certificate issued by a country that is party to the U.S.-E.U.-Ice-land-Norway Air Transport Agreement where such approval would contravene United States law or Article 17 bis of the U.S.-E.U.-Iceland-Norway Air Transport Agreement. (b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, restrict or otherwise preclude the Secretary of Transportation from granting a foreign air carrier permit or an exemption to such an air carrier where such authorization is consistent with the U.S.-E.U.-Iceland-Nor-way Air Transport Agreement and United States law. S
EC. 414. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to send or otherwise pay for the attendance of more than 50 em-ployees of a single agency or department of the United States Government, who are sta-tioned in the United States, at any single international conference unless the relevant Secretary reports to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations at least 5 days in advance that such attendance is im-portant to the national interest: Provided, That for purposes of this section the term ‘‘international conference’’ shall mean a conference occurring outside of the United States attended by representatives of the United States Government and of foreign governments, international organizations, or nongovernmental organizations. SEC. 415. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used by the Surface Transportation Board to charge or collect any filing fee for rate or practice complaints filed with the Board in an amount in excess of the amount author-ized for district court civil suit filing fees under section 1914 of title 28, United States Code. S
EC. 416. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Transportation, the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, or any other Federal agency under this Act to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any ex-ecutive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inven-tory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’. DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facili-ties, and real property for the Army as cur-rently authorized by law, including per-sonnel in the Army Corps of Engineers and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, and for con-struction and operation of facilities in sup-port of the functions of the Commander in Chief, $532,359,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  C
ORPS  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, naval installations, facilities, and real property for the Navy and Marine Corps as currently authorized by law, includ-ing personnel in the Naval Facilities Engi-neering Command and other personal serv-ices necessary for the purposes of this appro-priation, $1,087,572,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facili-ties, and real property for the Air Force as currently authorized by law, $1,579,798,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, installations, facilities, and real property for activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as currently author-ized by law, $2,038,980,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amounts of this appropriation as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to such appropriations of the Department of Defense available for military construction or family housing as the Secretary may designate, to be merged with and to be available for the same pur-poses, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYNATIONAL  G
UARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army National Guard, and contributions therefor, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $232,930,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air National Guard, and contributions there-for, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construc-tion Authorization Acts, $143,957,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2021. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $68,230,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the re-serve components of the Navy and Marine Corps as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Con-struction Authorization Acts, $38,597,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE RESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air Force Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Mili-tary Construction Authorization Acts, $188,950,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021. N
ORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION  S
ECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM  For the United States share of the cost of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Se-curity Investment Program for the acquisi-tion and construction of military facilities and installations (including international military headquarters) and for related ex-penses for the collective defense of the North Atlantic Treaty Area as authorized by sec-tion 2806 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $177,932,000, to remain available until ex-pended. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASECLOSURE  A
CCOUNT  For deposit into the Department of De-fense Base Closure Account, established by section 2906(a) of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (10 U.S.C. 2687 note), $205,237,000, to remain available until expended. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , ARMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for operation and maintenance, includ-ing debt payment, leasing, minor construc-tion, principal and interest charges, and in-surance premiums, as authorized by law, $325,995,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2776 May 12, 2016 
FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , NAVY AND MARINE CORPS  For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leas-ing, minor construction, principal and inter-est charges, and insurance premiums, as au-thorized by law, $300,915,000. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for operation and maintenance, in-cluding debt payment, leasing, minor con-struction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $274,429,000. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE For expenses of family housing for the ac-tivities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military depart-ments) for operation and maintenance, leas-ing, and minor construction, as authorized by law, $59,157,000. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FAMILY HOUSING  I
MPROVEMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Family Housing Improvement Fund, $3,258,000, to re-main available until expended, for family housing initiatives undertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alternative means of acquiring and improving military family housing and sup-porting facilities. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for construction, including acquisi-tion, replacement, addition, expansion, ex-tension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $200,735,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS  For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for construction, in-cluding acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as au-thorized by law, $94,011,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2021. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for construction, including acquisi-tion, replacement, addition, expansion, ex-tension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $61,352,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 101. None of the funds made available in this title shall be expended for payments under a cost-plus-a-fixed-fee contract for construction, where cost estimates exceed $25,000, to be performed within the United States, except Alaska, without the specific approval in writing of the Secretary of De-fense setting forth the reasons therefor. S
EC. 102. Funds made available in this title for construction shall be available for hire of passenger motor vehicles. S
EC. 103. Funds made available in this title for construction may be used for advances to the Federal Highway Administration, De-partment of Transportation, for the con-struction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code, when projects authorized therein are cer-tified as important to the national defense by the Secretary of Defense. S
EC. 104. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to begin construc-tion of new bases in the United States for which specific appropriations have not been made. S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for purchase of land or land easements in excess of 100 per-cent of the value as determined by the Army Corps of Engineers or the Naval Facilities Engineering Command, except: (1) where there is a determination of value by a Fed-eral court; (2) purchases negotiated by the Attorney General or the designee of the At-torney General; (3) where the estimated value is less than $25,000; or (4) as otherwise determined by the Secretary of Defense to be in the public interest. SEC. 106. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used to: (1) acquire land; (2) provide for site preparation; or (3) install utilities for any family housing, except hous-ing for which funds have been made available in annual Acts making appropriations for military construction. S
EC. 107. None of the funds made available in this title for minor construction may be used to transfer or relocate any activity from one base or installation to another, without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress. S
EC. 108. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for the procurement of steel for any construction project or activ-ity for which American steel producers, fab-ricators, and manufacturers have been de-nied the opportunity to compete for such steel procurement. S
EC. 109. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for military con-struction or family housing during the cur-rent fiscal year may be used to pay real property taxes in any foreign nation. S
EC. 110. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to initiate a new in-stallation overseas without prior notifica-tion to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 111. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated for architect and engineer contracts estimated by the Government to exceed $500,000 for projects to be accomplished in Japan, in any North At-lantic Treaty Organization member country, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, unless such contracts are awarded to United States firms or United States firms in joint venture with host nation firms. S
EC. 112. None of the funds made available in this title for military construction in the United States territories and possessions in the Pacific and on Kwajalein Atoll, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, may be used to award any contract estimated by the Government to exceed $1,000,000 to a for-eign contractor: Provided, That this section shall not be applicable to contract awards for which the lowest responsive and respon-sible bid of a United States contractor ex-ceeds the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a foreign contractor by greater than 20 percent: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to contract awards for mili-tary construction on Kwajalein Atoll for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid is submitted by a Marshallese con-tractor. S
EC. 113. The Secretary of Defense shall in-form the appropriate committees of both Houses of Congress, including the Commit-tees on Appropriations, of plans and scope of any proposed military exercise involving United States personnel 30 days prior to its occurring, if amounts expended for construc-tion, either temporary or permanent, are an-ticipated to exceed $100,000. S
EC. 114. Funds appropriated to the Depart-ment of Defense for construction in prior years shall be available for construction au-thorized for each such military department by the authorizations enacted into law dur-ing the current session of Congress. S
EC. 115. For military construction or fam-ily housing projects that are being com-pleted with funds otherwise expired or lapsed for obligation, expired or lapsed funds may be used to pay the cost of associated super-vision, inspection, overhead, engineering and design on those projects and on subsequent claims, if any. SEC. 116. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any funds made available to a military department or defense agency for the construction of military projects may be obligated for a military construction project or contract, or for any portion of such a project or contract, at any time before the end of the fourth fiscal year after the fiscal year for which funds for such project were made available, if the funds obligated for such project: (1) are obligated from funds available for military construction projects; and (2) do not exceed the amount appro-priated for such project, plus any amount by which the cost of such project is increased pursuant to law. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 117. Subject to 30 days prior notifica-tion, or 14 days for a notification provided in an electronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, such additional amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to: (1) the De-partment of Defense Family Housing Im-provement Fund from amounts appropriated for construction in ‘‘Family Housing’’ ac-counts, to be merged with and to be avail-able for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated di-rectly to the Fund; or (2) the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund from amounts appro-priated for construction of military unac-companied housing in ‘‘Military Construc-tion’’ accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated directly to the Fund: Provided, That appro-priations made available to the Funds shall be available to cover the costs, as defined in section 502(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of direct loans or loan guaran-tees issued by the Department of Defense pursuant to the provisions of subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, pertaining to alternative means of acquiring and improving military family housing, mili-tary unaccompanied housing, and supporting facilities. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 118. In addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of De-fense, amounts may be transferred from the Department of Defense Base Closure Account to the fund established by section 1013(d) of the Demonstration Cities and Metropolitan Development Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374) to pay for expenses associated with the Home-owners Assistance Program incurred under 42 U.S.C. 3374(a)(1)(A). Any amounts trans-ferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the fund to which transferred. S
EC. 119. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, funds made available in this title for operation and maintenance of family housing shall be the exclusive source of funds for repair and maintenance of all fam-ily housing units, including general or flag officer quarters: Provided, That not more than $35,000 per unit may be spent annually for the maintenance and repair of any gen-eral or flag officer quarters without 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notifica-tion provided in an electronic medium pursu-ant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress, except that an after-the-fact notification shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2777 May 12, 2016 
submitted if the limitation is exceeded sole-ly due to costs associated with environ-mental remediation that could not be rea-sonably anticipated at the time of the budg-et submission: Provided further, That the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) is to report annually to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress all operation and maintenance expenditures for each individual general or flag officer quar-ters for the prior fiscal year. S
EC. 120. Amounts contained in the Ford Island Improvement Account established by subsection (h) of section 2814 of title 10, United States Code, are appropriated and shall be available until expended for the pur-poses specified in subsection (i)(1) of such section or until transferred pursuant to sub-section (i)(3) of such section. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 121. During the 5-year period after ap-propriations available in this Act to the De-partment of Defense for military construc-tion and family housing operation and main-tenance and construction have expired for obligation, upon a determination that such appropriations will not be necessary for the liquidation of obligations or for making au-thorized adjustments to such appropriations for obligations incurred during the period of availability of such appropriations, unobli-gated balances of such appropriations may be transferred into the appropriation ‘‘For-eign Currency Fluctuations, Construction, Defense’’, to be merged with and to be avail-able for the same time period and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred. S
EC. 122. Amounts appropriated or other-wise made available in an account funded under the headings in this title may be transferred among projects and activities within the account in accordance with the reprogramming guidelines for military con-struction and family housing construction contained in Department of Defense Finan-cial Management Regulation 7000.14–R, Vol-ume 3, Chapter 7, of February 2009, as in ef-fect on the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 123. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated or expended for planning and design and construction of projects at Arlington National Cemetery. S
EC. 124. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Sub-committee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives. S
EC. 125. For an additional amount for the accounts and in the amounts specified, to re-main available until September 30, 2021: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $40,500,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $143,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $195,465,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Defense-Wide’’, $64,364,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Army National Guard’’, $16,500,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air National Guard’’, $11,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Army Reserve’’, $30,000,000; ‘‘Family Housing Construction, Army’’, $14,400,000: Provided, That such funds may only be obli-gated to carry out construction projects identified in the respective military depart-ment’s unfunded priority list for fiscal year 2017 submitted to Congress: Provided further, That such funds are subject to authorization prior to obligation and expenditure of funds to carry out construction: Provided further, That not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the military de-partment concerned, or their designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. (RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 126. Of the unobligated balances avail-able to the Department of Defense from prior appropriation Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following ac-counts in the amounts specified: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $30,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $22,340,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Defense-Wide’’, $132,283,000; and ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Organization Secu-rity Investment Program’’, $15,000,000: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to a con-current resolution on the budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended. S
EC. 127. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used to consolidate or relo-cate any element of a United States Air Force Rapid Engineer Deployable Heavy Operational Repair Squadron Engineer (RED HORSE) outside of the United States until the Secretary of the Air Force (1) completes an analysis and comparison of the cost and infrastructure investment required to con-solidate or relocate a RED HORSE squadron outside of the United States versus within the United States; (2) provides to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress (‘‘the Committees’’) a report detail-ing the findings of the cost analysis; and (3) certifies in writing to the Committees that the preferred site for the consolidation or re-location yields the greatest savings for the Air Force: Provided, That the term ‘‘United States’’ in this section does not include any territory or possession of the United States. S
EC. 128. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the clo-sure or transfer of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS V
ETERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  
COMPENSATION AND PENSIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the payment of compensation benefits to or on behalf of veterans and a pilot pro-gram for disability examinations as author-ized by section 107 and chapters 11, 13, 18, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; pension benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 15, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; and burial benefits, the Reinstated Entitlement Pro-gram for Survivors, emergency and other of-ficers’ retirement pay, adjusted-service cred-its and certificates, payment of premiums due on commercial life insurance policies guaranteed under the provisions of title IV of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 541 et seq.) and for other benefits as authorized by sections 107, 1312, 1977, and 2106, and chapters 23, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $90,119,449,000, to re-main available until expended and to become available on October 1, 2017: Provided, That not to exceed $17,224,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2018 under this head-ing shall be reimbursed to ‘‘General Oper-ating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration’’, and ‘‘Information Technology Sys-tems’’ for necessary expenses in imple-menting the provisions of chapters 51, 53, and 55 of title 38, United States Code, the funding source for which is specifically provided as the ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’ appropria-tion: Provided further, That such sums as may be earned on an actual qualifying pa-tient basis, shall be reimbursed to ‘‘Medical Care Collections Fund’’ to augment the fund-ing of individual medical facilities for nurs-ing home care provided to pensioners as au-thorized. READJUSTMENT BENEFITS  For the payment of readjustment and reha-bilitation benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 21, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 39, 41, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $13,708,648,000, to remain avail-able until expended and to become available on October 1, 2017: Provided, That expenses for rehabilitation program services and as-sistance which the Secretary is authorized to provide under subsection (a) of section 3104 of title 38, United States Code, other than under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of that subsection, shall be charged to this account. 
VETERANS INSURANCE AND INDEMNITIES  For military and naval insurance, national service life insurance, servicemen’s indem-nities, service-disabled veterans insurance, and veterans mortgage life insurance as au-thorized by chapters 19 and 21, title 38, United States Code, $124,504,000, to remain available until expended, of which $107,899,000 shall become available on Octo-ber 1, 2017. 
VETERANS HOUSING BENEFIT PROGRAM FUND  For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, such sums as may be necessary to carry out the program, as authorized by sub-chapters I through III of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That, during fiscal year 2017, within the resources available, not to exceed $500,000 in gross obligations for direct loans are authorized for specially adapted housing loans. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $198,856,000. 
VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION LOANS PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans, $36,000, as au-thorized by chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, in-cluding the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided fur-ther, That funds made available under this heading are available to subsidize gross obli-gations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $2,517,000. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct loan pro-gram, $389,000, which may be paid to the ap-propriation for ‘‘General Operating Ex-penses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
NATIVE AMERICAN VETERAN HOUSING LOAN  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program authorized by sub-chapter V of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, $1,163,000. 
GENERAL OPERATING EXPENSES , VETERANS  
BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  For necessary operating expenses of the Veterans Benefits Administration, not other-wise provided for, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, reimbursement of the Gen-eral Services Administration for security guard services, and reimbursement of the De-partment of Defense for the cost of overseas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2778 May 12, 2016 
employee mail, $2,856,160,000: Provided, That expenses for services and assistance author-ized under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of section 3104(a) of title 38, United States Code, that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines are necessary to enable entitled veterans: (1) to the maximum extent fea-sible, to become employable and to obtain and maintain suitable employment; or (2) to achieve maximum independence in daily liv-ing, shall be charged to this account: Pro- vided further, That, of the funds made avail-able under this heading, not to exceed 5 per-cent shall remain available until September 30, 2018. V
ETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
MEDICAL SERVICES  For necessary expenses for furnishing, as authorized by law, inpatient and outpatient care and treatment to beneficiaries of the Department of Veterans Affairs and veterans described in section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code, including care and treatment in facilities not under the jurisdiction of the Department, and including medical supplies and equipment, bioengineering services, food services, and salaries and expenses of healthcare employees hired under title 38, United States Code, aid to State homes as authorized by section 1741 of title 38, United States Code, assistance and support services for caregivers as authorized by section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, loan repay-ments authorized by section 604 of the Care-givers and Veterans Omnibus Health Serv-ices Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1174; 38 U.S.C. 7681 note), and hospital care and medical services authorized by section 1787 of title 38, United States Code; $1,078,993,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2016; and, in addition, $44,886,554,000, plus re-imbursements, shall become available on Oc-tober 1, 2017, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2017, under this heading, $1,400,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall establish a priority for the provision of medical treatment for vet-erans who have service-connected disabil-ities, lower income, or have special needs: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall give priority funding for the provision of basic medical benefits to veterans in enrollment priority groups 1 through 6: Provided further, That, notwith-standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs may authorize the dispensing of prescription drugs from Vet-erans Health Administration facilities to en-rolled veterans with privately written pre-scriptions based on requirements established by the Secretary: Provided further, That the implementation of the program described in the previous proviso shall incur no addi-tional cost to the Department of Veterans Affairs: Provided further, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that suffi-cient amounts appropriated under this head-ing for medical supplies and equipment are available for the acquisition of prosthetics designed specifically for female veterans. 
MEDICAL COMMUNITY CARE  For necessary expenses for furnishing health care to individuals pursuant to chap-ter 17 of title 38, United States Code, at non- Department facilities, $7,246,181,000, plus re-imbursements, of which $2,000,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020; and, in addition, $9,409,118,000 shall become available on October 1, 2017, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That of the amount made available on Octo-ber 1, 2017, $1,500,000,000 shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2021. MEDICAL SUPPORT AND COMPLIANCE  For necessary expenses in the administra-tion of the medical, hospital, nursing home, domiciliary, construction, supply, and re-search activities, as authorized by law; ad-ministrative expenses in support of capital policy activities; and administrative and legal expenses of the Department for col-lecting and recovering amounts owed the De-partment as authorized under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, and the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651 et seq.), $6,654,480,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2017, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2017, under this head-ing, $100,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. 
MEDICAL FACILITIES  For necessary expenses for the mainte-nance and operation of hospitals, nursing homes, domiciliary facilities, and other nec-essary facilities of the Veterans Health Ad-ministration; for administrative expenses in support of planning, design, project manage-ment, real property acquisition and disposi-tion, construction, and renovation of any fa-cility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department; for oversight, engineering, and architectural activities not charged to project costs; for repairing, altering, improv-ing, or providing facilities in the several hos-pitals and homes under the jurisdiction of the Department, not otherwise provided for, either by contract or by the hire of tem-porary employees and purchase of materials; for leases of facilities; and for laundry serv-ices; $495,100,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2016; and, in addition, $5,434,880,000, plus re-imbursements, shall become available on Oc-tober 1, 2017, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2017, under this heading, $250,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. 
MEDICAL AND PROSTHETIC RESEARCH  For necessary expenses in carrying out programs of medical and prosthetic research and development as authorized by chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, $675,366,000, plus reimbursements, shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that sufficient amounts appropriated under this heading are available for prosthetic re-search specifically for female veterans, and for toxic exposure research. N
ATIONAL CEMETERY ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses of the National Cemetery Administration for operations and maintenance, not otherwise provided for, in-cluding uniforms or allowances therefor; cemeterial expenses as authorized by law; purchase of one passenger motor vehicle for use in cemeterial operations; hire of pas-senger motor vehicles; and repair, alteration or improvement of facilities under the juris-diction of the National Cemetery Adminis-tration, $286,193,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018. D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  
GENERAL ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary operating expenses of the Department of Veterans Affairs, not other-wise provided for, including administrative expenses in support of Department-wide cap-ital planning, management and policy activi-ties, uniforms, or allowances therefor; not to exceed $25,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, $417,959,000, of which not to exceed 5 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That funds pro-vided under this heading may be transferred to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. BOARD OF VETERANS APPEALS  For necessary operating expenses of the Board of Veterans Appeals, $156,096,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That up to $2,500,000 may be available to fa-cilitate the furnishing of legal and other as-sistance, without charge, to veterans and other individuals who are unable to afford the cost of legal representation in connec-tion with a decision by the Board of Vet-erans Appeals under chapter 71 of title 38, United States Code, in accordance with the process and reporting procedures set forth in Public Law 102–229 under the heading ‘‘Sala-ries and Expenses’’ under the heading ‘‘Court of Veterans Appeals’’: Provided further, That the Board of Veterans Appeals submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a certification that there is a substantial unmet need for pro bono rep-resentation before the Board of Veterans Ap-peals prior to expending funds for this pur-pose. 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for information technology systems and telecommunications support, including developmental informa-tion systems and operational information systems; for pay and associated costs; and for the capital asset acquisition of informa-tion technology systems, including manage-ment and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including contractual costs as-sociated with operations authorized by sec-tion 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $4,278,259,000, plus reimbursements: Provided, That $1,272,548,000 shall be for pay and associ-ated costs, of which not to exceed $37,100,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided further, That $2,534,442,000 shall be for operations and maintenance, of which not to exceed $180,200,000 shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2018: Provided fur-ther, That $471,269,000 shall be for informa-tion technology systems development, mod-ernization, and enhancement, and shall re-main available until September 30, 2018: Pro- vided further, That amounts made available for information technology systems develop-ment, modernization, and enhancement may not be obligated or expended until the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs or the Chief Infor-mation Officer of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a certification of the amounts, in parts or in full, to be obligated and expended for each development project: Provided further, That amounts made available for salaries and ex-penses, operations and maintenance, and in-formation technology systems development, modernization, and enhancement may be transferred among the three subaccounts after the Secretary of Veterans Affairs re-quests from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further, That amounts made available for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account for development, mod-ernization, and enhancement may be trans-ferred among projects or to newly defined 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2779 May 12, 2016 
projects: Provided further, That no project may be increased or decreased by more than $1,000,000 of cost prior to submitting a re-quest to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress to make the transfer and an approval is issued, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed: Provided further, That funds under this head-ing may be used by the Interagency Program Office through the Department of Veterans Affairs to define data standards, code sets, and value sets used to enable interoper-ability: Provided further, That of the funds made available for information technology systems development, modernization, and enhancement for VistA Evolution or any successor program, not more than 25 percent may be obligated or expended until the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs: (1) Certifies in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress that the Department of Veterans Af-fairs has met the requirements contained in the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66) which require that electronic health record sys-tems of the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs have reached interoperability, comply with national standards and architectural requirements identified by the DoD/VA Interagency Pro-gram Office in collaboration with the Office of National Coordinator for Health Informa-tion Technology; (2) submits to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress the VistA Evolution Business Case and sup-porting documents regarding continuation of VistA Evolution or alternatives to VistA Evolution, including an analysis of necessary or desired capabilities, technical and secu-rity requirements, the plan for modernizing the platform framework, and all associated costs; (3) submits to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress, and such Committees approve, the following: a report that describes a strategic plan for VistA Evolution, or any successor program, and the associated implementation plan in-cluding metrics and timelines; a master schedule and lifecycle cost estimate for VistA Evolution or any successor; and an im-plementation plan for the transition from the Project Management Accountability System to a new project delivery framework, the Veteran-focused Integration Process, that includes the methodology by which projects will be tracked, progress measured, and deliverables evaluated; (4) submits to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress a report outlining the strategic plan to reach inter-operability with private sector healthcare providers, the timeline for reaching ‘‘mean-ingful use’’ as defined by the Office of Na-tional Coordinator for Health Information Technology for each data domain covered under the VistA Evolution program, and the extent to which the Department of Veterans Affairs leverages the State Health Informa-tion Exchanges to share health data with private sector providers; and (5) submits to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress, and such Committees approve, the following: a report that describes the extent to which VistA Evolution, or any successor program, maximizes the use of commercially available software used by DoD and the private sector, requires an open architecture that leverages best practices and rapidly adapts to tech-nologies produced by the private sector, en-hances full interoperability between the VA and DoD and between VA and the private sector, and ensures the security of person-ally identifiable information of veterans and beneficiaries: Provided further, That the funds made avail-able under this heading for information tech-nology systems development, modernization, and enhancement, shall be for the projects, and in the amounts, specified under this heading in the report accompanying this Act. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, to include information technology, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $160,106,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018. 
CONSTRUCTION , MAJOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and improving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, including planning, architec-tural and engineering services, construction management services, maintenance or guar-antee period services costs associated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construc-tion costs, and site acquisition, where the es-timated cost of a project is more than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, or where funds for a project were made available in a pre-vious major project appropriation, $528,110,000, of which $448,110,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021, and of which $80,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That except for advance planning activities, including needs assess-ments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and other capital asset man-agement related activities, including port-folio development and management activi-ties, and investment strategy studies funded through the advance planning fund and the planning and design activities funded through the design fund, including needs as-sessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and salaries and associ-ated costs of the resident engineers who oversee those capital investments funded through this account and contracting offi-cers who manage specific major construction projects, and funds provided for the pur-chase, security, and maintenance of land for the National Cemetery Administration through the land acquisition line item, none of the funds made available under this head-ing shall be used for any project that has not been notified to Congress through the budg-etary process or that has not been approved by the Congress through statute, joint reso-lution, or in the explanatory statement ac-companying such Act and presented to the President at the time of enrollment: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for fiscal year 2017, for each ap-proved project shall be obligated: (1) by the awarding of a construction documents con-tract by September 30, 2017; and (2) by the awarding of a construction contract by Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided further, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall promptly submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a written report on any approved major construction project for which obligations are not incurred within the time limitations established above: Pro- vided further, That, of the amount made available under this heading, $222,620,000 for Veterans Health Administration major con-struction projects shall not be available until the Department of Veterans Affairs— (1) enters into an agreement with an appro-priate non-Department of Veterans Affairs Federal entity to serve as the design and/or construction agent for any Veterans Health Administration major construction project with a Total Estimated Cost of $100,000,000 or above by providing full project management services, including management of the project design, acquisition, construction, and contract changes, consistent with section 502 of Public Law 114–58; and (2) certifies in writing that such an agree-ment is executed and intended to minimize or prevent subsequent major construction project cost overruns and provides a copy of the agreement entered into and any required supplementary information to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
CONSTRUCTION , MINOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and improving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, including planning and assessments of needs which may lead to capital invest-ments, architectural and engineering serv-ices, maintenance or guarantee period serv-ices costs associated with equipment guaran-tees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construction costs, and site acquisition, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, where the estimated cost of a project is equal to or less than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, $372,069,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, along with unobligated balances of previous ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’ appropriations which are hereby made available for any project where the estimated cost is equal to or less than the amount set forth in such sec-tion: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be for: (1) repairs to any of the nonmedical facilities under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department which are necessary because of loss or dam-age caused by any natural disaster or catas-trophe; and (2) temporary measures nec-essary to prevent or to minimize further loss by such causes. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF STATE  
EXTENDED CARE FACILITIES  For grants to assist States to acquire or construct State nursing home and domi-ciliary facilities and to remodel, modify, or alter existing hospital, nursing home, and domiciliary facilities in State homes, for fur-nishing care to veterans as authorized by sections 8131 through 8137 of title 38, United States Code, $90,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF VETERANS  
CEMETERIES  For grants to assist States and tribal orga-nizations in establishing, expanding, or im-proving veterans cemeteries as authorized by section 2408 of title 38, United States Code, $45,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. Any appropriation for fiscal year 2017 for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Re-adjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insur-ance and Indemnities’’ may be transferred as necessary to any other of the mentioned ap-propriations: Provided, That, before a trans-fer may take place, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall request from the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and such Committees issue an approval, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2780 May 12, 2016 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 202. Amounts made available for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017, in this or any other Act, under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ accounts may be transferred among the accounts: Provided, That any transfers between the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Support and Compli-ance’’ accounts of 1 percent or less of the total amount appropriated to the account in this or any other Act may take place subject to notification from the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress of the amount and purpose of the transfer: Provided further, That any transfers between the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts in excess of 1 per-cent, or exceeding the cumulative 1 percent for the fiscal year, may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further, That any transfers to or from the ‘‘Medical Facili-ties’’ account may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. S
EC. 203. Appropriations available in this title for salaries and expenses shall be avail-able for services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; lease of a facility or land or both; and uniforms or allowances therefore, as authorized by sections 5901 through 5902 of title 5, United States Code. S
EC. 204. No appropriations in this title (except the appropriations for ‘‘Construc-tion, Major Projects’’, and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’) shall be available for the purchase of any site for or toward the con-struction of any new hospital or home. S
EC. 205. No appropriations in this title shall be available for hospitalization or ex-amination of any persons (except bene-ficiaries entitled to such hospitalization or examination under the laws providing such benefits to veterans, and persons receiving such treatment under sections 7901 through 7904 of title 5, United States Code, or the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.)), unless reimbursement of the cost of such hospitalization or examination is made to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account at such rates as may be fixed by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. S
EC. 206. Appropriations available in this title for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Re-adjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insur-ance and Indemnities’’ shall be available for payment of prior year accrued obligations required to be recorded by law against the corresponding prior year accounts within the last quarter of fiscal year 2016. S
EC. 207. Appropriations available in this title shall be available to pay prior year obli-gations of corresponding prior year appro-priations accounts resulting from sections 3328(a), 3334, and 3712(a) of title 31, United States Code, except that if such obligations are from trust fund accounts they shall be payable only from ‘‘Compensation and Pen-sions’’. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 208. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, during fiscal year 2017, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall, from the National Service Life Insurance Fund under section 1920 of title 38, United States Code, the Veterans’ Special Life Insurance Fund under section 1923 of title 38, United States Code, and the United States Government Life Insurance Fund under section 1955 of title 38, United States Code, reimburse the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Ben-efits Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ accounts for the cost of administration of the insurance programs financed through those accounts: Provided, That reimbursement shall be made only from the surplus earnings accumulated in such an insurance program during fiscal year 2017 that are available for dividends in that pro-gram after claims have been paid and actu-arially determined reserves have been set aside: Provided further, That if the cost of ad-ministration of such an insurance program exceeds the amount of surplus earnings accu-mulated in that program, reimbursement shall be made only to the extent of such sur-plus earnings: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall determine the cost of adminis-tration for fiscal year 2017 which is properly allocable to the provision of each such insur-ance program and to the provision of any total disability income insurance included in that insurance program. SEC. 209. Amounts deducted from en-hanced-use lease proceeds to reimburse an account for expenses incurred by that ac-count during a prior fiscal year for providing enhanced-use lease services, may be obli-gated during the fiscal year in which the pro-ceeds are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 210. Funds available in this title or funds for salaries and other administrative expenses shall also be available to reimburse the Office of Resolution Management of the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Of-fice of Employment Discrimination Com-plaint Adjudication under section 319 of title 38, United States Code, for all services pro-vided at rates which will recover actual costs but not to exceed $47,668,000 for the Office of Resolution Management and $3,532,000 for the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication: Provided, That pay- ments may be made in advance for services to be furnished based on estimated costs: Provided further, That amounts received shall be credited to the ‘‘General Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ ac-counts for use by the office that provided the service. S
EC. 211. None of the funds in this or any other Act may be used to close Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) hospitals, domicil-iaries, or clinics, conduct an environmental assessment, or to diminish healthcare serv-ices at existing Veterans Health Administra-tion medical facilities located in Veterans Integrated Service Network 23 as part of a planned realignment of VA services until the Secretary provides to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress a re-port including the following elements: (1) a national realignment strategy that includes a detailed description of realign-ment plans within each Veterans Integrated Service Network (VISN), including an up-dated Long Range Capital Plan to imple-ment realignment requirements; (2) an explanation of the process by which those plans were developed and coordinated within each VISN; (3) a cost vs. benefit analysis of each planned realignment, including the cost of replacing Veterans Health Administration services with contract care or other outsourced services; (4) an analysis of how any such planned re-alignment of services will impact access to care for veterans living in rural or highly rural areas, including travel distances and transportation costs to access a VA medical facility and availability of local specialty and primary care; (5) an inventory of VA buildings with his-toric designation and the methodology used to determine the buildings’ condition and utilization; (6) a description of how any realignment will be consistent with requirements under the National Historic Preservation Act; and (7) consideration given for reuse of historic buildings within newly identified realign-ment requirements: Provided, That, this pro-vision shall not apply to capital projects in VISN 23, or any other VISN, which have been authorized or approved by Congress. SEC. 212. No funds of the Department of Veterans Affairs shall be available for hos-pital care, nursing home care, or medical services provided to any person under chap-ter 17 of title 38, United States Code, for a non-service-connected disability described in section 1729(a)(2) of such title, unless that person has disclosed to the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, in such form as the Secretary may require, current, accurate third-party reimbursement information for purposes of section 1729 of such title: Provided, That the Secretary may recover, in the same manner as any other debt due the United States, the reasonable charges for such care or services from any person who does not make such dis-closure as required: Provided further, That any amounts so recovered for care or serv-ices provided in a prior fiscal year may be obligated by the Secretary during the fiscal year in which amounts are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 213. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, proceeds or revenues derived from enhanced-use leasing activities (includ-ing disposal) may be deposited into the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’ accounts and be used for construction (including site acquisi-tion and disposition), alterations, and im-provements of any medical facility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Such sums as realized are in addition to the amount provided for in ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’. S
EC. 214. Amounts made available under ‘‘Medical Services’’ are available— (1) for furnishing recreational facilities, supplies, and equipment; and (2) for funeral expenses, burial expenses, and other expenses incidental to funerals and burials for beneficiaries receiving care in the Department. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 215. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Community Care’’ accounts, to remain available until expended for the purposes of these accounts. S
EC. 216. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may enter into agreements with Federally Qualified Health Centers in the State of Alaska and Indian tribes and tribal organiza-tions which are party to the Alaska Native Health Compact with the Indian Health Service, to provide healthcare, including be-havioral health and dental care, to veterans in rural Alaska. The Secretary shall require participating veterans and facilities to com-ply with all appropriate rules and regula-tions, as established by the Secretary. The term ‘‘rural Alaska’’ shall mean those lands which are not within the boundaries of the municipality of Anchorage or the Fairbanks North Star Borough. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 217. Such sums as may be deposited to the Department of Veterans Affairs Capital Asset Fund pursuant to section 8118 of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ accounts, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2781 May 12, 2016 
remain available until expended for the pur-poses of these accounts. 
(RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 218. Of the amounts appropriated in title II of division J of Public Law 114–113 under the heading ‘‘Medical Services’’ which become available on October 1, 2016, $7,246,181,000 are hereby rescinded. S
EC. 219. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report on the financial status of the Department of Veterans Affairs for the preceding quarter: Provided, That, at a min-imum, the report shall include the direction contained in the explanatory statement de-scribed in section 4 in the matter preceding division A of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2016 Public Law 114–113 in title II of Division J of the consolidated Act in the paragraph entitled ‘‘Quarterly Report’’, under the heading ‘‘General Administra-tion’’. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 220. Amounts made available under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Commu-nity Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compli-ance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘General Oper-ating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration’’, ‘‘General Administration’’, and ‘‘National Cemetery Administration’’ ac-counts for fiscal year 2017 may be transferred to or from the ‘‘Information Technology Sys-tems’’ account: Provided, That such transfers may not result in a more than 10 percent ag-gregate increase in the total amount made available by this Act for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account: Provided fur-ther, That, before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall re-quest from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and an approval is issued. S
EC. 221. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act for the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used in a manner that is in-consistent with: (1) section 842 of the Trans-portation, Treasury, Housing and Urban De-velopment, the Judiciary, the District of Co-lumbia, and Independent Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–115; 119 Stat. 2506); or (2) section 8110(a)(5) of title 38, United States Code. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 222. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, ‘‘Medical Facili-ties’’, ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’, and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’, up to $274,731,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of De-fense-Department of Veterans Affairs Med-ical Facility Demonstration Fund, estab-lished by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Pub-lic Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities des-ignated as combined Federal medical facili-ties as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That additional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress: Pro- vided further, That section 223 of title II of di-vision J of Public Law 114–113 is repealed. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 223. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs which become available on October 1, 2017, for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, up to $280,802,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of De-fense-Department of Veterans Affairs Med-ical Facility Demonstration Fund, estab-lished by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Pub-lic Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities des-ignated as combined Federal medical facili-ties as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That additional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 224. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, for healthcare provided at facilities designated as combined Federal medical fa-cilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500) shall also be available: (1) for transfer to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, es-tablished by section 1704 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571); and (2) for operations of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as de-scribed by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500). 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 225. Of the amounts available in this title for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Sup-port and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facili-ties’’, a minimum of $15,000,000 shall be transferred to the DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund, as authorized by section 8111(d) of title 38, United States Code, to remain available until expended, for any purpose authorized by section 8111 of title 38, United States Code. S
EC. 226. None of the funds available to the Department of Veterans Affairs, in this or any other Act, may be used to replace the current system by which the Veterans Inte-grated Service Networks select and contract for diabetes monitoring supplies and equip-ment. S
EC. 227. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress of all bid savings in a major construction project that total at least $5,000,000, or 5 percent of the programmed amount of the project, which-ever is less: Provided, That such notification shall occur within 14 days of a contract iden-tifying the programmed amount: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 14 days prior to the obli-gation of such bid savings and shall describe the anticipated use of such savings. S
EC. 228. None of the funds made available for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ may be used for a project in excess of the scope spec-ified for that project in the original jus-tification data provided to the Congress as part of the request for appropriations unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs receives approval from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 229. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress a quar-terly report that contains the following in-formation from each Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration Regional Office: (1) the average time to complete a disability compensation claim; (2) the number of claims pending more than 125 days, disaggregated by initial and supplemental claims; (3) error rates; (4) the number of claims personnel; (5) any correc-tive action taken within the quarter to ad-dress poor performance; (6) training pro-grams undertaken; and (7) the number and results of Quality Review Team audits: Pro- vided, That each quarterly report shall be submitted no later than 30 days after the end of the respective quarter. SEC. 230. Of the funds provided to the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017 for ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ a maximum of $40,000,000 may be obligated from the ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ account for the VistA Evolution and elec-tronic health record interoperability projects: Provided, That funds in addition to these amounts may be obligated for the VistA Evolution and electronic health record interoperability projects upon written notifi-cation by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 231. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide written notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 15 days prior to organiza-tional changes which result in the transfer of 25 or more full-time equivalents from one or-ganizational unit of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to another. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 232. Amounts made available for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017, under the ‘‘Board of Veterans Ap-peals’’ and the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ accounts may be transferred between such accounts: Provided, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and receive ap-proval of that request. 
(RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 233. Of the unobligated balances avail-able within the ‘‘DOD–VA Health Care Shar-ing Incentive Fund’’, $52,000,000 are hereby rescinded. S
EC. 234. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may not reprogram funds among major con-struction projects or programs if such in-stance of reprogramming will exceed $5,000,000, unless such reprogramming is ap-proved by the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 235. None of the funds appropriated in this or prior appropriations Acts or other-wise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used to transfer any amounts from the Filipino Veterans Equity Compensation Fund to any other account within the Department of Veterans Affairs. S
EC. 236. Paragraph (3) of section 403(a) of the Veterans’ Mental Health and Other Care Improvements Act of 2008 (Public Law 110– 387; 38 U.S.C. 1703 note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) D
URATION .—A veteran may receive health services under this section during the period beginning on the date specified in paragraph (2) and ending on September 30, 2018.’’. S
EC. 237. (a) Section 1722A(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) Paragraph (1) does not apply to opioid antagonists furnished under this chapter to a veteran who is at high risk for overdose of a specific medication or substance in order to reverse the effect of such an overdose.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2782 May 12, 2016 
(b) Section 1710(g)(3) of such title is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘with respect to home health services’’ and inserting ‘‘with respect to the following:’’ ‘‘(A) Home health services’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) Education on the use of opioid antago-nists to reverse the effects of overdoses of specific medications or substances.’’. S
EC. 238. Section 312 of title 38, United States Code, is amended in subsection(c)(1) by striking the phrase ‘‘that makes a rec-ommendation or otherwise suggests correc-tive action,’’. S
EC. 239. The Department of Veterans Af-fairs is authorized to administer financial as-sistance grants and enter into cooperative agreements with organizations, utilizing a competitive selection process, to train and employ homeless and at-risk veterans in nat-ural resource conservation management. S
EC. 240. The Department of Veterans Af-fairs shall seek to enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Medicine for an assessment on research relating to the de-scendants of individuals with toxic exposure and to evaluate the feasibility of a research entity or entities to conduct research relat-ing to health conditions of descendants of veterans with toxic exposure while serving in the Armed Forces. S
EC. 241. Of the funds provided to the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for each of fis-cal year 2017 and fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, $3,000,000 in each year for carrying out and expanding to each medical center of the Department the child care program au-thorized by section 205 of Public Law 111–163, notwithstanding subsection (e) of such sec-tion. S
EC. 242. Section 5701(l) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. S
EC. 243. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall, as part of the hiring process for each health care provider considered for a position at the Department of Veterans Af-fairs after the date of the enactment of this Act, require from the medical board of each State in which the health care provider holds or has held a medical license— (1) information on any violation of the re-quirements of the medical license of the health care provider; and (2) information on whether the health care provider has entered into any settlement agreement for a disciplinary charge relating to the practice of medicine by the health care provider. (b) The Secretary shall prescribe regula-tions to carry out this section. S
EC. 244. (a) Notwithstanding section 552a of title 5, United States Code, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall, with respect to each health care provider of the Department of Veterans Affairs that has violated a re-quirement of their medical license, provide to the medical board of each State in which the health care provider is licensed or prac-tices all relevant information contained in the State Licensing Board Reporting File or any successor file of the Department with re-spect to such violation. (b) The Secretary shall provide the infor-mation required in subsection (a) to a med-ical board described in such subsection not-withstanding that such board may not have formally requested such information from the Department. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 245. Upon determination by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs that such action is necessary for providing health care, benefits and other services, the Secretary may trans-fer amounts made available to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017 by this Act between any discretionary appro-priations accounts for fiscal year 2017: Pro- vided, That amounts so transferred shall be merged with the account to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That the total amount that the Secretary may transfer under this section may not exceed two per-cent of the total discretionary appropria-tions made available to the Department for fiscal year 2017 by this Act: Provided further, That a transfer of funds between the ‘‘Med-ical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ accounts shall not be counted toward the two percent limitation in the previous proviso: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided by this section may be exercised only to support ac-tivities in an appropriations account that have a higher priority than those under-taken in the appropriations account from which budget authority is transferred, as de-termined by the Secretary: Provided further, That such transfer authority may not be used to provide budget authority for an ac-tivity that the Secretary lacks the authority to carry out: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval of that request. VA PATIENT PROTECTION ACT OF 2016 S
EC. 246. (a) P ROCEDURE AND ADMINISTRA -
TION.— (1) I
NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—WHISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINTS ‘‘§ 731. Whistleblower complaint defined ‘‘In this subchapter, the term ‘whistle-blower complaint’ means a complaint by an employee of the Department disclosing, or assisting another employee to disclose, a po-tential violation of any law, rule, or regula-tion, or gross mismanagement, gross waste of funds, abuse of authority, or substantial and specific danger to public health and safe-ty. ‘‘§ 732. Treatment of whistleblower com-plaints ‘‘(a) F
ILING .—(1) In addition to any other method established by law in which an em-ployee may file a whistleblower complaint, an employee of the Department may file a whistleblower complaint in accordance with subsection (g) with a supervisor of the em-ployee. ‘‘(2) Except as provided by subsection (d)(1), in making a whistleblower complaint under paragraph (1), an employee shall file the initial complaint with the immediate su-pervisor of the employee. ‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION .—(1)(A) Not later than four business days after the date on which a supervisor receives a whistleblower com-plaint by an employee under this section, the supervisor shall notify, in writing, the em-ployee of whether the supervisor determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that the complaint discloses a violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or gross mismanagement, gross waste of funds, abuse of authority, or substantial and specific danger to public health and safety. ‘‘(B) The supervisor shall retain written documentation regarding the whistleblower complaint and shall submit to the next-level supervisor and the central whistleblower of-fice described in subsection (h) a written re-port on the complaint. ‘‘(2)(A) On a monthly basis, the supervisor shall submit to the appropriate director or other official who is superior to the super-visor a written report that includes the num-ber of whistleblower complaints received by the supervisor under this section during the month covered by the report, the disposition of such complaints, and any actions taken because of such complaints pursuant to sub-section (c). ‘‘(B) In the case in which such a director or official carries out this paragraph, the direc-tor or official shall submit such monthly re-port to the supervisor of the director or offi-cial and to the central whistleblower office described in subsection (h). ‘‘(c) POSITIVE DETERMINATION .—If a super-visor makes a positive determination under subsection (b)(1) regarding a whistleblower complaint of an employee, the supervisor shall include in the notification to the em-ployee under such subsection the specific ac-tions that the supervisor will take to address the complaint. ‘‘(d) F
ILING COMPLAINT WITHNEXT-LEVEL  S
UPERVISORS .—(1) If any circumstance de-scribed in paragraph (3) is met, an employee may file a whistleblower complaint in ac-cordance with subsection (g) with the next- level supervisor who shall treat such com-plaint in accordance with this section. ‘‘(2) An employee may file a whistleblower complaint with the Secretary if the em-ployee has filed the whistleblower complaint to each level of supervisors between the em-ployee and the Secretary in accordance with paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) A circumstance described in this para-graph is any of the following circumstances: ‘‘(A) A supervisor does not make a timely determination under subsection (b)(1) re-garding a whistleblower complaint. ‘‘(B) The employee who made a whistle-blower complaint determines that the super-visor did not adequately address the com-plaint pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘(C) The immediate supervisor of the em-ployee is the basis of the whistleblower com-plaint. ‘‘(e) T
RANSFER OF EMPLOYEE WHOFILES W
HISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINT .—If a supervisor makes a positive determination under sub-section (b)(1) regarding a whistleblower com-plaint filed by an employee, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) inform the employee of the ability to volunteer for a transfer in accordance with section 3352 of title 5; and ‘‘(2) give preference to the employee for such a transfer in accordance with such sec-tion. ‘‘(f) P
ROHIBITION ON EXEMPTION .—The Sec- retary may not exempt any employee of the Department from being covered by this sec-tion. ‘‘(g) W
HISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINT FORM.—(1) A whistleblower complaint filed by an em-ployee under subsection (a) or (d) shall con-sist of the form described in paragraph (2) and any supporting materials or documenta-tion the employee determines necessary. ‘‘(2) The form described in this paragraph is a form developed by the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Special Counsel, that in-cludes the following: ‘‘(A) An explanation of the purpose of the whistleblower complaint form. ‘‘(B) Instructions for filing a whistleblower complaint as described in this section. ‘‘(C) An explanation that filing a whistle-blower complaint under this section does not preclude the employee from any other meth-od established by law in which an employee may file a whistleblower complaint. ‘‘(D) A statement directing the employee to information accessible on the Internet website of the Department as described in section 735(d). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2783 May 12, 2016 
‘‘(E) Fields for the employee to provide— ‘‘(i) the date that the form is submitted; ‘‘(ii) the name of the employee; ‘‘(iii) the contact information of the em-ployee; ‘‘(iv) a summary of the whistleblower com-plaint (including the option to append sup-porting documents pursuant to paragraph (1)); and ‘‘(v) proposed solutions to the complaint. ‘‘(F) Any other information or fields that the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(3) The Secretary, in consultation with the Special Counsel, shall develop the form described in paragraph (2) by not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this section. ‘‘(h) C
ENTRAL WHISTLEBLOWER OFFICE .—(1) The Secretary shall ensure that the central whistleblower office— ‘‘(A) is not an element of the Office of the General Counsel; ‘‘(B) is not headed by an official who re-ports to the General Counsel; ‘‘(C) does not provide, or receive from, the General Counsel any information regarding a whistleblower complaint except pursuant to an action regarding the complaint before an administrative body or court; and ‘‘(D) does not provide advice to the General Counsel. ‘‘(2) The central whistleblower office shall be responsible for investigating all whistle-blower complaints of the Department, re-gardless of whether such complaints are made by or against an employee who is not a member of the Senior Executive Service. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall ensure that the central whistleblower office maintains a toll-free hotline to anonymously receive whistleblower complaints. ‘‘(4) The Secretary shall ensure that the central whistleblower office has such staff and resources as the Secretary considers nec-essary to carry out the functions of the cen-tral whistleblower office. ‘‘(5) In this subsection, the term ‘central whistleblower office’ means the Office of Ac-countability Review or a successor office that is established or designated by the Sec-retary to investigate whistleblower com-plaints filed under this section or any other method established by law. ‘‘§ 733. Adverse actions against supervisory employees who commit prohibited per-sonnel actions relating to whistleblower complaints ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) In accordance with paragraph (2), the Secretary shall carry out the following adverse actions against super-visory employees (as defined in section 7103(a) of title 5) whom the Secretary, an ad-ministrative judge, the Merit Systems Pro-tection Board, the Office of Special Counsel, an adjudicating body provided under a union contract, a Federal judge, or the Inspector General of the Department determines com-mitted a prohibited personnel action de-scribed in subsection (c): ‘‘(A) With respect to the first offense, an adverse action that is not less than a 12-day suspension and not more than removal. ‘‘(B) With respect to the second offense, re-moval. ‘‘(2)(A) An employee against whom an ad-verse action under paragraph (1) is proposed is entitled to written notice. ‘‘(B)(i) An employee who is notified under subparagraph (A) of being the subject of a proposed adverse action under paragraph (1) is entitled to 14 days following such notifica-tion to answer and furnish evidence in sup-port of the answer. ‘‘(ii) If the employee does not furnish any such evidence as described in clause (i) or if the Secretary determines that such evidence is not sufficient to reverse the determination to propose the adverse action, the Secretary shall carry out the adverse action following such 14-day period. ‘‘(C) Paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) of section 7513 of title 5, subsection (c) of such section, paragraphs (1) and (2) of sub-section (b) of section 7543 of such title, and subsection (c) of such section shall not apply with respect to an adverse action carried out under paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) LIMITATION ON OTHER ADVERSE AC-
TIONS .—With respect to a prohibited per-sonnel action described in subsection (c), if the Secretary carries out an adverse action against a supervisory employee, the Sec-retary may carry out an additional adverse action under this section based on the same prohibited personnel action if the total se-verity of the adverse actions do not exceed the level specified in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITED PERSONNEL ACTION DE-
SCRIBED .—A prohibited personnel action de-scribed in this subsection is any of the fol-lowing actions: ‘‘(1) Taking or failing to take a personnel action in violation of section 2302 of title 5 against an employee relating to the em-ployee— ‘‘(A) filing a whistleblower complaint in accordance with section 732 of this title; ‘‘(B) filing a whistleblower complaint with the Inspector General of the Department, the Special Counsel, or Congress; ‘‘(C) providing information or partici-pating as a witness in an investigation of a whistleblower complaint in accordance with section 732 or with the Inspector General of the Department, the Special Counsel, or Con-gress; ‘‘(D) participating in an audit or investiga-tion by the Comptroller General of the United States; ‘‘(E) refusing to perform an action that is unlawful or prohibited by the Department; or ‘‘(F) engaging in communications that are related to the duties of the position or are otherwise protected. ‘‘(2) Preventing or restricting an employee from making an action described in any of subparagraphs (A) through (F) of paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) Conducting a negative peer review or opening a retaliatory investigation because of an activity of an employee that is pro-tected by section 2302 of title 5. ‘‘(4) Requesting a contractor to carry out an action that is prohibited by section 4705(b) or section 4712(a)(1) of title 41, as the case may be. ‘‘§ 734. Evaluation criteria of supervisors and treatment of bonuses ‘‘(a) E
VALUATION CRITERIA .—(1) In evalu-ating the performance of supervisors of the Department, the Secretary shall include the criteria described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) The criteria described in this sub-section are the following: ‘‘(A) Whether the supervisor treats whis-tleblower complaints in accordance with sec-tion 732 of this title. ‘‘(B) Whether the appropriate deciding offi-cial, performance review board, or perform-ance review committee determines that the supervisor was found to have committed a prohibited personnel action described in sec-tion 733(b) of this title by an administrative judge, the Merit Systems Protection Board, the Office of Special Counsel, an adjudi-cating body provided under a union contract, a Federal judge, or, in the case of a settle-ment of a whistleblower complaint (regard-less of whether any fault was assigned under such settlement), the Secretary. ‘‘(b) B
ONUSES .—(1) The Secretary may not pay to a supervisor described in subsection (a)(2)(B) an award or bonus under this title or title 5, including under chapter 45 or 53 of such title, during the one-year period begin-ning on the date on which the determination was made under such subsection. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall issue an order di-recting a supervisor described in subsection (a)(2)(B) to repay the amount of any award or bonus paid under this title or title 5, in-cluding under chapter 45 or 53 of such title, if— ‘‘(A) such award or bonus was paid for per-formance during a period in which the super-visor committed a prohibited personnel ac-tion as determined pursuant to such sub-section (a)(2)(B); ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines such repay-ment appropriate pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary to carry out this section; and ‘‘(C) the supervisor is afforded notice and an opportunity for a hearing before making such repayment. ‘‘§ 735. Training regarding whistleblower complaints ‘‘(a) TRAINING .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary, in coordina-tion with the Whistleblower Protection Om-budsman designated under section 3(d)(1)(C) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), shall provide to each employee of the Department training regarding whistle-blower complaints, including— ‘‘(1) an explanation of each method estab-lished by law in which an employee may file a whistleblower complaint; ‘‘(2) an explanation of prohibited personnel actions described by section 733(c) of this title; ‘‘(3) with respect to supervisors, how to treat whistleblower complaints in accord-ance with section 732 of this title; ‘‘(4) the right of the employee to petition Congress regarding a whistleblower com-plaint in accordance with section 7211 of title 5; ‘‘(5) an explanation that the employee may not be prosecuted or reprised against for dis-closing information to Congress, the Inspec-tor General, or another investigatory agency in instances where such disclosure is per-mitted by law, including under sections 5701, 5705, and 7732 of this title, under section 552a of title 5 (commonly referred to as the Pri-vacy Act), under chapter 93 of title 18, and pursuant to regulations promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Port-ability and Accountability Act of 1996 (Pub-lic Law 104–191); ‘‘(6) an explanation of the language that is required to be included in all nondisclosure policies, forms, and agreements pursuant to section 115(a)(1) of the Whistleblower Protec-tion Enhancement Act of 2012 (5 U.S.C. 2302 note); and ‘‘(7) the right of contractors to be pro-tected from reprisal for the disclosure of cer-tain information under section 4705 or 4712 of title 41. ‘‘(b) M
ANNER TRAINING ISPROVIDED .—The Secretary shall ensure that training pro-vided under subsection (a) is provided in per-son. ‘‘(c) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall pro-vide training on merit system protection in a manner that the Special Counsel certifies as being satisfactory. ‘‘(d) P
UBLICATION .—(1) The Secretary shall publish on the Internet website of the De-partment, and display prominently at each facility of the Department, the rights of an employee to file a whistleblower complaint, including the information described in para-graphs (1) through (7) of subsection (a). ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall publish on the Internet website of the Department, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2784 May 12, 2016 
whistleblower complaint form described in section 732(g)(2). ‘‘§ 736. Reports to Congress ‘‘(a) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report that includes— ‘‘(1) with respect to whistleblower com-plaints filed under section 732 of this title during the year covered by the report— ‘‘(A) the number of such complaints filed; ‘‘(B) the disposition of such complaints; and ‘‘(C) the ways in which the Secretary ad-dressed such complaints in which a positive determination was made by a supervisor under subsection (b)(1) of such section; ‘‘(2) the number of whistleblower com-plaints filed during the year covered by the report that are not included under paragraph (1), including— ‘‘(A) the method in which such complaints were filed; ‘‘(B) the disposition of such complaints; and ‘‘(C) the ways in which the Secretary ad-dressed such complaints; and ‘‘(3) with respect to disclosures made by a contractor under section 4705 or 4712 of title 41— ‘‘(A) the number of complaints relating to such disclosures that were investigated by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs during the year covered by the report; ‘‘(B) the disposition of such complaints; and ‘‘(C) the ways in which the Secretary ad-dressed such complaints. ‘‘(b) N
OTICE OF OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL  D
ETERMINATIONS .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary re-ceives from the Special Counsel information relating to a whistleblower complaint pursu-ant to section 1213 of title 5, the Secretary shall notify the appropriate committees of Congress of such information, including the determination made by the Special Counsel. ‘‘(c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON-
GRESS .—In this section, the term ‘appro-priate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Such chap-ter is further amended by inserting before section 701 the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL EMPLOYEE MATTERS’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended— (i) by inserting before the item relating to section 701 the following new item: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL EMPLOYEE  
MATTERS ’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following new items: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —WHISTLEBLOWER  
COMPLAINTS  ‘‘731. Whistleblower complaint defined. ‘‘732. Treatment of whistleblower com-plaints. ‘‘733. Adverse actions against supervisory employees who commit prohib-ited personnel actions relating to whistleblower complaints. ‘‘734. Evaluation criteria of supervisors and treatment of bonuses. ‘‘735. Training regarding whistleblower com-plaints. ‘‘736. Reports to Congress.’’. (b) TREATMENT OF CONGRESSIONAL TESTI-
MONY BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  E
MPLOYEES AS OFFICIAL DUTY.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, as designated by section 2(a)(2)(A), is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 715. Congressional testimony by employees: treatment as official duty ‘‘(a) C
ONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY .—An em- ployee of the Department is performing offi-cial duty during the period with respect to which the employee is testifying in an offi-cial capacity in front of either chamber of Congress, a committee of either chamber of Congress, or a joint or select committee of Congress. ‘‘(b) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—The Secretary shall provide travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with applicable provisions under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, to any employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs per-forming official duty described under sub-section (a).’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 2(a)(2)(B), is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 713 the following new item: ‘‘715. Congressional testimony by employees: treatment as official duty.’’. S
EC. 247. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the amounts appro-priated or otherwise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs for the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account, for fiscal year 2017, not less than $18,000,000, and for fiscal year 2018, not less than $70,000,000, shall be used for the provision of fertility treatment and counseling, including treatment using assisted reproductive technology, to vet-erans and their spouses if the veteran has a service-connected condition that results in the veteran being unable to procreate with-out the use of such fertility treatment. (b) In this section, the term ‘‘service-con-nected condition’’ means a condition that was incurred or aggravated in line of duty in the active military, naval, or air service (as defined in section 101 of title 38, United States Code). S
EC. 248. None of the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available by title II may be used to carry out the Home Marketing In-centive Program of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs or to carry out the Appraisal Value Offer Program of the Department with respect to an employee of the Department in a senior executive position (as defined in sec-tion 713(g) of title 38, United States Code): Provided, That the Secretary may waive this prohibition with respect to the use of the Home Marketing Incentive Program and Ap-praisal Value Offer Program to recruit for a position for which recruitment or retention of qualified personnel is likely to be difficult in the absence of the use of these incentives: Provided further, That within 15 days of a de-termination by the Secretary to waive this prohibition, the Secretary shall submit writ-ten notification thereof to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress containing the reasons and identifying the position title for which the waiver has been issued. S
EC. 249. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs in this Act may be used in a manner that would— (1) interfere with the ability of a veteran to participate in a medicinal marijuana pro-gram approved by a State; (2) deny any services from the Department to a veteran who is participating in such a program; or (3) limit or interfere with the ability of a health care provider of the Department to make appropriate recommendations, fill out forms, or take steps to comply with such a program. SEC. 250. (a) I NGENERAL .—For the purposes of verifying that an individual performed service under honorable conditions that sat-isfies the requirements of a coastwise mer-chant seaman who is recognized pursuant to section 401 of the GI Bill Improvement Act of 1977 (Public Law 95–202; 38 U.S.C. 106 note) as having performed active duty service for the purposes described in subsection (c)(1), the Secretary of Defense shall accept the fol-lowing: (1) In the case of an individual who served on a coastwise merchant vessel seeking such recognition for whom no applicable Coast Guard shipping or discharge form, ship log-book, merchant mariner’s document or Z- card, or other official employment record is available, the Secretary of Defense shall pro-vide such recognition on the basis of applica-ble Social Security Administration records submitted for or by the individual, together with validated testimony given by the indi-vidual or the primary next of kin of the indi-vidual that the individual performed such service during the period beginning on De-cember 7, 1941, and ending on December 31, 1946. (2) In the case of an individual who served on a coastwise merchant vessel seeking such recognition for whom the applicable Coast Guard shipping or discharge form, ship log-book, merchant mariner’s document or Z- card, or other official employment record has been destroyed or otherwise become un-available by reason of any action committed by a person responsible for the control and maintenance of such form, logbook, or record, the Secretary of Defense shall accept other official documentation demonstrating that the individual performed such service during period beginning on December 7, 1941, and ending on December 31, 1946. (3) For the purpose of determining whether to recognize service allegedly performed dur-ing the period beginning on December 7, 1941, and ending on December 31, 1946, the Sec-retary shall recognize masters of seagoing vessels or other officers in command of simi-larly organized groups as agents of the United States who were authorized to docu-ment any individual for purposes of hiring the individual to perform service in the mer-chant marine or discharging an individual from such service. (b) T
REATMENT OF OTHER DOCUMENTA -
TION.—Other documentation accepted by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (a)(2) shall satisfy all requirements for eligi-bility of service during the period beginning on December 7, 1941, and ending on December 31, 1946. (c) B
ENEFITS ALLOWED .— (1) M
EDALS , RIBBONS , AND DECORATIONS .— An individual whose service is recognized as active duty pursuant to subsection (a) may be awarded an appropriate medal, ribbon, or other military decoration based on such service. (2) S
TATUS OF VETERAN .—An individual whose service is recognized as active duty pursuant to subsection (a) shall be honored as a veteran but shall not be entitled by rea-son of such recognized service to any benefit that is not described in this subsection. TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES A
MERICAN BATTLE MONUMENTS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the American Battle Monu-ments Commission, including the acquisition 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2785 May 12, 2016 
of land or interest in land in foreign coun-tries; purchases and repair of uniforms for caretakers of national cemeteries and monu-ments outside of the United States and its territories and possessions; rent of office and garage space in foreign countries; purchase (one-for-one replacement basis only) and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $7,500 for official reception and representa-tion expenses; and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries, when re-quired by law of such countries, $75,100,000 to remain available until expended. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ACCOUNT  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the American Battle Monu-ments Commission, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until ex-pended, for purposes authorized by section 2109 of title 36, United States Code. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR  V
ETERANS CLAIMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the operation of the United States Court of Appeals for Vet-erans Claims as authorized by sections 7251 through 7298 of title 38, United States Code, $30,945,100: Provided, That $2,500,000 shall be available for the purpose of providing finan-cial assistance as described, and in accord-ance with the process and reporting proce-dures set forth under this heading in Public Law 102–229. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE —CIVIL C
EMETERIAL EXPENSES , ARMY 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for maintenance, operation, and improvement of Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Air-men’s Home National Cemetery, including the purchase or lease of passenger motor ve-hicles for replacement on a one-for-one basis only, and not to exceed $1,000 for official re-ception and representation expenses, $70,800,000 of which not to exceed $28,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. In addition, such sums as may be nec-essary for parking maintenance, repairs and replacement, to be derived from the ‘‘Lease of Department of Defense Real Property for Defense Agencies’’ account. A
RMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME 
TRUST FUND  For expenses necessary for the Armed Forces Retirement Home to operate and maintain the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home— Gulfport, Mississippi, to be paid from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $64,300,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for construction and renovation of the physical plants at the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home—Washington, District of Co-lumbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Gulfport, Mississippi: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $22,000,000 shall be paid from the general fund of the Treasury to the Trust Fund. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 301. Funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Department of Defense— Civil, Cemeterial Expenses, Army’’, may be provided to Arlington County, Virginia, for the relocation of the federally owned water main at Arlington National Cemetery, mak-ing additional land available for ground bur-ials. S
EC. 302. Amounts deposited into the spe-cial account established under 10 U.S.C. 4727 are appropriated and shall be available until expended to support activities at the Army National Military Cemeteries. TITLE IV GENERAL PROVISIONS SEC. 401. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 402. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for any program, project, or activity, when it is made known to the Federal entity or official to which the funds are made available that the program, project, or activity is not in compliance with any Federal law relating to risk assessment, the protection of private property rights, or unfunded mandates. S
EC. 403. All departments and agencies funded under this Act are encouraged, within the limits of the existing statutory authori-ties and funding, to expand their use of ‘‘E- Commerce’’ technologies and procedures in the conduct of their business practices and public service activities. S
EC. 404. Unless stated otherwise, all re-ports and notifications required by this Act shall be submitted to the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies of the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate. S
EC. 405. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this or any other appropriations Act. S
EC. 406. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-port if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains confidential or pro-prietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Com-mittee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. S
EC. 407. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 408. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by an agency of the executive branch to pay for first-class travel by an employee of the agency in contraven-tion of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 409. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able to the Department of Defense in this Act may be used to construct, renovate, or expand any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any indi-vidual detained at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, for the pur-poses of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this sub-section is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’. SA 3897. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. L
EE(for himself, Mr. V ITTER , Mr. C OT-
TON, and Mr. S HELBY )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3896 pro-posed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in Division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the final rule of the Department of Housing and Urban Development entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 42272 (July 16, 2015)) or to carry out the notice of the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing Assessment Tool’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 57949 (September 26, 2014)). 
SA 3898. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. N
ELSON (for himself and Mr. R UBIO)) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in Division B, in-sert the following: TITLE ll DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, namely: F
OOD AND DRUGADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’, $10,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector- borne diseases, or other infectious diseases and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally, and to develop nec-essary medical countermeasures and vac-cines, including the review, regulation, and post market surveillance of vaccines and therapies, and administrative activities: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2786 May 12, 2016 
Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further, That such amount shall be available only if the President designates such amount as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A). C
ENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  P
REVENTION  
CDC-WIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘CDC-Wide Activities and Program Support’’, $743,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally; and to carry out titles II, III, and XVII of the Public Health Service (‘‘PHS’’) Act with re-spect to domestic preparedness and global health: Provided, That products purchased with these funds may, at the discretion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Strategic National Stockpile under section 319F-2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That funds may be used for purchase and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries: Provided fur-ther, That the provisions in section 317S of the PHS Act shall apply to the use of funds appropriated in this paragraph as determined by the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (‘‘CDC’’) to be appro-priate: Provided further, That funds appro-priated in this paragraph may be used for grants for the construction, alteration, or renovation of non-federally owned facilities to improve preparedness and response capa-bility at the State and local level: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this para-graph may be used for acquisition of real property (including long-term ground leases) and equipment, and construction, demoli-tion, or renovation of facilities, including construction on leased land: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be transferred by the Director of CDC to other accounts of the CDC for the purposes provided in this paragraph: Provided further, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That, upon a deter-mination that all or part of the funds trans-ferred from this appropriation are not nec-essary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this ap-propriation: Provided further, That the amount appropriated in this paragraph is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further, That such amount shall be available only if the President designates such amount as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A). N
ATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ALLERGY AND  
INFECTIOUS DISEASES  For an additional amount for ‘‘National In-stitute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases’’, $277,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally, including expenses related to carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act: Pro- vided, That such funds may be transferred by the Director of the National Institutes of Health (‘‘NIH’’) to other accounts of the NIH for the purposes provided in this paragraph: Provided further, That such transfer author-ity is in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided by law: Provided further, That, upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropria-tion are not necessary for the purposes pro-vided herein, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the amount appropriated in this paragraph is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further, That such amount shall be available only if the Presi-dent designates such amount as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A). OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
PUBLIC HEALTH AND SOCIAL SERVICES  
EMERGENCY FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, $233,000,000, to remain available until expended, to prevent, prepare for, and re-spond to Zika virus, other vector-borne dis-eases, or other infectious diseases and re-lated health outcomes, domestically and internationally; to develop necessary coun-termeasures and vaccines, including the de-velopment and purchase of vaccines, thera-peutics, diagnostics, necessary medical sup-plies, and administrative activities; for car-rying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to domestic preparedness and global health; and for carrying out title III of the PHS Act and title V of the Social Security Act to provide health care and re-lated services in areas affected by Zika virus: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used to procure secu-rity countermeasures (as defined in section 319F-2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act, as amended by this Act): Provided further, That para-graphs (1) and (7)(C) of subsection (c) of sec-tion 319F-2 of the PHS Act, but no other pro-visions of such section, shall apply to such security countermeasures procured with funds appropriated in this paragraph: Pro- vided further, That products purchased with funds appropriated in this paragraph may, at the discretion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Stra-tegic National Stockpile under section 319F- 2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be transferred to the fund authorized by section 319F–4 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may, for purposes of providing primary health services in areas affected by Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, or other infec-tious diseases, be used to assign National Health Service Corps (‘‘NHSC’’) members to Puerto Rico and other Territories, notwith-standing the assignment priorities and limi-tations in or under sections 333(a)(1)(D), 333(b), or 333A(a) of the PHS Act, and to make NHSC Loan Repayment Program awards under section 338B of such Act: Pro- vided further, That funds may be awarded for projects of regional and national significance in Puerto Rico and other Territories author-ized under section 501 of the Social Security Act, notwithstanding section 502 of such Act: Provided further, That funds may be used for the alteration or renovation of non-federally owned facilities to improve preparedness and response capability at the State and local level: Provided further, That funds appro-priated in this paragraph may be transferred to other appropriations of the Department of Health and Human Services, as determined by the Secretary to be appropriate, to be used for the purposes specified in this para-graph: Provided further, That any transfers of these funds shall be made in consultation with the Office of Management and Budget: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided in this paragraph is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That, upon a deter-mination that all or part of the funds trans-ferred from this appropriation are not nec-essary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this ap-propriation: Provided further, That the amount appropriated in this paragraph is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further, That such amount shall be available only if the President designates such amount as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A). GENERAL PROVISIONS (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. ll01. For purposes of preventing, preparing for, and responding to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, or other infec-tious diseases and related health outcomes domestically and internationally, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services may use funds provided in this Act— (1) to acquire, lease, construct, alter, ren-ovate, equip, furnish, or manage facilities outside of the United States, as necessary to conduct such programs, in consultation with the Secretary of State, either directly for the use of the United States Government or for the use, pursuant to grants, direct assist-ance, or cooperative agreements, of public or nonprofit private institutions or agencies in participating foreign countries; and (2) to enter into contracts with individuals for the provision of personal services (as de-scribed in section 104 of part 37 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations (48 CFR 37.104)), within the United States and abroad: Pro- vided, That such individuals may not be deemed employees of the United States for the purpose of any law administered by the Office of Personnel Management. S
EC. ll02. Section 3304 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) The heads of the Department of Health and Human Services, Department of State, and the Agency for International De-velopment may appoint, without regard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3319, candidates needed for positions to perform critical work in direct response to a public health threat requiring an immediate re-sponse for which— ‘‘(1) public notice has been given; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary of Health and Human Services has determined that such a public health threat exists.’’. S
EC. ll03. Funds appropriated by this Act may be used to reimburse accounts adminis-tered by the Department of Health and Human Services for obligations incurred for Zika virus response prior to the date of the enactment of this Act. S
EC. ll04. Funds appropriated to the De-partment of Health and Human Services in this Act may be transferred to and merged with other Federal accounts for purposes specified in this Act following consultation with the Office of Management and Budget: Provided, That such transfer authority shall be in addition to any other transfer author-ity provided by law: Provided further, That, upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appropriation are not necessary, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to that appropriation. S
EC. ll05. Section 319F-2(c)(1)(B) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d- 6b(c)(1)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (i)(III)(bb), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in clause (ii), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.020 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2787 May 12, 2016 
‘‘(iii)(I) the Secretary determines to be a necessary countermeasure to diagnose, miti-gate, prevent, or treat harm from any infec-tious disease that may pose a threat to the public health; and ‘‘(II)(aa) is approved or cleared under chap-ter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act, or licensed under section 351 of this Act; or ‘‘(bb) is a countermeasure for which the Secretary determines that sufficient and sat-isfactory clinical experience or research data (including data, if available, from pre-clin-ical and clinical trials) support a reasonable conclusion that the countermeasure will qualify for approval or licensing within 10 years after the date of a determination under subclause (I).’’. S
EC. ll06. (a) The Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall award grants to territories of the United States for the pur-pose of combating the Zika virus. (b) To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, a territory shall submit to the Secretary a plan describing how the terri-tory will use the grant funds. Within 30 days of receiving such a plan, the Secretary shall— (1) approve any such plan that includes ef-forts for combating the Zika virus through education, prevention, testing, screening, treatment, services, or evaluation efforts; or (2) disapprove any such plan that contains extraneous efforts not related to combating the Zika virus. (c) To carry out this section, there are au-thorized to be appropriated, and there are appropriated, $250,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. Any unobligated funds available on October 1, 2018, shall be returned to the general fund of the Treasury. (d) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘territory’’ means Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, or the United States Virgin Islands. (e) Amounts made available to carry out this section shall be designated by the Con-gress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, except that such amounts shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates such amounts and transmits such designation to the Congress. TITLE ll DEPARTMENT OF STATE The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, namely: A
DMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, $14,594,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response ef-forts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne dis-eases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That up to $2,419,000 may be made available for medical evacuation costs of any other Department or agency of the United States under the Chief of Mission authority, and may be transferred to any other appropria-tion of such Department or agency for such costs: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, ex-cept that such amounts shall be available only if the President subsequently so des-ignates such amounts and transmits such designation to the Congress. EMERGENCIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC AND  
CONSULAR SERVICE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Emer-gencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Serv-ices’’, $4,000,000 for necessary expenses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, except that such amounts shall be available only if the President subse-quently so designates such amounts and transmits such designation to the Congress. 
REPATRIATION LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Repatri-ation Loans Program Account’’ for the cost of direct loans, $1,000,000, to support the re-sponse efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modi-fying such loans, shall be as defined in sec-tion 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such funds are available to subsidize an additional amount of gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $1,880,406: Pro- vided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985, except that such amounts shall be available only if the Presi-dent subsequently so designates such amounts and transmits such designation to the Congress. UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operating Expenses’’, $10,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017 for necessary ex-penses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infec-tious diseases: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, ex-cept that such amounts shall be available only if the President subsequently so des-ignates such amounts and transmits such designation to the Congress. BILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
GLOBAL HEALTH PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, $325,000,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary ex-penses for assistance or research to prevent, treat, or otherwise respond to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector- borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for multi- year funding commitments to incentivize the development of global health tech-nologies: Provided further, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, except that such amounts shall be available only if the President subsequently so des-ignates such amounts and transmits such designation to the Congress. INTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
NONPROLIFERATION , ANTI-TERRORISM , 
DEMINING AND RELATED PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Non-proliferation, Anti-Terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, $8,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for nec-essary expenses to support response and re-search efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Pro- vided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, except that such amounts shall be available only if the President subse-quently so designates such amounts and transmits such designation to the Congress. MULTILATERAL ASSISTANCE F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS AND PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Inter-national Organizations and Programs’’, $13,500,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response and research efforts related to the Zika virus and related health out-comes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, except that such amounts shall be available only if the President subsequently so des-ignates such amounts and transmits such designation to the Congress. GENERAL PROVISIONS 
TRANSFER AUTHORITY  S
EC. ll01. (a) Funds appropriated by this title under the headings ‘‘Global Health Pro-grams’’, ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti-Terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, ‘‘Inter-national Organizations and Programs’’, and ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this title under such headings to carry out the purposes of this Act. (b) Funds appropriated by this title under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Pro-grams’’, ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Service’’, and ‘‘Repatriation Loans Program Account’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this title under such headings to carry out the purposes of this Act. (c) The transfer authorities provided by this section are in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. (d) Upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred pursuant to the au-thorities provided by this section are not necessary for such purposes, such amounts may be transferred back to such appropria-tions. 
REIMBURSEMENT AUTHORITY  S
EC. ll02. Funds appropriated by this Act may be used to reimburse accounts adminis-tered by the United States Agency for Inter-national Development and the Department of State for obligations incurred for Zika virus response prior to the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR INTERNATIONAL  
ORGANIZATIONS  S
EC. ll03. Section 307(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall not apply to funds appropriated by this Act. 
PERSONAL SERVICE CONTRACTORS  S
EC. ll04. Funds available in this Act to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.020 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2788 May 12, 2016 
vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases may be used to enter into contracts with individuals for the provision of personal services (as described in section 104 of part 37 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations (48 CFR 37.104)) in the United States or abroad: Provided, That such individuals may not be deemed employees of the United States for the purpose of any law administered by the Office of Personnel Management. 
SA 3899. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. C
ORNYN (for himself, Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. R
UBIO)) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of Division B, insert the fol-lowing: DIVISION ll—ZIKA FUNDING TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, namely: H
EALTH RESOURCES AND SERVICES  A
DMINISTRATION  
PRIMARY HEALTH CARE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Primary Health Care’’, $40,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector- borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be used to expand the delivery of pri-mary health services authorized by section 330 of the Public Health Service (‘‘PHS’’) Act, including outreach, education, and screening in Puerto Rico and other terri-tories: Provided further, That such amount is designated by Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. 
HEALTH WORKFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Health Workforce’’, $6,000,000 to remain available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector- borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used for providing primary health services in areas affected by Zika virus or other vector-borne diseases, for assigning National Health Service Corps (‘‘NHSC’’) members to Puerto Rico and other Terri-tories, notwithstanding the assignment pri-orities and limitations in or under sections 333(a)(1)(D), 333(b), or 333A(a) of the PHS Act, and for making NHSC Loan Repayment Pro-gram awards under section 338B of such Act: Provided further, That for purposes of the pre-vious proviso, section 331(a)(3)(D) of the PHS Act shall be applied as if the term ‘‘primary health services’’ included health services re-garding pediatric subspecialists: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH  For an additional amount for ‘‘Maternal and Child Health’’, $5,000,000 to remain avail-able until September 30, 2017, to prevent, pre-pare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be awarded for projects of re-gional and national significance in Puerto Rico and other Territories authorized under section 501 of the Social Security Act, not-withstanding section 502 of such Act: Pro- vided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  P
REVENTION  
CDC-WIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  For an additional amount for ‘‘CDC-Wide Activities and Program Support’’, $449,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes, do-mestically and internationally; and to carry out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to domestic preparedness and global health: Provided, That products pur-chased with these funds may, at the discre-tion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Strategic Na-tional Stockpile under section 319F–2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That funds may be used for purchase and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries: Provided further, That the provisions in section 317S of the PHS Act shall not apply to the use of funds appropriated in this paragraph: Pro- vided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used for grants for the construction, alteration, or renovation of nonfederally owned facilities to improve pre-paredness and response capability at the State and local level: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated in this para-graph, $88,000,000 may be used to reimburse accounts administered by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for obliga-tions incurred for Zika virus response prior to the enactment of this Act: Provided fur-ther, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ALLERGY AND  
INFECTIOUS DISEASES  For an additional amount for ‘‘National In-stitute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases’’, $200,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes, do-mestically and internationally, including ex-penses related to carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
PUBLIC HEALTH AND SOCIAL SERVICES  
EMERGENCY FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, $150,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector- borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally; to develop necessary countermeasures and vaccines, in-cluding the development and purchase of vaccines, therapeutics, diagnostics, nec-essary medical supplies, and administrative activities; for carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to domes-tic preparedness and global health; and for additional payments for distribution as pro-vided for under the ‘‘Social Services Block Grant Program’’: Provided, That funds appro-priated in this paragraph may be used to pro-cure security countermeasures (as defined in section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act, as amended by this Act): Provided further, That paragraphs (1) and (7)(C) of subsection (c) of section 319F–2 of the PHS Act, but no other provisions of such section, shall apply to such security countermeasures procured with funds appropriated in this paragraph: Provided further, That products purchased with funds appropriated in this paragraph may, at the discretion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Strategic National Stockpile under sec-tion 319F–2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That countermeasures related to the Zika virus shall, in this and subsequent fiscal years, be deemed to be security counter-measures as defined in section 319F–2(c)(1) of the PHS Act, and paragraph (7)(C), but no other provision, of such section 319F–2(c) shall apply to procurements of such counter-measures: Provided further, That $75,000,000 shall be transferred to ‘‘Social Services Block Grant’’ for health services, notwith-standing section 2005(a)(4) of the Social Se-curity Act, in territories with active or local transmission cases of the Zika virus, as con-firmed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention: Provided further, That the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall distribute funds transferred to the ‘‘So-cial Services Block Grant’’ in this paragraph to such territories in accordance with objec-tive criteria that are made available to the public: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS —THISTITLE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. For purposes of preventing, pre-paring for, and responding to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes domestically and inter-nationally, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may use funds provided in this title to acquire, lease, construct, alter, renovate, equip, furnish, or manage facilities outside of the United States, as necessary to conduct such programs, in consultation with the Secretary of State, either directly for the use of the United States Government or for the use, pursuant to grants, direct assist-ance, or cooperative agreements, of public or nonprofit private institutions or agencies in participating foreign countries. S
EC. 102. Funds appropriated by this title may be used by the heads of the Department of Health and Human Services, Department of State, and the Agency for International Development to appoint, without regard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3319 of title 5 of the United States Code, candidates needed for positions to perform critical work relating to Zika response for which— (1) public notice has been given; and (2) the Secretary of Health and Human Services has determined that such a public health threat exists. S
EC. 103. Funds appropriated in this title may be transferred to, and merged with, other appropriation accounts under the headings ‘‘Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’’, ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, ‘‘Health Re-sources and Services Administration’’, and ‘‘National Institutes of Health’’ for the pur-poses specified in this title following con-sultation with the Office of Management and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.020 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2789 May 12, 2016 
Budget: Provided, That the Committees on Appropriations shall be notified 10 days in advance of any such transfer: Provided fur-ther, That, upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appro-priation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropria-tion: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this title may be trans-ferred pursuant to the authority in section 206 of division G of Public Law 113–325 or sec-tion 241(a) of the PHS Act. S
EC. 104. Not later than 30 days after enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide a detailed spend plan of anticipated uses of funds made available in this title, including estimated personnel and administrative costs, to the Committees on Appropriations. The Sec-retary of Health and Human Services should also provide quarterly obligation updates to the Committees until all funds are expended or expire. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF STATE The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, namely: A
DMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, $14,594,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response ef-forts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne dis-eases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That up to $4,000,000 may be made available for medical evacuation costs of any other Department or agency of the United States under the Chief of Mission authority, and may be transferred to any other appropria-tion of such Department or agency for such costs: Provided further, That such amount is designated by Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. 
EMERGENCIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC AND  
CONSULAR SERVICE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Emer-gencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Serv-ices’’, $4,000,000 for necessary expenses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
REPATRIATION LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Repatri-ation Loans Program Account’’ for the cost of direct loans, $1,000,000, to support the re-sponse efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modi-fying such loans, shall be as defined in sec-tion 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such funds are available to subsidize an additional amount of gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $1,880,406: Pro- vided further, That such amount is des-ignated by Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  D
EVELOPMENT  
FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
GLOBAL HEALTH PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, $211,000,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary ex-penses for assistance or research to prevent, treat, or otherwise respond to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector- borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That such funds may be made available for multi-year funding commit-ments to incentivize the development of global health technologies, following con-sultation with the Committees on Appropria-tions: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated in this title may be made available for the Grand Challenges for Devel-opment program: Provided further, That such amount is designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. I
NTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE  
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
NONPROLIFERATION , ANTI-TERRORISM , 
DEMINING AND RELATED PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Non-proliferation, Anti-Terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, $4,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for nec-essary expenses to support response and re-search efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ULTILATERAL ASSISTANCE  
FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS AND PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Inter-national Organizations and Programs’’, $13,500,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response and research efforts related to the Zika virus and related health out-comes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That section 307(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall not apply to funds appropriated in this Act: Provided further, That such amount is designated by Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —THISTITLE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. (a) Funds appropriated by this title under the headings ‘‘Global Health Pro-grams’’, ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, ‘‘Inter-national Organizations and Programs’’, and ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this title under such headings to carry out the purposes of this title. (b) Funds appropriated by this title under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Pro-grams’’, ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Service’’, and ‘‘Repatriation Loans Program Account’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this title under such headings to carry out the purposes of this title. (c) The transfer authorities provided by this section are in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. (d) Upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred pursuant to the au-thorities provided by this section are not necessary for such purposes, such amounts may be transferred back to such appropria-tions. (e) No funds shall be transferred pursuant to this section unless at least 15 days prior to making such transfer the Secretary of State or the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment (USAID), as appropriate, notifies the Committees on Appropriations in writing of the details of any such transfer. NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT  S
EC. 202. Funds appropriated by this title that are made available to respond to the Zika virus outbreak, other vector-borne dis-eases, or other infectious diseases shall not be available for obligation unless the Sec-retary of State or the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, notifies the Committees on Appropriations in writing at least 15 days in advance of such obligation. 
SPEND PLAN REQUIREMENT  S
EC. 203. Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act and prior to the obligation of funds made available by this title to respond to the Zika virus out-break, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases, the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator, as appro-priate, shall submit spend plans to the Com-mittees on Appropriations on the anticipated uses of funds on a country and project basis, including estimated personnel and adminis-trative costs: Provided, That such plans shall be updated and submitted to the Committee on Appropriations every 90 days until Sep-tember 30, 2017, and every 180 days thereafter until all funds have been fully expended. 
COMPTROLLER GENERAL OVERSIGHT  S
EC. 204. Of the funds appropriated by this title, up to $500,000 shall be made available to the Comptroller General of the United States, to remain available until expended, for oversight of activities supported pursu-ant to this title with funds appropriated by this title: Provided, That the Secretary of State and USAID Administrator, as appro-priate, and the Comptroller General shall consult with the Committees on Appropria-tions prior to obligating such funds. 
RESCISSION  S
EC. 205. Of the unobligated balances avail-able under the heading ‘‘Operating Ex-penses’’ in title IX of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235), $10,000,000 are rescinded: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency require-ment pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE III R
EMOVING BARRIERS TO COMBATING THE ZIKA V
IRUS AND MOSQUITO -BORNE TRANSMISSION  
OFDISEASE  S
EC. 301. Section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) M
OSQUITO CONTROL WAIVER .—Notwith- standing any other provision of this section, the Administrator (or a State, in the case of a permit program approved under subsection (b)) shall not require a permit for a discharge from the application by an entity authorized under State or local law, such as a vector control district, of a pesticide in compliance with all relevant requirements of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.) to control mosquitos or mosquito larvae to protect the public health and welfare, including for the prevention or control of the Zika virus, West Nile virus, or dengue fever. The Administrator shall not directly or indirectly require any State to require such a permit.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.022 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2790 May 12, 2016 
TITLE IV G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —THISACT 
EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES AND PROVISIONS  S
EC. 401. Unless otherwise provided for by this division, the additional amounts appro-priated pursuant to this division for fiscal year 2016 are subject to the requirements for funds contained in the Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113). 
PERSONAL SERVICE CONTRACTORS  S
EC. 402. Funds made available by this di-vision to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infec-tious diseases may be used to enter into con-tracts with individuals for the provision of personal services (as described in section 104 of part 37 of title 48, Code of Federal Regula-tions (48 CFR 37.104)), within the United States and abroad, subject to prior consulta-tion with, and the notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such individuals may not be deemed employees of the United States for the pur-pose of any law administered by the Office of Personnel Management. 
DESIGNATION REQUIREMENT  S
EC. 403. Each amount designated in this division by Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or rescinded, if applicable) only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to Congress. 
RESCISSION  S
EC. 404. From amounts appropriated for the Prevention and Public Health Fund under section 4002 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u-11)— (1) for fiscal year 2017, $1,000,000,000 shall be rescinded on the date on which such amounts are available for obligation; and (2) for fiscal year 2018, $200,000,000 shall be rescinded on the date on which such amounts are available for obligation. 
SHORT TITLE  S
EC. 405. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Emergency Supplemental Appropriations for Zika Response and Preparedness Act, 2016’’. 
SA 3900. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. B
LUNT (for himself, Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. L
EAHY )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: TITLE ll ZIKA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS CHAPTER 1 DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES H
EALTH RESOURCES AND SERVICES  A
DMINISTRATION  
PRIMARY HEALTH CARE  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Primary Health Care’’, $40,000,000 to remain available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and re-lated health outcomes, domestically and internationally: Provided, That funds appro-priated in this paragraph shall be used to ex-pand the delivery of primary health services authorized by section 330 of the Public Health Service (‘‘PHS’’) Act in Puerto Rico and other territories: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. HEALTH WORKFORCE  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Health Workforce’’, $6,000,000 to re-main available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and re-lated health outcomes, domestically and internationally: Provided, That funds appro-priated in this paragraph may, for purposes of providing primary health services in areas affected by Zika virus or other vector-borne diseases, be used to assign National Health Service Corps (‘‘NHSC’’) members to Puerto Rico and other Territories, notwithstanding the assignment priorities and limitations in or under sections 333(a)(1)(D), 333(b), or 333A(a) of the PHS Act, and to make NHSC Loan Repayment Program awards under sec-tion 338B of such Act: Provided further, That for purposes of the previous proviso, section 331(a)(3)(D) of the PHS Act shall be applied as if the term ‘‘primary health services’’ in-cluded health services regarding pediatric subspecialists: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Maternal and Child Health’’, $5,000,000 to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes, do-mestically and internationally: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be awarded for projects of regional and national significance in Puerto Rico and other Territories authorized under section 501 of the Social Security Act, notwith-standing section 502 of such Act: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. C
ENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  P
REVENTION  
CDC-WIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘CDC-Wide Activities and Program Support’’, $449,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector- borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally; and to carry out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to domestic preparedness and global health: Provided, That products purchased with these funds may, at the dis-cretion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Stra-tegic National Stockpile under section 319F– 2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That funds may be used for purchase and insur-ance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries: Provided further, That the provi-sions in section 317S of the PHS Act shall not apply to the use of funds appropriated in this paragraph: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used for grants for the construction, alteration, or renovation of non-federally owned facili-ties to improve preparedness and response capability at the State and local level: Pro-vided further, That of the amount appro-priated in this paragraph, $88,000,000 may be used to reimburse accounts administered by the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion for obligations incurred for Zika virus response prior to the enactment of this Act: Provided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ALLERGY AND  
INFECTIOUS DISEASES  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases’’, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to pre-vent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and inter-nationally, including expenses related to carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
PUBLIC HEALTH AND SOCIAL SERVICES  
EMERGENCY FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, $150,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to pre-vent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and inter-nationally; to develop necessary counter-measures and vaccines, including the devel-opment and purchase of vaccines, thera-peutics, diagnostics, necessary medical sup-plies, and administrative activities; for car-rying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to domestic preparedness and global health; and for additional pay-ments for distribution as provided for under the ‘‘Social Services Block Grant Program’’: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used to procure security countermeasures (as defined in section 319F– 2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act, as amended by this Act): Provided further, That paragraphs (1) and (7)(C) of subsection (c) of section 319F–2 of the PHS Act, but no other provisions of such section, shall apply to such security countermeasures procured with funds appro-priated in this paragraph: Provided further, That products purchased with funds appro-priated in this paragraph may, at the discre-tion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Strategic Na-tional Stockpile under section 319F–2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That counter-measures related to the Zika virus procured with funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be deemed to be security counter-measures as defined in section 319F–2(c)(1) of the PHS Act, and paragraph (7)(C), but no other provision, of such section 319F–2(c) shall apply to procurements of such counter-measures: Provided further, That $75,000,000 shall be transferred to ‘‘Social Services Block Grant’’ for health services, notwith-standing section 2005(a)(4) of the Social Se-curity Act, in territories with active or local transmission cases of the Zika virus, as con-firmed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention: Provided further, That the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall distribute funds transferred to the ‘‘So-cial Services Block Grant’’ in this paragraph to such territories in accordance with objec-tive criteria that are made available to the public: Provided further, That such amount is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.022 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2791 May 12, 2016 
designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —THISCHAPTER  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. ll. For purposes of preventing, pre-paring for, and responding to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes domestically and inter-nationally, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may use funds provided in this chapter to acquire, lease, construct, alter, renovate, equip, furnish, or manage fa-cilities outside of the United States, as nec-essary to conduct such programs, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, either directly for the use of the United States Gov-ernment or for the use, pursuant to grants, direct assistance, or cooperative agreements, of public or nonprofit private institutions or agencies in participating foreign countries. S
EC. ll. Funds appropriated by this chap-ter may be used by the heads of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, Depart-ment of State, and the Agency for Inter-national Development to appoint, without regard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3319 of title 5 of the United States Code, candidates needed for positions to per-form critical work relating to Zika response for which— (1) public notice has been given; and (2) the Secretary of Health and Human Services has determined that such a public health threat exists. S
EC. ll. Funds appropriated in this chap-ter may be transferred to, and merged with, other appropriation accounts under the headings ‘‘Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’’, ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, ‘‘Health Re-sources and Services Administration’’, and ‘‘National Institutes of Health’’ for the pur-poses specified in this chapter following con-sultation with the Office of Management and Budget: Provided, That the Committees on Appropriations shall be notified 10 days in advance of any such transfer: Provided fur-ther, That, upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appro-priation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropria-tion: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this chapter may be trans-ferred pursuant to the authority in section 206 of division G of Public Law 113–325 or sec-tion 241(a) of the PHS Act. S
EC. ll. Not later than 30 days after en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide a detailed spend plan of anticipated uses of funds made available in this chapter, including esti-mated personnel and administrative costs, to the Committees on Appropriations. The Sec-retary of Health and Human Services should also provide quarterly obligation updates to the Committees until all funds are expended or expire. CHAPTER 2 DEPARTMENT OF STATE A
DMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Pro-grams’’, $14,594,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That up to $4,000,000 may be made available for medical evacuation costs of any other Department or agency of the United States under Chief of Mission au-thority, and may be transferred to any other appropriation of such Department or agency for such costs: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. EMERGENCIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC AND  
CONSULAR SERVICE  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Service’’, $4,000,000 for necessary expenses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health out-comes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. 
REPATRIATION LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Repatriation Loans Program Ac-count’’ for the cost of direct loans, $1,000,000, to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infec-tious diseases, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That such costs, including costs of modifying such loans, shall be as de-fined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such funds are available to subsidize an addi-tional amount of gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to ex-ceed $1,880,406: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. U
NITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  D
EVELOPMENT  
FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Operating Expenses’’, $10,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response ef-forts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne dis-eases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. B
ILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE  
FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
GLOBAL HEALTH PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, $211,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for necessary expenses for assistance or research to prevent, treat, or otherwise respond to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That such funds may be made available for multi-year funding commitments to incentivize the de-velopment of global health technologies, fol-lowing consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated in this chapter may be made available for the Grand Chal-lenges for Development program: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. I
NTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE  
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
NONPROLIFERATION , ANTI-TERRORISM , 
DEMINING AND RELATED PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, $4,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response and research efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector- borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MULTILATERAL ASSISTANCE  
FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS AND PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘International Organizations and Programs’’, $13,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017 for necessary ex-penses to support response and research ef-forts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne dis-eases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That section 307(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall not apply to funds appro-priated under this heading: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —THISCHAPTER  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. ll. (a) Funds appropriated by this chapter under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti-ter-rorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, ‘‘International Organizations and Pro-grams’’, and ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds ap-propriated by this chapter under such head-ings to carry out the purposes of this chap-ter. (b) Funds appropriated by this chapter under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Con-sular Programs’’, ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplo-matic and Consular Service’’, and ‘‘Repatri-ation Loans Program Account’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds ap-propriated by this chapter under such head-ings to carry out the purposes of this chap-ter. (c) The transfer authorities provided by this section are in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. (d) Upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred pursuant to the au-thorities provided by this section are not necessary for such purposes, such amounts may be transferred back to such appropria-tions. (e) No funds shall be transferred pursuant to this section unless at least 15 days prior to making such transfer the Secretary of State or the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment (USAID), as appropriate, notifies the Committees on Appropriations in writing of the details of any such transfer. 
NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT  S
EC. ll. Funds appropriated by this chap-ter that are made available to respond to the Zika virus outbreak, other vector-borne dis-eases, or other infectious diseases shall not be available for obligation unless the Sec-retary of State or the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, notifies the Committees on Appropriations in writing at least 15 days in advance of such obligation. 
SPEND PLAN REQUIREMENT  S
EC. ll. Not later than 45 days after en-actment of this Act and prior to the obliga-tion of funds made available by this chapter to respond to the Zika virus outbreak, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases, the Secretary of State and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.023 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2792 May 12, 2016 
USAID Administrator, as appropriate, shall submit spend plans to the Committees on Appropriations on the anticipated uses of funds on a country and project basis, includ-ing estimated personnel and administrative costs: Provided, That such plans shall be up-dated and submitted to the Committee on Appropriations every 90 days until Sep-tember 30, 2017, and every 180 days thereafter until all funds have been fully expended. 
COMPTROLLER GENERAL OVERSIGHT  S
EC. ll. Of the funds appropriated by this chapter, up to $500,000 shall be made avail-able to the Comptroller General of the United States, to remain available until ex-pended, for oversight of activities supported pursuant to this chapter with funds appro-priated by this chapter: Provided, That the Secretary of State and USAID Adminis-trator, as appropriate, and the Comptroller General shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations prior to obligating such funds. 
RESCISSION  S
EC. ll. Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Operating Ex-penses’’ in title IX of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235), $10,000,000 are rescinded: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency require-ment pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. CHAPTER 3 GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE 
EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES AND PROVISIONS  S
EC. ll. Unless otherwise provided for by this title, the additional amounts appro-priated pursuant to this title for fiscal year 2016 are subject to the requirements for funds contained in the Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113). 
PERSONAL SERVICE CONTRACTORS  S
EC. ll. Funds made available by this title to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infec-tious diseases may be used to enter into con-tracts with individuals for the provision of personal services (as described in section 104 of part 37 of title 48, Code of Federal Regula-tions (48 CFR 37.104)), within the United States and abroad, subject to prior consulta-tion with, and the notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such individuals may not be deemed employees of the United States for the pur-pose of any law administered by the Office of Personnel Management. 
DESIGNATION REQUIREMENT  S
EC. ll. Each amount designated in this title by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or rescinded, if applicable) only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Con-gress. 
EFFECTIVE DATE  S
EC. ll. This title shall become effective immediately upon enactment of this Act. 
SA 3901. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. R
EED) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 67, line 14, strike ‘‘2018’’ and insert ‘‘2019,’’. 
SA 3902. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of Division B, add the following: 
EXTENSION OF VETERANS CHOICE PROGRAM  S
EC. 251. (a) I NGENERAL .—The Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended— (1) in section 101(p)(2), by striking ‘‘3 years’’ and inserting ‘‘6 years’’; and (2) in section 802(d)(1), by striking ‘‘$10,000,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$17,500,000,000’’. (b) E
MERGENCY DESIGNATIONS .—(1) Sub- section (a) is designated as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 4(g) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933(g)). (2) In the Senate, subsection (a) is des-ignated as an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 403(a) of S. Con. Res. 13 (111th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2010. 
SA 3903. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 26, after line 21, add the following: S
EC. 119J. (a) Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report assessing the importance of collegiate aviation flight training operations and the effect of such op-erations on the economy and infrastructure of airports in the National Plan of Inte-grated Airport Systems. (b) In the report required by subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the total capacity of collegiate aviation flight training programs in the United States to meet the needs of the United States to train commercial pilots. (2) An assessment of the footprint of colle-giate aviation flight training operations at the airports in the United States. (3) An assessment of whether infrastruc-ture beyond that necessary for operations of commercial air carriers is needed at airports at which collegiate aviation flight training operations are conducted. (4) If such infrastructure is needed, an esti-mate of the cost of such infrastructure. (5) An identification of funding sources, available before the date of the enactment of this Act or that may become available after such date of enactment, that may be used to construct such infrastructure. (6) Recommendations for improving tech-nical and financial assistance to airports to construct such infrastructure. SA 3904. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in Division B, in-sert the following: 
REPROGRAMMING OF FUNDS  S
EC. lll. (a) I NGENERAL .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, not to exceed $1,100,000,000 of the unobligated bal-ances of amounts made available to the De-partment of State, the United States Agency for International Development, and the De-partment of Health and Human Services for fiscal year 2015, or any fiscal year before fis-cal year 2015, that remain available for obli-gation may be transferred or reprogrammed by the head of the applicable agency for use to prevent, prepare for, or respond to the Zika virus. (b) N
OTIFICATION AND CERTIFICATION RE-
QUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days prior to the transfer or reprogramming of funds made available pursuant to subsection (a) or section 7058(c) of the Consolidated Ap-propriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114-113)— (A) the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget shall certify to the appro-priate Congressional committees that the net effect of all transfers and reprogramming made pursuant to subsection (a) shall not re-sult in an increase in outlays over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2021; and (B) the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, shall submit to the appropriate Con-gressional committees a multi-year spending plan that specifies the proposed uses of such funds. (2) S
PENDING PLAN .—The spending plan sub-mitted under paragraph (1)(B) shall include— (A) the objectives, indicators to measure progress, and a timeline to implement a suc-cessful strategy to respond to the Zika virus; (B) the amounts intended to be transferred or reprogrammed pursuant to this Act, that are made available from prior Acts making appropriations for— (i) the Department of State, foreign oper-ations, and related programs to support such strategy; and (ii) the Department of Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and related agencies; (C) a description of how any foreign assist-ance planned to be transferred or repro-grammed pursuant to subsection (a) will dif-fer from, complement, and leverage funds al-located by— (i) each government for countries in which the United States will use funds authorized by this Act; and (ii) other governmental, nongovernmental, and intergovernmental donors; and (D) a description of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.023 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2793 May 12, 2016 
(i) the resources each government de-scribed in subparagraph (C)(i) possess to pre-vent, prepare for, and respond to the Zika virus; and (ii) the political will of each government described in subparagraph (C)(i) to use the resources described in clause (i). (c) F
OLLOW UP REPORT .—Not later than No-vember 30, 2017, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall submit to the appro-priate Congressional committees, a report that contains a full accounting, on a pro-gram level, of funds transferred or repro-grammed pursuant to subsection (a). Such report shall, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, contain a comparison of the full ac-counting contained in the report to the original spending plan described in sub-section (b)(2). (d) L
IMITATION ON AUTHORITY .—The author-ity provided in the section to reprogram and expend funds shall terminate on September 30, 2017. (e) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate Congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives. 
SA 3905. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in Division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available under this Act shall be used to provide hous-ing assistance benefits for an individual who is convicted of— (1) aggravated sexual abuse under section 2241 of title 18, United States Code; (2) murder under section 1111 of title 18, United States Code; or (3) any other Federal or State offense in-volving— (A) severe forms of trafficking in persons or sex trafficking, as those terms are defined in paragraphs (9) and (10), respectively, of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102); or (B) child pornography, as defined in section 2256 of title 18, United States Code. 
SA 3906. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in Division A, in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. NO BUDGET, NO PAY. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘No Budget, No Pay Act’’. (b) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Member of Congress’’— (1) has the meaning given under section 2106 of title 5, United States Code; and (2) does not include the Vice President. (c) T
IMELY APPROVAL OF CONCURRENT RES-
OLUTION ON THE BUDGET AND THE APPROPRIA -
TIONS BILLS.—If both Houses of Congress have not approved a concurrent resolution on the budget as described under section 301 of the Congressional Budget and Impound-ment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632) for a fiscal year before October 1 of that fiscal year and have not passed all the regular ap-propriations bills for the next fiscal year be-fore October 1 of that fiscal year, the pay of each Member of Congress may not be paid for each day following that October 1 until the date on which both Houses of Congress ap-prove a concurrent resolution on the budget for that fiscal year and all the regular appro-priations bills. (d) N
OPAYWITHOUT CONCURRENT RESOLU -
TION ON THE BUDGET AND THE APPROPRIATIONS  B
ILLS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds may be ap-propriated or otherwise be made available from the United States Treasury for the pay of any Member of Congress during any period determined by the Chairpersons of the Com-mittee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate or the Chair-persons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under subsection (e). (2) N
O RETROACTIVE PAY .—A Member of Congress may not receive pay for any period determined by the Chairpersons of the Com-mittee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate or the Chair-persons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under subsection (e), at any time after the end of that period. (e) D
ETERMINATIONS .— (1) S
ENATE .— (A) R
EQUEST FOR CERTIFICATIONS .—On Oc- tober 1 of each year, the Secretary of the Senate shall submit a request to the Chair-persons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate for certification of determinations made under clause (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B). (B) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Chairpersons of the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate shall— (i) on October 1 of each year, make a deter-mination of whether Congress is in compli-ance with subsection (c) and whether Sen-ators may not be paid under that subsection; (ii) determine the period of days following each October 1 that Senators may not be paid under subsection (c); and (iii) provide timely certification of the de-terminations under clauses (i) and (ii) upon the request of the Secretary of the Senate. (2) H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES .— (A) R
EQUEST FOR CERTIFICATIONS .—On Oc- tober 1 of each year, the Chief Administra-tive Officer of the House of Representatives shall submit a request to the Chairpersons of the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives for certification of deter-minations made under clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B). (B) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Chairpersons of the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives shall— (i) on October 1 of each year, make a deter-mination of whether Congress is in compli-ance with subsection (c) and whether Mem-bers of the House of Representatives may not be paid under that subsection; (ii) determine the period of days following each October 1 that Members of the House of Representatives may not be paid under sub-section (c); and (iii) provide timely certification of the de-terminations under clauses (i) and (ii) upon the request of the Chief Administrative Offi-cer of the House of Representatives. (f) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect on February 1, 2017. 
SA 3907. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 30, strike lines 3 through 11 and in-sert the following: S
EC. 120. (a) For fiscal year 2017, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall— (1) not distribute from the obligation limi-tation for Federal-aid highways amounts au-thorized for— (A) administrative expenses and programs by section 104(a) of title 23, United States Code; (B) the Bureau of Transportation Statis-tics; and (C) the programs under sections 203 and 204 of title 23, United States Code; On page 37, between lines 8 and 9, insert the following: (f) A
DDITIONAL FUNDS FOR NATIONAL PARK S
ERVICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) R
ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—Not later than 30 days after the date of distribution of the obligation limitation under subsection (a), the Secretary shall reserve for the use of the National Park Service any funds that— (i) are authorized to be appropriated for the fiscal year for the programs under sec-tions 203 and 204 of title 23, United States Code; and (ii) but for subsection (a)(1)(C), the Sec-retary would have distributed to the States under subsection (e). (B) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Funds re-served under subparagraph (A) shall be avail-able for any purpose described in section 203 of title 23, United States Code. (2) O
BLIGATION LIMITATION .—Of the obliga-tion limitation that the Secretary reserves under subsection (a)(1)(C), the Secretary shall make available for use with the funds under paragraph (1) an amount of obligation limitation equal to the amount of funds re-served under that paragraph. (3) O
THER FUNDS AND OBLIGATION LIMITA -
TION.—Any funds reserved under paragraph (1), and any obligation limitation made available under paragraph (2), shall be in ad-dition to funds or an obligation limitation otherwise made available to the National Park Service under section 203 or 204 of title 23, United States Code. 
SA 3908. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.024 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2794 May 12, 2016 
purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 15, line 25, strike ‘‘airport’’ and in-sert the following: ‘‘airport: Provided further, That an amount not to exceed $2,000,000 shall be available for use to revise existing third class medical certification regulations such that a general aviation pilot is authorized to operate an aircraft authorized under Federal law to carry not more than 6 occupants and with a maximum certificated takeoff weight of not more than 6,000 pounds if the pilot has held a third class medical certificate issued by the Federal Aviation Administration in the preceding 10 years, has completed an on-line medical education course in the pre-ceding 2 years, has received a medical exam-ination by a State-licensed physician in the preceding 4 years, and is under the care and treatment of a physician as directed’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 12, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 12, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 12, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining America’s Role in the World.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on May 12, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 12, 2016. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 12, 2016, at 2 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. SUBCOMMITTEE ON REGULATORY AFFAIRS AND  
FEDERAL MANAGEMENT  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management of the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 12, 2016, at 9 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Examining Due Process in Administrative Hearings.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following congressional fellows in my office be given floor privileges for the remainder of this session: Elyssa Hesky, Jeanette Roberts, Karen Paczkowski, Alec Bogdanoff, Angela Cervetti and Hugh O’Donnell. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONDEMNING THE TERRORIST AT-TACKS IN BRUSSELS AND HON-ORING THE MEMORY OF THE UNITED STATES CITIZENS MUR-DERED IN THOSE ATTACKS Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 452, S. Res. 442. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 442) condemning the terrorist attacks in Brussels and honoring the memory of the United States citizens murdered in those attacks, and offering thoughts and prayers for all the victims, condolences to their families, resolve to sup-port the Belgian people, and the pledge to de-fend democracy and stand in solidarity with the country of Belgium and all our allies in the face of continuing terrorist attacks on freedom and liberty. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. SASSE. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 442) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of April 27, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 195TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE INDEPENDENCE OF GREECE Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 449, S. Res. 394. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 394) recognizing the 195th anniversary of the independence of Greece and celebrating democracy in Greece and the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. SASSE. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 394) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of March 9, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
AMENDING THE FEDERAL WATER POLLUTION CONTROL ACT TO REAUTHORIZE THE NATIONAL ESTUARY PROGRAM Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Senate the message to accompany S. 1523. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 1523) entitled ‘‘An Act to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to reauthorize the National Estuary Program, and for other purposes,’’ do pass with an amendment. 
Mr. SASSE. I move to concur in the House amendment, and I ask unani-mous consent that the motion be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY AND SERVICE OF OMAHA POLICE OF-FICER KERRIE OROZCO Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 463, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 463) honoring the memory and service of Omaha Police Officer Kerrie Orozco. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise today to honor the life of Officer Kerrie Orozco of the Omaha Police Depart-ment. This month will mark the 1-year anniversary of the officer’s death. I would like to take a few minutes to re-member her life and celebrate the leg-acy of this brave young woman who died in the line of duty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.024 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2795 May 12, 2016 
Officer Kerrie Orozco was born on September 19, 1985, in Walnut, IA. Wal-nut is a small town about an hour east of Omaha and the place where Kerrie’s devotion to community and public service began at an early age. Her mother, Ellen Holtz, remembers Kerrie as a leader from the start, recalling that ‘‘she was my oldest, but had the best sense of humor and kind of took care of her brothers and sisters.’’ She was also active in sports, music, and volunteer groups. Her high school alumni volleyball team called them-selves the Wolf Pack. Leadership and service were in her blood. Kerrie’s aunt, Laurie McNeil, said Kerrie always wanted to be a cop. ‘‘She was just a doer,’’ Laurie remem-bered in an interview with Omaha’s WOWT last year. ‘‘Whether it was church, 4–H, everything she was in-volved in, she gave 100 percent.’’ Faith was also deeply ingrained in Kerrie, whom Aunt Laurie called a ‘‘very strong Catholic girl’’ who was al-ways smiling. Putting it simply, Kerrie ‘‘was a saint,’’ her aunt said. Kerrie’s natural instinct for leader-ship and service led her to join the po-lice force in 2007. This decision had a special place in Kerrie’s heart because of a promise she made to her father. Earlier that year her father fell grave-ly ill, and by the fall it became clear that he would not recover. Kerrie made a promise to him in those final mo-ments of his life that she would make him proud. Two months later, in De-cember of 2007, she joined the academy. During the next 7 years, as an officer with the Omaha Police Department, Kerrie became active in the commu-nity she protected. She volunteered with the Special Olympics and helped raise funds as president of the Police Officers Ball. She led a Girl Scout troop and took part in area events like Shop With a Cop. For years, Officer Orozco was also known as ‘‘Coach K’’ to the baseball team she led through the North Omaha Boys and Girls Club. This devotion to so many people in the Omaha community earned Kerrie the police department’s Outstanding Vol-unteer Service Award last year. Her love of these children was out-matched by the love of her own family, particularly her husband Hector and his two children. In February of 2015, they welcomed the birth of their first child together, a daughter named Olivia. Their daughter was born pre-mature, and Kerrie postponed her ma-ternity leave while Olivia remained in the prenatal care unit. Three months later, on May 20, 2015, Officer Orozco was preparing to serve an arrest warrant as a member of the department’s Metro Area Fugitive Task Force. When her team arrived, the suspect opened fire and Kerrie was hit. She was rushed to Creighton Uni-versity Medical Center, where she died shortly thereafter. Officer Kerrie Orozco was 29 years old and was 1 day away from going on maternity leave to care for her new daughter, who had just been released from the hospital after 3 months of prenatal care. She was the first female officer of the Omaha Police Department to die in the line of duty. Thousands of people from Nebraska, Iowa, and beyond braved the rain to line the streets for her funeral procession and honor the officer who gave her life for her fellow citizens. This month marks the first anniver-sary of her death, but her memory and service to Omaha live on in all our hearts. Her mother Ellen said she often comes home to find gifts in honor of Kerrie, sometimes without any idea of whom they are from. The Omaha Police Department con-siders itself a united family, and in the year since Kerrie’s death, the common refrain of ‘‘Kerrie On’’ has been ref-erenced time and time again to honor her spirit, legacy, and memory. Several of her family members, as well as her colleagues and members of the Omaha First Responders Founda-tion, are here this week to honor Offi-cer Orozco in our Nation’s Capital. I join them and all Nebraskans to cele-brate the life and legacy of a truly great person, a proud police officer, and a beloved wife and mother. Officer Kerrie Orozco represents the best of Nebraska and our Nation, and she will ever inspire us to ‘‘Kerrie On.’’ Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 463) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 75TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE ALASKA STATE TROOPERS Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 464, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 464) commemorating the 75th anniversary of the Alaska State Troopers. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. SASSE. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 464) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, MAY 16, 2016 Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 2 p.m., Monday, May 16; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 4:30 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; finally, that following morning business the Senate proceed to executive session, as under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, MAY 16, 2016, AT 2 P.M. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:05 p.m., adjourned until Monday, May 16, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.072 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE683 May 12, 2016 
JASMINE MACIAS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Jasmine Macias for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Jasmine Macias is a 7th grader at Drake Middle School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Jasmine Macias is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Jas-mine Macias for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 15TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE YPSILANTI AREA COMMUNITY FUND 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 15th anniversary of the Ypsilanti Area Community Fund. It is both an honor and a privilege to recognize the contributions this great organization has made to our commu-nity. Established in 2001, the Ypsilanti Area Community Fund (YACF) is dedicated to build-ing a permanent endowment to enrich the quality of life in the Ypsilanti area. The YACF’s Advisory Committee includes community lead-ers who work together to award grants that meet the changing needs of Ypsilanti’s com-munity. The YACF has provided an outlet for people who are looking to give back to the community in a strategic way, receiving more than $2.5 million in gifts, large and small, from those who care about Ypsilanti. These dona-tions have directly supported local organiza-tions and programs that serve Ypsilanti resi-dents by awarding more than $30,000 in com-petitive grants each year, and more than $1.4 million in total support to local community projects and programs over the past 15 years. Helping local health clinics provide access to quality health care, providing funding for new musical instruments and music instructors at the Ypsilanti Youth Orchestra, helping Parkridge Community Center expand program-ming, and helping to rebuild the Rutherford Community Pool are just a few examples of how YACF grants have made a real difference in the Ypsilanti community. The YACF’s long- term investment strategy ensures that its en-dowment will continue to grow and allows the group to focus on the continued investment in our community’s future. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today to honor the 15th anniversary of the Yp-silanti Area Community Fund. For fifteen years now, the YACF has displayed an immense passion and deep devotion for improving our community, and we wish them many more years of success. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SEYOUM TSEHAYE 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, in honor of World Press Freedom Day—which was ob-served last week—I rise today to recognize the bravery of journalist Seyoum Tsehaye and to support press freedom around the world. Seyoum Tsehaye is the uncle of Vanessa Berhe, a Villanova student who started the or-ganization One Day Seyoum to advocate for press freedom and the release of unjustly im-prisoned journalists in Eritrea. In September 2001, the Eritrean govern-ment detained a number of journalists who had spoken out against the government. Seyoum Tsehaye was one of the journalists detained. He was taken from his home without an official arrest warrant. Mr. Tsehaye remains in prison and has yet to receive a trial. Mr. Speaker, freedom of the press and free-dom from unjust detainment are pillars of de-mocracy and good governance here in the United States and in nations around the world. 
f 
CITY OF CARMI, ILLINOIS BICENTENNIAL CELEBRATION 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the City of Carmi, Illinois upon her Bi-centennial. Founded in 1814 and incorporated in 1816, the City of Carmi was named in the first home in Carmi, now known as the Robin-son Stewart House. It is the County Seat of White County, Illinois. Carmi has a rich history. Using her natural resources, early settlers used the river for transportation and was involved in agriculture. Today, Carmi citizens still benefit from the nat-ural resources of the coal and oil industry as well as agriculture. One of Carmi’s most famous visitors was Abraham Lincoln. Lincoln visited the commu-nity to speak at a political rally in 1840 and stayed in the building now known as the Ratcliff Inn. Today, The Ratcliff Inn is owned by the White County Historical Society. Today, Carmi boasts of outstanding schools, several stores and businesses on Main Street, many museums owned by the White County Historical Society and a number of parks. I ex-tend my congratulations to Mayor Jeff Pollard and the citizens of Carmi upon this celebra-tion. May the City of Carmi have many suc-cessful years ahead. f 
HONORING JANICE ANN MAYS 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Janice Ann Mays on her retirement from the U.S. House of Representatives, and to thank her for over 40 years of public service. During a career spanning over 40 years, from 1975 to 2016, she served the House of Rep-resentatives as Democratic Staff Director and Chief Counsel to the Committee on Ways and Means. She is a friend to all and well known for referring to everyone who meets her affec-tionately as ‘‘Sweetie.’’ Janice received her undergraduate degree from Wesleyan College in Macon, Georgia. She then received her Juris Doctorate from the University of Georgia College of Law in Athens, Georgia. Janice joined the Ways and Means Com-mittee staff on December 15, 1975. She was one of three Tax Counsels and the only woman. Janice was given a small desk behind a door in 1104 Longworth. She was paid less than the men on her team and found women often excluded from organizations where tax policies were developed. To say that Janice overcame obstacles and flourished is an understatement. She worked hard and went to school in the evening. She received a Masters of Law in Taxation from the Georgetown University School of Law. She was a founding member of an organization that gathered women in D.C. working on tax policy to discuss ideas and legislative initia-tives. In May 1987, she was promoted to the Committee’s Chief Tax Counsel and Staff Di-rector for the Subcommittee on Select Rev-enue. In 1993, she became the Democratic Staff Director and Chief Counsel to the Com-mittee. Janice’s exhaustive efforts on behalf of the Congress and legendary work on the Tax Re-form Act of 1986 have improved the lives of millions of Americans. She has managed with grace a Committee with broad jurisdiction that touches all aspects of American life—tax, trade, Social Security, Medicare, unemploy-ment compensation, and many other income security issues. If you ask Janice about her proudest ac-complishment, she will smile and quickly tell you that it is encouraging people to work in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12MY8.005 E12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE684 May 12, 2016 
government. She is proud of the Committee staff she has built. She has been a friend and a mentor to many on Capitol Hill—from interns to Staff Directors and Members. Staff on both sides of the aisle admire her and look up to her. For so many she has served as the model Capitol Hill staff person. If you catch her in a moment of reflection, she will say that it is leaving the people she has met, worked with, and mentored that cause her the most sadness. I know I speak for the Members of the Ways and Means Committee—present and past— when I say we are truly honored to have worked with Janice. It is hard to imagine the Ways and Means Committee, and indeed, the House of Representatives, without Janice Mays. Her service has epitomized the very best in public service: hard work, loyalty and complete dedication to making government work for the people. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle join me in thanking Jan-ice for the lasting mark she has left on the Ways and Means Committee and the U.S. Congress. I wish her the best as she moves on to the next chapter in her career and her life. Congratulations. We will truly miss you. 
f 
MYRA GUTZMER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Myra Gutzmer for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Myra Gutzmer is a 7th grader at Mandalay Middle School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Myra Gutzmer is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Myra Gutzmer for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplish-ments. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF WILLIAM R. SNEAD 
HON. ROBERT HURT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I submit these remarks to commemorate the life of Wil-liam R. Snead of Danville, Virginia, who passed away May 7, 2016 at age 92. Mr. Snead was drafted into the United States Army in 1943 during World War II and trained in Fort Bragg, N.C., where he was part of the 5th Brigade of Amphibious Engineers which was attached to the 29th Infantry Divi-sion that landed on Omaha Beach on D-Day, June 6, 1944. Snead was a company engineer with the 5th Division that landed after the first wave of infantry hit the beaches of Normandy to carry out the logistical and supply tasks that were essential to the Allied conquest of Eu-rope. Upon Mr. Snead’s return from the war, he dedicated his life to farming in Pittsylvania County, later moving to South Boston, where he began to learn the trade of house painting, in which he would eventually start his own company, W.R. Snead Painting Company in Halifax until his retirement in 1984. Mr. Snead also served our community as a council mem-ber of the South Boston Church of God for many years, as well as a trustee, and taught their Adult Sunday school class for over 50 years. In 2013, I was honored to see Mr. Snead receive the French Legion of Honor for his service during the Second World War and par-ticipate in a ceremony honoring Mr. Snead in Halifax. We remain forever grateful for Mr. Snead’s bravery and sacrifices—may he rest in peace. On the occasion of the passing of William R. Snead, I ask that the members of this House of Representatives join with me, Mr. Snead’s wife Frances Jones Snead, his four children, ten grandchildren, seven great grand-children, three great, great grandchildren, and the communities of Halifax and Pittsylvania in honoring the memory of a great American hero. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. JIM CARPENTER 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Jim Carpenter on his retire-ment after forty-one years of dedicated service to St. Rose-McCarthy Catholic School in Han-ford, California. For over four decades, Mr. Carpenter has been a dedicated educator and administrator at St. Rose-McCarthy School, working to shape the minds of countless children in our community. As a 1966 graduate of the school himself, St. Rose-McCarthy has played a sig-nificant role in Mr. Carpenter’s life. Upon his college graduation, Mr. Carpenter returned to St. Rose-McCarthy to teach in 1975. During his long career with the school, Mr. Carpenter served in various positions, and taught third, fourth, and sixth grade students. For seven years, Mr. Carpenter even served as the Principal of St. Rose McCarthy before his return to teaching in 2010. As both a student and an educator, Mr. Car-penter spent over fifty years at St. Rose- McCarthy Catholic School, which accounts for almost half of the institution’s entire history. I myself had the honor of being a student in Mr. Carpenter’s class, as he was my third grade teacher and basketball coach. Additionally, I had the honor of working with Mr. Carpenter as his United States Representative in 2014 and 2015, as he was instrumental in orga-nizing many class trips to Washington, D.C. and introducing students to the legislative process, helping students to understand how our government works at an early age. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Mr. Jim Carpenter for his decades of dedicated service and con-gratulating him on his recent retirement. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Number 184 on passage of H.R. 4641, a bill to provide for the establishment of an inter-agency task force to review, modify, and update best practices for pain manage-ment and prescribing pain medication, and for other purposes, I am not recorded because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
f 
HONORING MR. CRAIG WHITTOM 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Craig Whittom, who will retire after 27 years of public service with the City of Vallejo, California. Mr. Whittom completed his Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Public Policy at Duke Uni-versity in 1983, before going on to earn his Master of Public Policy from the Graduate School of Public Policy at the University of California, Berkeley in 1985. After completing his graduate degree, Mr. Whittom spent more than 15 years working for the cities of Berkeley and Vallejo in California in a variety of economic development roles. Mr. Whittom then served as the Redevelop-ment Agency Director for the City of Fremont from 2001 to 2003, managing programs in commercial districts and affordable housing. Mr. Whittom led the City of Vallejo’s Com-munity Development Department from 2007 to 2011, overseeing housing, economic develop-ment, and planning programs during a difficult time for the local economy. As an integral member of the team that managed the city’s entry into and exit from Chapter 9 bankruptcy, Mr. Whittom helped craft a plan for Vallejo’s economic recovery. Mr. Whittom now serves as Assistant City Manager for the City of Vallejo, and has been an important leader in managing the city’s economic plan, overseeing housing and information technology initiatives, and working with local labor groups on behalf of the city. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Whittom dedicated his ca-reer to promoting the economic success of the communities he has served. Therefore, it is fit-ting and proper that I honor him here today and extend my best wishes for an enjoyable retirement and many happy memories to come with his family. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY8.002 E12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE685 May 12, 2016 
FELIX DIAZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Felix Diaz for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Felix Diaz is a 7th grader at Jefferson Sen-ior/Junior High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Felix Diaz is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and persever-ance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and de-velop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Felix Diaz for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplish-ments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 25TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE AMERICAN AUTOIMMUNE RELATED DIS-EASES ASSOCIATION 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the American Autoimmune Related Diseases Association on their 25th anniversary on the occasion of their annual Derby Luncheon and Auction. Founded in 1991, the American Auto-immune Related Diseases Association (AARDA) was established with the mission of alleviating the suffering and impact of auto-immune diseases with the goal of eradicating autoimmune diseases throughout the U.S. and the world. AARDA’s purpose is to initiate, fos-ter, and facilitate collaboration among re-searchers, educators, advocates, and patient services in the autoimmune disease field while ensuring the highest level of effectiveness, ethics, and efficiency. We are proud to have such a distinguished national organization headquartered in the State of Michigan. Autoimmune diseases affect upwards of 50 million Americans and are the second leading cause of chronic illness in the U.S. An auto-immune disease develops when the immune system, which defends the body against dis-ease, decides the healthy cells are foreign. As a result, the immune system attacks healthy cells. Depending on the type, an autoimmune disease can affect one or many different types of body tissue. It can also cause abnormal organ growth and changes in organ function. Many autoimmune diseases are well known including Juvenile and Type 1 Diabetes, Psori-asis, Crohn’s, Fibromyalgia, Narcolepsy, and Multiple Sclerosis. Many other autoimmune diseases are lesser known, but all are difficult, frustrating, and challenging for the individual suffering with the disease. AARDA has been a tireless advocate for those impacted by autoimmune diseases, which impacts not only the patient, but their family, workplace and communities. Their work has not only resulted in critical research, drug treatments, and answers but has also been a critical support to those who have been diag-nosed. They are responsible for remarkable accomplishments. AARDA initiated the founding of the Center for Autoimmune Disease Research at Johns Hopkins University Medical Center, providing a major grant to facilitate start-up and continued support of the Center’s research program. AARDA’s advocacy was also responsible for the establishment of the Centers for Excel-lence in autoimmune diseases at NIH. As the Association has grown, they have increasingly funded peer reviewed research. AARDA also focuses considerable energy on educating physicians, patients, and the public. It is through these educational efforts that the field has continued to refine its focus on auto-immune diseases and their impacts, so that ul-timately scientists are able to find treatments and cures. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in honoring the American Autoimmune Related Diseases Association on their 25th Anniversary and wish them many more years of success in researching some of the most difficult diseases we face and in the support they have given so many. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MIKE COPELAND’S OUTSTANDING SERVICE 
HON. RENEE L. ELLMERS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, today I write in recognition of Detec-tive Mike Copeland, a financial crimes investi-gator from Chatham County, North Carolina. For the past thirteen years he has served and protected the people by investigating crimes ranging from robbery and larceny to assault and homicide. Recently, Detective Copeland managed to recover $10,000 extorted from a victim. This noble effort marks just one example of how Detective Copeland continues to protect the ill- fated targets of malicious scammers. I would like to thank Detective Copeland for his outstanding service and his work to protect those who become victims of financial fraud. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CARLA SANTORNO FOR HER WOMEN IN SCHOOL LEADERSHIP AWARD BY THE NATIONAL SUPERINTENDENTS ASSOCIATION 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Carla Santorno, the Super-intendent of Tacoma Public Schools. Earlier this spring, Ms. Santorno was awarded the Women in School Leadership award by the National Superintendents Association for the passion, dedication, and innovation she brings to the lives of students. The Women in School Leadership award seeks to recognize women educational admin-istrators who excel in their leadership for learning, communication, professionalism, and community involvement. Ms. Santorno has gone above and beyond in these areas to help Tacoma School District students to succeed in life after school. Tacoma Public Schools serves more than 30,000 students from kindergarten through grade 12, and employs more than 5,000 indi-viduals. Under Ms. Santorno’s leadership, Ta-coma Public Schools has been recognized by the Washington State Superintendent of Public Instruction as one of the state’s most innova-tive districts and has seen important improve-ments throughout the system across many dif-ferent areas. Graduation rates have steadily increased in Tacoma high schools, decreasing the achievement gap. The district has devel-oped a legislative agenda and has led the pro-motion of the Whole Child Initiative, which seeks to systematically focus on students’ so-cial, emotional, and academic needs. As a part of this effort, Ms. Santorno has initiated meaningful relationships with over 40 commu-nity organizations and has dramatically in-creased parental involvement. Additionally, Ms. Santorno has increased efforts to provide transparent achievement results, develop a data-driven system to recognize each stu-dent’s needs, and align the budget process with the school board’s strategic accountability system. All of these innovative efforts have bettered the lives of Tacoma students and the community as a whole. Carla Santorno has committed her life to public education. She spent most of her ca-reer as a teacher, principal, administrator, and area superintendent in the Denver Public Schools before moving to Seattle to serve as chief academic officer for Seattle Public Schools. Ms. Santorno has been with Tacoma Public Schools since 2009, and has served as superintendent since 2012. The progress that has been achieved in just a few years at Ta-coma Public Schools is truly remarkable and I look forward to her continued work to improve the lives of Tacoma’s young people. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rec-ognize Carla Santorno for her inspiring work and incredible enthusiasm. Her unrelenting dedication to the Tacoma community serves as an example of the tremendous impact one person can have. f 
DANIEL PERGOLA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Daniel Per-gola for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Daniel Pergola is an 8th grader at Moore Middle School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Daniel Per-gola is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12MY8.007 E12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE686 May 12, 2016 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Dan-iel Pergola for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
CONGRATULATING HARRY FRIEDMAN 
HON. CARLOS CURBELO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Harry Friedman from Key Largo, Florida for earning the rank of Eagle Scout, the highest honor in Boy Scouts which takes years of dedicated effort. Commu-nity service and leadership are the most im-portant tenets of being a Boy Scout and Harry has proven to possess both. Harry’s service project involved constructing a community garden located at the Keys Jew-ish Community Center in Tavernier, FL. Harry then arranged for the harvested vegetables to be donated to the Burton Memorial Church for their Food Bank Program. This program has assisted in feeding the homeless by adding lo-cally grown, fresh vegetables to their diet on a regular basis. Many of my district’s constituents have al-ready been positively affected by Harry’s con-tributions to our community. We are all grate-ful for his dedication to service and know he will go on to accomplish great things. On behalf of the Twenty-Sixth Congres-sional District of Florida, congratulations again on becoming an Eagle Scout. 
f 
TRIBUTE HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MR. HENRY WILSON 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I met and got to know Henry Wilson in January of 1969 when I took a job as the Ex-ecutive Director of Greater Lawndale Con-servation Commission where Mr. Henry Wil-son was a member of the Board of Directors. Henry worked for Western Electric at its Hawthorne Plant; which at its height, em-ployed 45,000 people in its operations. Henry came off the assembly line and ultimately be-came the Director of Community Relations. Western Electric was incorporated in New York in 1915 and became the telephone mo-nopoly until 1984 when it split and became AT&T Technologies. Henry as a pioneer in corporate community relations used his posi-tion at Western Electric to assist local commu-nity charitable, not-for-profit and faith institu-tions in fund-raising, planning and program de-velopment activities. Mr. Wilson was a great advocate for edu-cation and youth programs such as Boy Scouts, Girl Scouts and YMCA activities. He loved Chicago, he loved the Englewood community where he lived and especially the North Lawndale Community where much of his work was centered. CELEBRATING WILLIE BROWNING HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Willie Browning’s service to central Texas. On May 12, she will retire from over 20 years of work in the veteran commu-nity as a volunteer Veterans Service Officer in Harker Heights. Her commitment to putting our troops and veterans first reflects the very best of the generous spirit of the Lone Star State. Willie knows that the interests of our brave men and women who have served in uniform must remain a top priority for the United States government. A veteran herself, she has truly exemplified what it means to give back to her community. Along with her military service and commitment to ensuring veterans get what they earned, Willie’s involvement in mul-tiple civic organizations and her work as a published author are just a few reasons she is admired and respected by many. Following the death of her husband, SGM William Edwards Evans, Willie didn’t waste any time combining her talent and passion to proactively overcome the challenges both in her life and in the lives of others. She worked as a selfless and effective daily volunteer, helping to process over 140,000 claims from veterans and their families. Over the years, she became a trusted ally and resource for veterans in central Texas. There is no doubt that Willie’s perseverance and formidable skills helped many who otherwise may not have re-ceived benefits. Willie Browning’s positive impact in her community deserves the utmost praise and recognition. With the love and support of her three daughters, three sons in law, and nu-merous grandchildren and great-grandchildren, Willie has played a huge role in directly help-ing to improve the lives of so many veterans. I’m sure I echo the thoughts of all when I wish her the best in both her much deserved retire-ment and all her future endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 20TH PASTORAL ANNIVERSARY OF REVEREND AARON N. GIBSON, SR. 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Reverend Aaron N. Gibson, Sr. on his 20th Pastoral Anniversary. As the pas-tor of Second Baptist Church, Rev. Gibson continues to provide outstanding spiritual lead-ership to the Long Branch community. Installed as pastor of Second Baptist Church in Long Branch, New Jersey on May 19, 1996, Rev. Gibson brought with him a wealth of experience that has helped him lead his congregation and oversee an extensive ex-pansion of the church. Prior to his call to serve the Second Baptist Church, Rev. Gibson served as an Associate Minister of the Fulton Baptist Church in Baltimore, Maryland, Assist-ant Pastor of the Gospel Service in Vogelweh, Germany and Director of Parish Development for the Chaplaincy during his service to the U.S. Army Chaplain Board. A veteran of the U.S. Army, Rev. Gibson served in the Chap-lain Corps for 27 years, reaching the rank of Command Sergeant Major of the U.S. Army Chaplain Center and School and the Com-mandant of the Non-Commissioned Officers’ Academy. In addition to his service to Second Baptist Church, Rev. Gibson is an active member of the community. He is a co-founder of the Urban Ministerium of Long Branch and served as its first President, a position he held for over 10 years. Rev. Gibson is also a member of the Permanent Council of the Seacoast Missionary Baptist Association of Central Jer-sey and previously served as its Second Vice- Moderator and Acting Moderator. He is also a member of the NAACP and has been recog-nized for his many contributions to the com-munity, ministry and country, achieving both the Legion of Merit military award and the Whitney M. Young Service Award, among countless others. Mr. Speaker, once again, please join me in celebrating the 20th Pastoral Anniversary of Rev. Aaron Gibson, Sr. His leadership, service and dedication to the church and community are truly deserving of this body’s recognition. f 
ADAM SEAMAN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Adam Sea-man for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Adam Seaman is a 7th grader at Mandalay Middle School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Adam Sea-man is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Adam Seaman for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE WASH-INGTON PREMIERE OF WALK WITH ME: THE TRIALS OF DAMON J. KEITH 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Judge Damon J. Keith’s outstanding career and service to the United States as we cele-brate the Washington premiere of the docu-mentary Walk With Me: The Trials of Damon J. Keith. Judge Keith has a long and distin-guished record and this documentary honors 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12MY8.008 E12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE687 May 12, 2016 
his legacy by chronicling some of his most no-table accomplishments. From an early age, Judge Keith excelled in and out of the classroom. He graduated from Northwestern High School in Detroit, where he ran track. He went on to become the first in his family to earn a college degree when he graduated from West Virginia State College in 1943. After serving in the U.S. Army for three years, he continued his education and earned his law degree from Howard University Law School in 1949. In 1967, Judge Keith became the second African American to sit on the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan after being appointed by President Lyndon John-son. He served as a Judge for the Eastern District from 1967 to 1977, and was named Chief Judge in 1975. During the decade he served the District Court, Judge Keith delivered a series of key civil rights rulings including: Davis v. School District of the City of Pontiac (1970) (school desegregation); Stamps v. Detroit Edison Co. (1973) and Baker v. City of Detroit (1979) (employment discrimination and affirmative ac-tion); and Garrett v. City of Hamtramck (1971) and Zuch v. Hussey (1975) (housing discrimi-nation). He was unanimously affirmed by the United States Supreme Court in the landmark civil lib-erties case U.S. v. Sinclair (1971), known as the ‘‘Keith decision,’’ which found that wiretap surveillance absent a court order in domestic security cases to be unconstitutional, contrib-uting to the passage of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act (FISA). In 1977, President Jimmy Carter appointed Judge Keith to the United States Court of Ap-peals for the Sixth Circuit, where he served for 18 years until he took senior status in 1995. During the 1980’s, he chaired the Sixth Circuit and Judicial Conference Committees com-memorating the Bicentennial of the Constitu-tion. In the wake of post-September 11 civil lib-erty challenges, Circuit Judge Keith, ruled in Detroit Free Press v. Ashcroft (2002) that the absolute closure of deportation hearings in ‘‘9–11 special interest’’ cases was unconstitu-tional, thereby ensuring openness in govern-ment proceedings. Judge Keith is widely revered, having re-ceived numerous honors and awards, includ-ing: the National Association for the Advance-ment of Colored People’s highest award, the Springarn Medal, in 1974; the American Bar Association’s Thurgood Marshall Award in 1997; the Edward J. Devitt Award for Distin-guished Service to Justice in 1998, presented by a panel comprised of a United States Su-preme Court Justice, a federal circuit court judge, and a federal district court judge; and honorary degrees from Harvard University, Yale University, Georgetown University, the University of Michigan, Tuskegee University, and over thirty other institutions. Throughout his career, Judge Keith has consistently stood as a defender of the Con-stitution and civil rights of all people. On the occasion of the Washington pre-miere of the documentary Walk With Me: The Trials of Damon J. Keith, I applaud his many accomplishments. I am glad that Judge Keith’s story is being shared and that many more people will have the opportunity to learn of his contributions to our Nation. ST PAUL’S EVANGELICAL LU-THERAN CHURCH 150TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the 150th anniversary of St. Paul’s Evangelical Lutheran Church in Stras-burg, Illinois. On April 15, 1866, even before the forma-tion of the Village of Strasburg, worshipers came together to form St. Paul’s. The con-gregation at first had no building in which to worship, and so the first members would meet in each other’s homes or in public schools. But it would not be long before the first church was constructed, and in 1954 the current church was built, which to this day offers Sun-day services. The parishioners of St. Paul’s feel devoted to their parish and to each other, as genera-tions have worshipped together as members of an extended family. St. Paul’s Evangelical Lutheran Church has a long tradition of com-munity involvement and care, and for 150 years it has been serving the spiritual and emotional needs of its members and the com-munity. St. Paul’s celebrated its 150th anniversary with a special service and an appearance from the Concordia Seminary Touring Choir of St. Louis, and its celebration will continue with special events scheduled for later this sum-mer. I look forward to the continued success of St. Paul’s, and I extend my best wishes as it celebrates its 150th anniversary. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TAMMY DUCKWORTH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, on May 10, 2016, on Roll Call Number 180 on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4957, To designate the Federal Building located at 99 New York Avenue, N.E., in the District of Columbia as the ‘‘Ariel Rios Federal Building,’’ I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass H.R. 4957. On May 10, 2016, on Roll Call Number 181 on the motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended, H.R. 5052, Opioid Program Eval-uation Act, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass, as amend-ed, H.R. 5052. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. CHARLES RAGLAND 
HON. THOMAS J. ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Charles Ragland of Palm Beach County who passed away in August after a courageous fight with brain cancer. Charles Ragland was a beloved husband, brother, father, grandfather, uncle and friend. He was a decorated Vietnam Veteran, a dedi-cated public servant and inspiration to all who had the pleasure of knowing him. Following his graduation from the University of Miami in 1965, Charles joined the United States Army and attended Officer Candidate School at Fort Benning, GA. After receiving a commission as a Lieutenant, Mr. Ragland completed Jungle Warfare School in Panama before serving two years in Vietnam as a member of the First Cavalry Division. Mr. Ragland served honorably and coura-geously while in Vietnam, receiving a number of commendations for his service. He was the recipient of the Purple Heart, the Gallantry Cross with Silver Star, the Vietnam Campaign Medal, the Vietnam Service Medal, the Air Medal, the Bronze Star with Valor and an ad-ditional Bronze Star. After receiving an honorable discharge from the Army in 1969, Charles began what would be a long and successful career in finance. He began working as the National Coordinator of State Finance Chairman for President Gerald Ford’s 1976 Election Campaign. After leaving the campaign, Charles worked with Our Lady of Lourdes Children’s Cancer Foundation in Miami and the American Red Cross—Palm Beach County Chapter before finding his true calling as an Investment Director with Wells Fargo Advisors. Alongside his prominent financial career, Mr. Ragland continued to selflessly serve his com-munity. He served as the President of Kiwanis of Palm Beach as well as chairing the board of Pine Crest School at Boca Raton. Most no-tably, Charles was the Founding Board Chair-man of Operation Homefront—Florida. His ex-emplary dedication to his community and to helping veterans in need through this organi-zation earned him the prestigious Wachovia Way award in 2008 and the 2010 Wells Fargo Volunteer of the Year award. On October 29, 2010, Mr. Ragland was di-agnosed with a stage four Glioblastoma. This highly malignant form of brain tumor is unfor-tunately difficult to treat as it reproduces quick-ly and is made up of a multitude of different cell types which do not all respond to treat-ment in the same way. Charles outlasted Glioblastoma’s median survival rate of 14 months, fighting off the disease for nearly five years until his passing on August 2, 2015. Mr. Ragland will be sorely missed but his memory will live on through all of the lives he impacted. While we all are deeply saddened by his passing, I hope that Mr. Ragland’s fight may raise awareness for this deadly disease so that others might beat this cancer in the fu-ture. Mr. Speaker, I speak for all of Palm Beach County in saying that we are grateful for Mr. Ragland’s service and I know that he will live on in the memory of his family and friends. Charles Ragland was a soldier, a skilled busi-nessman and dedicated pillar in his commu-nity, who lived his life in a way that we should all strive to live our own. Charles will be truly missed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY8.014 E12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE688 May 12, 2016 
DESTINY GARCIA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Destiny Gar-cia for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Destiny Garcia is an 8th grader at Jefferson Senior/Junior High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversi-ties. The dedication demonstrated by Destiny Garcia is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Des-tiny Garcia for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future accomplishments. 
f 
DECLASSIFICATION OF THE 28 PAGES OF THE 9/11 JOINT CON-GRESSIONAL INQUIRY 
HON. STEPHEN F. LYNCH 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues in calling on President Obama to finally declassify the 28 pages of the Joint Congressional Inquiry into Intelligence Activi-ties Before and After the Terrorist Attacks of September 2001. This year will mark 15 years since the hor-rific September 11 attacks that struck at the heart of our nation, and shook us to our core. The United States suffered an immeasurable tragedy that day, but for the victims and their families, their loss is beyond words. They lost sons, daughters, mothers, fathers, husbands, wives, sisters and brothers. These families’ lives were forever changed, and their road to healing is made all the more difficult by the questions that remain unanswered. These classified pages in the 9/11 joint con-gressional inquiry contain vital information about the circumstances surrounding the at-tacks, and can provide crucial guidance for our future counterterrorism policies. I have personally read these pages and am confident that they can be released without compro-mising intelligence-gathering sources and methods. The Obama Administration is cur-rently undertaking a review and is expected to announce its decision in the coming weeks. I strongly urge it to complete its review as soon as possible and declassify the 28 pages. I am pleased to be part of this bipartisan ef-fort to give the families the answers they de-serve. Together with my colleagues Congress-man W
ALTER JONES and Congressman T HOM-
ASMASSIE , we introduced H. Res. 14 urging the President to release the pages. I want to thank Congresswoman G
WEN GRAHAM for or- ganizing these speeches that are bringing re-newed attention to this matter. I also want to acknowledge and thank former Senator Bob Graham for his hard work as Chair of the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence when the Joint Congressional Inquiry was written, and his steadfast advocacy for making these pages public. Mr. Speaker, the victims’ families and our nation experienced a profound personal loss and after 15 years they deserve to have their questions answered. The declassification of the 28 pages will be an important step in that direction. f 
CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT OF COL. TANYA S. BAKER FROM THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Colonel Tanya S. Baker of Woodbridge, VA on the occasion of her retire-ment from the United States Army. Through-out her 30 year career, Col. Baker has self-lessly served our country and community; namely, during the time she spent as North American Aerospace Command and United States Northern Command (NORAD and USNORTHCOM) Coordination Officer to the Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS), at the Pentagon. NORAD USNORTHCOM is a tremendous institution and its Washington Office is charged with building trusted relationships with mission es-sential partners, such as DHHS. NORAD USNORTHCOM provides command and con-trol of Department of Defense (DOD) home-land defense efforts and coordinates Defense Support of Civil Authorities. In performing both of these critical missions, USNORTHCOM de-fends America’s homeland and protects our people, national power, and strategic freedom of action. Col. Baker was commissioned via George-town ROTC in May of 1986, after matriculating from George Mason University. She received her commission as a Medical Service Corps Lieutenant and served in many notable as-signments of increasing responsibility, includ-ing Federal Coordinating Center Coordinator at Tripler Army Medical Center, in Honolulu, Hawaii and Battalion Commander for the Army Reserve Careers Division, 13th Battalion, in Aurora, CO. Such roles have enabled Col. Baker to positively and significantly influence her colleagues, fellow Soldiers, as well as the future strategic leaders of our military. Col. Baker holds a Bachelor of Arts in Soci-ology from George Mason University and Mas-ter of Strategic Studies from the Army War College. Col. Baker also completed a second Senior Service College—the Air War College. In addition to her academic success, Col. Baker has received an extensive number of awards and decorations. These include the Defense Superior Service Medal, Army Meri-torious Service Medal with three Oak Leaf Clusters, Army Commendation Medal with three Oak Leaf Clusters, Army Achievement Medal, Southwest Asia Service Medal with three Bronze Stars, Global War on Terrorism Medal, Army Superior Unit Award, Meritorious Unit Commendation Award and Army Staff Identification Badge. Such accolades are in-dicative of the high caliber of her unfailing and dedicated service to our nation. On June 6th, 2014, Col. Baker assumed du-ties as the NORAD and USNORTHCOM Co-ordination Officer to the Department of Health and Human Services, at the Pentagon. As a Coordination Officer, Col. Baker has directly and significantly contributed to NORAD and USNORTHCOM’s mission success in re-sponse to the Unaccompanied Children Hu-manitarian Crisis and the international and do-mestic responses to the Ebola Virus Disease outbreak. The trusted partnerships that Col. Baker meticulously built among diverse stake-holders will remain as her key national-level contribution and legacy. Even though she will no longer be present at NORAD and USNORTHCOM on a day-to-day basis, her legacy will inevitably carry on. Col. Baker is supported in her retirement by her parents: Thermus R. Baker, Sr. and Ruth B. Baker; her brothers: Thermus R. Baker, Jr., Everett S. Baker, Gary B Baker, and Reginald M. Baker; her sister Monica R. Frazier; and her faithful companion and dog Zoe Simone. Mr. Speaker, I am humbled to congratulate Col. Baker on the culmination of a distin-guished 30 year career in the United States Army. I wish her all the best in this next chap-ter of her life. 
f 
HONORING MR. BRAD ONORATO 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and honor Mr. Brad Onorato for his great contribution to the des-ignation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, busi-nesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the estab-lishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12MY8.010 E12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE689 May 12, 2016 
Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Brad to further the preserva-tion of our nation’s great open spaces. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE BETH ISRAEL CONGREGATION 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Beth Israel Congregation in Ann Arbor, Michigan. It is an honor to highlight their continued com-mitment to the spiritual and cultural life of the Washtenaw County community. In 1916, The Beth Israel Congregation was established, and for many years was the only Jewish congregation in Ann Arbor. At its in-ception, the congregation celebrated the Jew-ish High Holidays in the home of Osias Zwerdling who served as the President of the congregation for forty years. The congregation was without a Rabbi until Joshua Sperka who served from 1932–1934. For many years, the Beth Israel congregation occasionally had a Rabbi, but made the community work through a wonderful spirit of volunteerism and faith. Today, the congregation is blessed to have the leadership of Rabbi Robert Dobrusin and Rabbi Kim Blumenthal. The Beth Israel Congregation has had an important influence on Jewish life in Washtenaw County. In fact, Beth Israel was one of the first conservative congregations in southeast Michigan to become an egalitarian congregation. For the Beth Israel congrega-tion, participation in, leading, or chanting the service is an important aspect of the con-gregation and they have fully welcomed LGBT individuals into this congregational life. Beth Israel Congregation’s services reflect Ann Ar-bor’s rich diversity; making it one of the lead-ing advocates for the ordinations of LGBT rab-bis in the Jewish diaspora. Beth Israel is a faithful, forward looking congregation that is growing, welcoming new members, and stay-ing positively involved in the community, in the finest tradition. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Beth Israel Congregation and wish them many more years of faithful service. 
f 
JAMES TRESCO 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud James Tresco for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. James Tresco is a 7th grader at Jefferson Senior/Junior High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversi-ties. The dedication demonstrated by James Tresco is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to James Tresco for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF GUNNY SERGEANT GEORGE A. CRISWELL 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service and career of Gunny Sergeant George A. Criswell as he retires from the U.S. Marine Corps (USMC). Gunny Sergeant Criswell served in the USMC for 20 years and deserves to be commended for his outstanding service and dedication to our country. Gunny Sergeant Criswell was born in York, Pennsylvania on March 18, 1972. From a young age he embodied the traits of a Marine; he is selfless, courageous, intelligent, loyal, and enthusiastic. It is no coincidence that Gunny Sergeant Criswell would dedicate his life to serving our country and become a he-roic leader to our nation. During his most recent overseas deploy-ment from November 10, 2011 through Octo-ber 31, 2012, he served as the Staff Non- Commissioned-Officer-in Charge of CJ3 Bor-ders Division, Combat Joint Task Force and Regional Command—East. While he was de-ployed, Gunny Sergeant Criswell was in direct support of Operation Enduring Freedom XIII in Bagram Air Field, Afghanistan as well as other locations throughout Afghanistan. The mission of Operation Enduring Freedom XIII was to fa-cilitate coordination of near-border combat op-erations and emergency de-escalation of fires between Coalition Forces, Afghan National Security Forces, and the Pakistani Military. While stationed in the Bagram Airfield, Gunny Sergeant Criswell witnessed a situation in which 2000 local Afghans attempted to breech an entry control point. When Sergeant Gunny Criswell returned to the United States, he was awarded the Bronze Star Medal for his valiant service where he was subject to over 45 indirect fire attacks. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in honoring the career and noble service of Gunny Sergeant George A. Criswell. It is with great pride that we thank him for his genuine selflessness and service to our country. 
f 
AMERICAN FEDERATION OF MUSI-CIANS OF U.S. AND CANADA CELEBRATES 100 YEARS 
HON. COLLIN C. PETERSON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pleasure to stand before you and offer my heartiest congratulations to the profes-sional musicians and leadership of the Amer-ican Federation of Musicians of the United States and Canada (AFM). This year, the union which represents more than 80,000 pro-fessional musicians will convene and celebrate its 100th Annual International Convention in Las Vegas, Nevada on June 20, 2016. Many members of Congress maintain a close per-sonal relationship with the professional musi-cians of this storied organization many of whom live and work in your respective dis-tricts. I know you like I wish them another 100 years addressing the complex issues that drive the American music industry. For more than 119 years, the AFM has rep-resented the interests of musicians working in America’s major and regional symphony or-chestras like the Washington National Sym-phony Orchestra, New York Philharmonic, Cleveland Orchestra, San Francisco Sym-phony and many others. The organization also represents jazz, country and pop greats such as Winton Marsalis, Bonnie Raitt, Bruce Springsteen, and Willie Nelson to name a few. AFM musicians for decades have performed the sounds movie goers around the world have been privileged to hear in such epic American films as Star Wars, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Sponge Bob Movie, the Wolf of Wall Street, and Trumbo to name a few. These in-credibly talented American musicians have performed under the batons of such distin-guished American internationally recognized composers and AFM members as John Wil-liams, Clint Eastwood, Lennie Niehaus, and others. The AFM also has a unique set of accom-plishments on Capitol Hill, successfully rep-resenting musicians in the areas of perform-ance rights, copyright, intellectual property, federal appropriations, immigration reform, De-partment of Transportation regulatory reform, Department of the Interior regulatory reform, as well as work in the area of tax reform. Mr. Speaker, no other national instrumental music organization has the tenure and reach of the American Federation of Musicians hav-ing affected legislation and regulations that have helped more than one million profes-sional musicians, students and amateur pro-fessionals create uniquely American music. The AFM’s longevity is so storied that the United States Department of Labor recognizes it as one of a few American labor organiza-tions that has existed for more than 100 years and proudly displays a plaque in honor of that accomplishment in the corridors of the Depart-ment of Labor. As a performing musician myself, I under-stand the nature of the music business and recognize that the work of the AFM has bene-fited more than its own members but has been a driving force in the advancement of America music recognized the world over as some of the most progressive and entertaining domes-tic product in great demand around the globe. So, I ask members of congress to join with me in celebrating a unique American institu-tion comprised of some of the best musicians recognized across the globe. Our hats are off to those who make American music great. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY8.015 E12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE690 May 12, 2016 
A TRIBUTE: REMEMBERING THE 2015 AMTRAK DERAILMENT 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to remember the 8 people who were killed, as well as the more than 200 people in-jured in the Amtrak train 188 derailment one year ago today in Philadelphia. This tragedy affected the entire region, touching the lives of hundreds of people across the country. It serves as an important reminder that we must work to ensure the necessary safeguards are in place, in order to protect Amtrak riders and employees from unnecessary heartbreaks such as this. On this day, it is also important to remem-ber and be thankful for the selfless work of our first responders and hospital staff that treated the victims and consequently saved lives. Equally important was the open hearted re-sponse of the residents of the area, who truly showed the nation why we are known as the ‘‘City of Brotherly Love and Sisterly Affection’’ by immediately opening their doors to the vic-tims and providing food and water. In spite of this terrible tragedy, we can be proud of the humanity exhibited by all those who offered help. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues help me in honoring the victims of the train 188 derailment one year ago today. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ERIC A. ‘‘RICK’’ CRAWFORD 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, on April 28 through 29, 2016, I was inadvertently detained on Rollcall Votes 176, 177, and 179. Had I been present to vote, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on each. In addition, I was inadvertently detained on Rollcall Vote 178. Had I been present to vote, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
MASON KIM 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Mason Kim for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Mason Kim is a 7th grader at Mandalay Middle School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Mason Kim is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and persever-ance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and de-velop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Mason Kim for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TIM HUELSKAMP 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, on May 11, 2016, I was not present for roll call vote number 182 due to a meeting with Sen-ator P
ATROBERTS . If I had been in attend-ance, I would have voted yes on roll call vote 182. 
f 
AZERBAIJAN 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express deep concern over the recent surge in hos-tilities along the front line between Armenia and Azerbaijan. This outbreak of violence has claimed doz-ens of lives on both sides. The recent violent clashes followed a suc-cessful visit to the U.S. by President Aliyev of Azerbaijan, which included meetings with Vice President Biden and Secretary of State Kerry, as both reaffirmed U.S. support for expanding ties with Azerbaijan, a reliable strategic part-ner in a tough neighborhood. Given Russia’s apprehension with the stra-tegic Southern Gas Corridor project cham-pioned by Azerbaijan and providing energy se-curity for our allies in Europe, and Azerbaijan’s security alliance with the United States, this latest upsurge in fighting is a another sign of Moscow’s meddling in the affairs of states along its borders. As we’ve seen in Eastern Ukraine and Georgia, Russia continues to exploit separatist movements along its periphery to pressure America’s friends and bring them back into its orbit. Unfortunately, it’s not the first time that Ar-menia—the Kremlin’s key regional ally and the host to a number of Russian military bases— is being used as a proxy to intimidate U.S. partners, including Azerbaijan and Georgia. As the latest loss of life shows, Armenia’s nearly complete economic, political and mili-tary dependence on Russia no longer is a threat to its neighbors alone—it’s a security challenge to Armenia itself. These latest hostilities between Azerbaijan and Armenia once again remind us of the ur-gency to find a peaceful solution to the pro-tracted Nagorno-Karabakh conflict. I urge the Administration to step up its ef-forts to achieve a peaceful solution and work with both sides to stabilize the situation. Meanwhile, in the face of increasing Rus-sian interference and aggression against its neighbors, the United States should remain steadfast in its support for our friends in Azer-baijan. IN HONOR OF JOHN MORRIS DAVIS’ EXTRAORDINARY SERV-ICE TO HIS COMMUNITY HON. RENEE L. ELLMERS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, today I seek to honor the life of John Morris Davis, Jr., who died May 7th 2016 due to a cardiac arrest suffered while volunteering as a firefighter in Kenly, North Carolina. Mr. Davis had a fierce passion for serving his community, as made apparent through his role as a local police officer and also as a vol-unteer firefighter. He always sought to provide aid to people in need, frequently showing up to help even on days he wasn’t expected to. Mr. Davis’ heroic bravery in seeking to save the life of another speaks volumes about his character and his dedication to the motto of others before self. Mr. Davis is survived by his wife, Dwaina; three children, Courtney, Autumn, and Hanna; and his brotherhood of the Kenly Fire Depart-ment. John M. Davis, like so many of our brave firefighters and policemen, sacrifice time with their families and loved ones to ensure our community’s safety. We are forever indebted to them for their courageous service. 
f 
CONGRATULATING KIMMIE ETHEREDGE ON HER RETIRE-MENT AS PRINCIPAL OF KAY GRANGER ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Kimmie Etheredge for her nine tremendously successful years as Principal of Kay Granger Elementary School in Fort Worth, Texas. Principal Etheredge came to the Northwest Independent School District in north Fort Worth in 2007 to open Kay Granger Elemen-tary. She helped build a community in the new suburb by meeting parents and encouraging them to be a part of their children’s education. She called and personally welcomed every in-coming student to the new school. She developed a strong academic and pa-rental and community support base, and is ex-tremely popular among current and former stu-dents and their families. Under her leadership, the campus has averaged over 10,000 volun-teer hours every year. The school won the district’s Partner in Edu-cation Campus of the Year Award three years in a row. It received an exemplary rating in academics for five straight years. It was cho-sen as a state School of Character in 2012, and was designated a National School of Character the following year. During her 28 years in education, Principal Etheredge spent 12 years teaching Fourth Grade, two years as assistant principal, and 14 years as a campus principal. She was named a 2014 Texas National Distinguished Principal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12MY8.019 E12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE691 May 12, 2016 
Principal Etheredge has co-chaired the Texas Elementary Principals and School Ad-ministrators (TEPSA) State Schools of Char-acter Initiative since 2011. She is a sought-out speaker statewide on character development, teacher and campus morale, and fostering grit in both student and adult learners. The statewide TEPSA group has chosen Etheredge to be co-director of its Trans-formational Leadership Community program. She will be mentoring new principals through-out Texas, and training others to be mentors as well. She will leave Granger Elementary next month to move on to her new position. Mr. Speaker, I have known Principal Etheredge as a friend and admired her leader-ship as a principal and in the community. We will miss her in our local schools, but we know she will now be improving all of our schools. Please join me in congratulating her for her service, and wishing her well in her new en-deavor. 
f 
PABLO FLORES-CERVANTES 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Pablo Flores- Cervantes for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Pablo Flores-Cervantes is a 7th grader at Mandalay Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversi-ties. The dedication demonstrated by Pablo Flo-res-Cervantes is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Pablo Flores-Cervantes for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. DAVID R. STONE ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Dr. David R. Stone for his con-tributions and years of service to the field of nonprofit community mental health. I congratu-late him on his recent retirement. Dr. Stone has committed his entire career to nonprofit community mental health. For the past 27 years, he has served as Chief Execu-tive Officer of Sound Mental Health, which is one of King County’s most comprehensive mental health providers. Services provided in-clude mental health, substance abuse, and behavioral health services to children, men, and women. Following the passage of the Af-fordable Care Act, under Dr. Stone’s leader-ship, Sound Mental Health successfully facili-tated the integration of behavioral health with primary care, realizing tremendous growth from this alignment. His unrelenting dedication to mental health services resulted in Sound Mental Health growing to 80-plus programs, supporting more than 20,000 people, and gen-erating annual revenue in the millions of dol-lars. Dr. Stone has been an influential leader in the field of behavioral health in the community as well as all over the country for the past 42 years. He is known for his gracious manner and his strong business sense. Dr. Stone’s perseverance has elevated the conversation about mental health and changed the way our community views this important field. Dr. Stone’s influence has changed minds and im-pacted the mental health field tremendously. Prior to serving as the CEO of Sound Men-tal Health, Dr. Stone served as the Executive Director for Mental Health Services of Upper Pinellas and Baltimore Mental Health Sys-tems. Dr. Stone is very active in the commu-nity. He serves on the board of directors for Mental Health Corporations of America and the Washington Community Health Council while also finding time to be an active member of the King County Mental Health Providers Association. Dr. Stone earned his B.A. in Psychology from Eckerd College, his M.A. in Psychology from the University of Florida, followed by a Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology, also from the University of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rec-ognize Dr. David R. Stone for his admirable leadership as CEO of Sound Mental Health and congratulate him on his recent retirement. His work will undoubtedly continue to impact the mental health community for many years to come. f 
HONORING MS. CASEY BADMINGTON 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and honor Ms. Casey Badmington for her great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, busi-nesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the estab-lishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Casey to further the preser-vation of our nation’s great open spaces. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE DIVINE CHILD HIGH SCHOOL MUSIC PRO-GRAM 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 50th anniversary of the Divine Child High School Music Program in Dear-born, Michigan. The longevity of musical ex-cellence at Divine Child’s Music Program, which gives young musicians opportunities to develop and showcase their talents, is known and valued throughout the Dearborn commu-nity. Divine Child High School was founded in 1958 as a co-ed Catholic high school centered on Christian values and traditions. With a strong tradition of excellence in partnership with the community, Divine Child is committed to providing opportunities to nurture students academically, creatively, socially and spir-itually. Divine Child High School develops youth who will pursue lives of responsibility and leadership. Since 1966, Divine Child High School Bands and Choirs have provided a rich musical back-drop for all school events. This tradition serves as an inspiration for today’s students, as well as generations of Divine Child graduates. Today, the music program includes nearly twenty percent of Divine Child’s student popu-lation with over one hundred performers. Di-vine Child musicians and vocalists have shared their talents locally, nationally and internationally, showcasing ten music groups including marching, symphonic, jazz, musical, and pep bands. The program has won best band awards from America’s Thanksgiving Pa-rade to Mackinaw City and has performed at Disney World, The Field Museum in Chicago and The Old Post Office in D.C. Divine Child High School Bands have learned from ad-vanced clinics at Vanderbilt University, Catho-lic University and with Broadway conductors in New York City. In addition to public appear-ances, Divine Child Pep Bands greet incoming freshmen in the fall and celebrate graduation with the seniors in the spring. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Divine Child High School Music Program and we wish them many more years of success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY8.024 E12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE692 May 12, 2016 
HONORING HELEN AND TAYLOE MURPHY 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Helen and Tayloe Murphy of Mount Holly, VA for their many years of dedicated service to conservation, beautification and preservation efforts in Virginia. Helen has been engaged in preservation and conservation activities for over 50 years. She has served on the boards of the Virginia Historical Society, the Virginia Nature Conser-vancy, the Virginia Outdoors Foundation, the Department of Historic Resources, the Lewis Ginter Botanical Garden and the Rappahan-nock Community College. In addition to serv-ing on these boards, Helen served as the President of the Menokin Foundation from 2004 to 2010 and the President of The Gar-den Club of Virginia from 1992 to 1994. Tayloe has also dedicated his life to public service. After graduating from Hampton—Syd-ney College, Mr. Murphy attended law school at the University of Virginia and then went on to serve as a commissioned officer in the United States Navy. Continuing his public service career, he was a member of the Vir-ginia House of Delegates from 1982 to 2000, and was later appointed Secretary of Natural Resources during Governor Mark Warner’s administration. While a member of the General Assembly and as Secretary of Natural Re-sources he served on the Chesapeake Bay Commission and was its chairman three times. Tayloe has practiced law since 1960, and he has been a leading voice for environmental in-terests for decades, playing an instrumental role in the development of key legislation, reg-ulations and policies. He has served on the Board of Trustees of the Chesapeake Bay Foundation and Preservation Virginia. He is a former President of the Northern Neck Histor-ical Society and serves on the Board of Direc-tors of Union Bankshares Corporation. Tayloe just finished his term as President of the Menokin Foundation after serving for six years. Mr. and Mrs. Murphy have shown an un-wavering commitment to the conservation of Virginia’s natural resources. Their leadership and hard work has not gone unnoticed. The Murphy’s active involvement has made their community a better place and I am proud to have them as residents of the First District. I thank both Helen and Tayloe for their leader-ship of the Menokin Foundation and for work-ing tirelessly to protect our natural resources and environment for future generations. 
f 
BROOKE CATLIN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Brooke Catlin for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Brooke Catlin is an 11th grader at Faith Christian Academy and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Brooke Catlin is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Brooke Catlin for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. f 
THE ZIKA PUBLIC HEALTH CRISIS: THE URGENT NEED FOR THE PRESIDENT’S EMERGENCY FUND-ING REQUEST 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on the topic of the Zika Virus threat that is real and something that the Congress should address. As a senior member of the House Com-mittee on Homeland Security, which has a core mission of emergency preparedness of state and local governments to be equipped to react to emergencies make me acutely aware of the potential for the Zika Virus to be a real challenge for state and local governments in the coming months. I thank President Obama for his leadership in requesting $1.9 billion to address the threat of the Zika Virus. The Administration due to the threat posed by Zika has used funds allocated for Ebola, which will need to be replaced once Zika fund-ing is available. The region of the world impacted by Ebola is still seeing new victims and the funds allot-ted for Ebola are therefore still needed. I like many of my colleagues with districts along the Gulf Coast am well aware of the presence of mosquitoes. These areas are known to have both types of the Zika Virus vectors: the Aedes Aegypti and the Aedes Albopictus, which is why I held a meeting in Houston on March 10, 2016 about the evolving health threat. I convened a meeting with Houston, Harris County and State officials at every level with responsibility for combating the Zika Virus to discuss preparations that would mitigate the spread of the mosquitoes that can carry the virus. Houston, Texas, like many cities, towns, and parishes along the Gulf Coast, has a trop-ical climate like parts of Central and South America, as well as the Caribbean. Tropical climates are hospitable to mosquitoes that carry the Zika Virus. In addition, Houston has a large and very diverse population that travels to many of the Zika Virus impacted zones, located throughout Central and South America and the Caribbean where mosquito transmission of the Zika Virus is the primary means of exposure to the ill-ness. I have identified shared concerns among state and local agency officials regarding a need to have a plan to address the Zika Virus in the Houston and Harris County area that would include every aspect of the community. Part of the Zika Virus response must be to ensure that we are doing all that we can and should be doing to reach every community. CDC has a disease surveillance unit at Bush Intercontinental Airport. The participants in the March 10, 2016 meeting I hosted on the Zika Virus provided insight into each of the areas that local gov-ernments will have to address. The participants in the March 10, 2016 meeting I held in Houston included: Dr. Peter Hotez, Dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine and Professor of Pediatrics and Molecular Virology & Microbi-ology, Baylor College of Medicine; Dr. Umair Shah, Executive Director for Harris County Public Health & Environmental Services; Dr. Dubboun, Director of the Harris County Public Health Environmental Services Mosquito Con-trol Division; Dr. Gruber, Assistant Commis-sioner from Regional and Local Health Serv-ices for the State of Texas; Dr. Raouf Arafat, Houston Health and Human Services Office of Surveillance and Public Health Preparedness; Stephen Williams, Director of Houston Health Department; Dr. David Persse, Physician Di-rector, Emergency Medical Services, Houston Public Health Authority; and Julie Graves, (Confirmed) MD, MPH, PhD, Regional Medical Director, Health Service Region 6/5S, Texas Department of State Health Services. The collective wisdom of these experts re-vealed that we should not let the fear of the Zika Virus control public policy; but that we should get in front of the problem, then we can control the Zika Virus from its source— mosquitoes. The fight against the Zika Virus will be neighborhood by neighborhood and will rely upon the resources and expertise of local gov-ernment working closely with State govern-ments with the support of federal government agencies. The consensus of the experts is that the ex-istence of the Zika Virus are through: health community communication with the public; cor-rect vector control; surveillance; planning; keep yards clean, road ways, and lots free of any breeding environments for mosquitoes; and community engagement in the work that must be done is essential. Poverty and the conditions that may exist in poor communities can be of greatest risk for the Zika Virus breeding habitats for vector mosquitoes. Illegal dumping of tires; open ditches, torn screens, or no screens during the long hot days of summer will make for a perfect storm for the spread of the virus. Mr. Speaker, I will remind my colleagues that eighty percent of those infected will not know they have the Zika Virus. An uninfected mosquito biting this person can spread the virus when it bites other peo-ple. The rate of spread of the disease by the Aedes Aegypti is problematic because the mosquito will bite many people to collect enough blood to lay eggs. The Aedes Aegypti has evolved to rely ex-clusively on human blood, which means it adapted to fly low—close to the ground; seeks any opportunity to enter homes; can breed in as little as a cap of dirty water; is known to breed in fish aquariums; plant water catch dishes; or tires. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12MY8.018 E12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE693 May 12, 2016 
Blood is essential for breeding of the vector mosquitoes for the Zika Virus and the Aedes Aegypti is seeking an opportunity that keeps it near people. Mr. Speaker, there is no need to be alarmed, but we should be preparing to do what we can to prevent and mitigate the Zika Virus in communities around the nation. We know that 33 states have one or both of the vector mosquitoes. It is anticipated that the Americas including the United States can expect 4 million Zika Virus cases in the next four months and to date there are over a million cases in Brazil. The most serious outcome of the Zika Virus exposure is birth defects that can occur during pregnancy if the mother is exposed to the Zika Virus. The virus is believed to invade the central nervous system of the developing baby and inhibit brain development, which can result in: still births; microcephaly; the rate for the Zika Virus exposure far exceeds that number. Microcephaly is brain underdevelopment ei-ther at birth or the brain failing to develop properly after birth, which can cause: difficulty walking; difficulty hearing; and difficulty with speech. There are no tests to detect the virus and there is no vaccine or cure. If we do not act—the public reaction to Ebola will seem tame compared to how the public might react to the arrival of mosquitoes transmitting the Zika Virus. I call on my colleagues to pass the Presi-dent’s request for the $1.9 billion in emer-gency supplemental appropriations. If you are not sure whether the Zika Virus is a potential problem in your districts, I chal-lenge you to hold a meeting like the one I held in Houston on March 10, to become informed. RECOGNIZING THE MEMBERS OF THE D.C. CONGRESSIONAL ART COMPETITION COMMITTEE 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 12, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing not only our outstanding high school artists in the District of Columbia who participated in this year’s Congressional Art Competition, but also the D.C. Congressional Art Competition Committee which made this year’s competition a success. Since its inception in 1982, the Congres-sional Art Competition has encouraged the ar-tistic talents of high school students from across the country. This year my office re-ceived 135 pieces of artwork from students in grades 8 through 12 from 24 public, charter, and private schools in the District, the largest number of D.C. schools, that have ever partici-pated in this annual art competition. But the untold story of the Congressional Art Competition is of the volunteers whose time and expertise are responsible for executing the entire competition. Here in the District of Columbia, this year’s competition would not have been possible without the dedicated work of our D.C. Congressional Art Competi-tion Committee: 
THOMAS ATKINS , OWNER , TERA GALLERY  
Mr. Atkins, a former staff member whose many duties included the annual art competi-tion, generously continues to serve as an advi-sor who assists wherever he is needed. 
WILLIAM BROWER , OWNER , JBV PRODUCTION  
Mr. Brower provided the valuable services of setting up the venue for the reception, as well as clean up at the end of the evening. 
YAIDA FORD , ATTORNEY AT LAW , FORD LAW FIRM  
Ms. Ford did a tremendous amount of out-reach to secure art supply donations and prizes for all of our student participants, in-cluding an iPad for the second place winner. She also dedicated her own time to volunteer for day-of operations at the D.C. Congres-sional Art Competition Reception. TIFFANI GOMEZ , SALES ASSOCIATE , BLICK ART SUPPLIES  
Ms. Gomez is one of the most passionate members of the committee. She helped se-cure art portfolios for student artwork, and helped with day-of operations at the reception. 
ERIC KOKUMA , DIRECTOR OF MEMBER SERVICES , MILI-
TARY OPERATIONS RESEARCH SOCIETY ; JENNIFER  
LITTRELL , PROGRAM LEAD , CHILDREN ’S NATIONAL  
HEALTH SYSTEM  
Mr. Kokuma and Ms. Littrell were in charge of entertainment for the reception, and re-cruited Ward 1 ANC Commissioner Frank Agbro to perform with his family jazz band. 
DONNELL LEWIS , PRESIDENT , ONE CREATIVE SOURCE  
Mr. Lewis is the generous and enormously capable longtime chairman of the committee. 
CAMILO MANJARRES , CONGRESSIONAL FELLOW , 
CONGRESSWOMAN ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON  
Mr. Manjarres has worked diligently to facili-tate committee meetings and logistics for our annual art competition, and expanded the competition’s community outreach to increase participation. 
PATRICIA MITCHEL , SYSTEMS ANALYST , AMTRAK  
Ms. Mitchel has been a very active member of the committee. She has worked tirelessly to secure food and drink donations for our recep-tion, including cupcakes from Georgetown Cupcakes and food from &pizza. 
ZOMA WALLACE , CURATOR AND ART BANK COORDI -
NATOR , D.C. COMMISSION ON ARTS AND HUMANITIES  
Ms. Wallace took on the responsibility for the day-of logistics, and essentially curated the competition to make sure that all of the student art was strategically placed and easy for participants to review. She also served as a juror, and helped select this year’s winners. I ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing each member of the D.C. Congressional Art Competition Committee for their indispensable work in this year’s competi-tion, and I take this opportunity to again thank the student artists for submitting such wonder-ful work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12MY8.028 E12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D495 Thursday, May 12, 2016 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.R. 2028, Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, as amended. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2715–S2795 Measures Introduced: Eight bills and five resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2923–2930, S. Res. 461–464, and S. Con. Res. 37.
        Pages S2748–49 
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘Revised Allocation to Subcommittees of Budget Totals For Fiscal Year 2017’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–253) S. 2348, to implement the use of Rapid DNA in-struments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and pre-vent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, with amendments. S. 2577, to protect crime victims’ rights, to elimi-nate the substantial backlog of DNA and other fo-rensic evidence samples to improve and expand the forensic science testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to increase research and de-velopment of new testing technologies, to develop new training programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide post-conviction testing of DNA evidence to exonerate the innocent, to support accreditation efforts of forensic science laboratories and medical examiner offices, to address training and equipment needs, to improve the per-formance of counsel in State capital cases, with amendments. S. 2840, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter train-ing.
                                                                                    Page S2748 
Measures Passed: Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act: By 90 yeas to 8 nays (Vote No. 71), Senate passed H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, after taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:                   Pages S2721–31 
Adopted: Alexander (for Flake/McCain) Amendment No. 3876 (to Amendment No. 3801), to require that certain funds are used for the review and revision of certain operational documents.
            Pages S2721, S2730 
Alexander/Feinstein Amendment No. 3801, in the nature of a substitute.
                        Pages S2721, S2730–31 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that the motion to invoke cloture on the bill, be withdrawn.
                                                             Page S2726 
A unanimous-consent request was granted permit-ting Senator Donnelly to change his yea vote to a nay vote on Vote No. 70 (rejected on May 11, 2016), changing the outcome of the vote to 51 yeas to 48 nays relative to Alexander (for Fischer) Amendment No. 3888 (to Amendment No. 3801). (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.)
       Page S2722 
Condemning the Terrorist Attacks in Brussels: Senate agreed to S. Res. 442, condemning the ter-rorist attacks in Brussels and honoring the memory of the United States citizens murdered in those at-tacks, and offering thoughts and prayers for all the victims, condolences to their families, resolve to sup-port the Belgian people, and the pledge to defend democracy and stand in solidarity with the country of Belgium and all our allies in the face of con-tinuing terrorist attacks on freedom and liberty. 
                                                                                            Page S2794 
195th Anniversary of the Independence of Greece: Senate agreed to S. Res. 394, recognizing the 195th anniversary of the independence of Greece and celebrating democracy in Greece and the United States.
                                                                              Page S2794 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MY6.REC D12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD496 May 12, 2016 
Honoring the Memory of Omaha Police Officer Kerrie Orozco: Senate agreed to S. Res. 463, hon-oring the memory and service of Omaha Police Offi-cer Kerrie Orozco.
                                                     Page S2794 
75th Anniversary of the Alaska State Troopers: Senate agreed to S. Res. 464, commemorating the 75th anniversary of the Alaska State Troopers. 
                                                                                            Page S2795 
Measures Considered: Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S2732–37 
Withdrawn: Collins/Reed Amendment No. 2812, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                            Page S2733 
Collins/Reed Amendment No. 2813 (to Amend-ment No. 2812), to make a technical amendment. 
                                                                                            Page S2733 
Pending: Collins Amendment No. 3896, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                                      Page S2733 
McConnell (for Lee) Amendment No. 3897 (to Amendment No. 3896), to prohibit the use of funds to carry out a rule and notice of the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
                   Page S2733 
McConnell (for Nelson/Rubio) Amendment No. 3898 (to Amendment No. 3896), making supple-mental appropriations for fiscal year 2016 to respond to Zika virus.
                                                               Page S2733 
McConnell (for Cornyn/Johnson) Amendment No. 3899 (to Amendment No. 3896), making emergency supplemental appropriations for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016.
                                       Page S2733 
McConnell (for Blunt) Amendment No. 3900 (to Amendment No. 3896), Zika response and prepared-ness.
                                                                                  Page S2733 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell (for Nelson/Rubio) Amendment No. 3898 (to Amendment No. 3896) (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Tuesday, May 17, 2016.
           Page S2733 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell (for Cornyn/Johnson) Amendment No. 3899 (to Amendment No. 3896) (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of McConnell (for Nel-son/Rubio) Amendment No. 3898 (to Amendment No. 3896).                                                                    Page S2733 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell (for Blunt) Amendment No. 3900 (to Amendment No. 3896), and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of McConnell (for Cornyn/Johnson) Amendment No. 3899 (to Amendment No. 3896).
                     Page S2733 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that Collins Amendment No. 3896 (listed above) contain the text of S. 2844, making appro-priations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and S. 2806, making appropriations for military con-struction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, as reported by the Appropriations Com-mittee, with a technical citation correction in section 237 of S. 2844; that Collins Amendment No. 3896, be considered an Appropriations Committee amend-ment for the purpose of rule XVI, and that H.R. 2577 serve as the basis for defense of germaneness under rule XVI for the division of the substitute that contains S. 2844, and that H.R. 4974, making appropriations for military construction, the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, as reported by the House Appropriations Committee, serve as the basis for defense of germaneness under rule XVI for the division of the substitute that contains S. 2806; and that floor amendments be drafted to one of the two divisions and use the corresponding House text for defense of germaneness and that rule XVI discipline apply during consideration of this measure.
                                                                          Page S2726 
House Messages: Federal Water Pollution Control Act: Senate con-curred in the House of Representatives amendment to S. 1523, to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to reauthorize the National Estuary Pro-gram.
                                                                                Page S2794 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012, with respect to Yemen; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–47)
                                                        Page S2747 
Xinis Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that at 4:30 p.m., on Monday, May 16, 2016, Senate begin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MY6.REC D12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D497 May 12, 2016 
consideration of the nomination of Paula Xinis, of Maryland, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland, as under the previous order of Wednesday, May 11, 2016.
                                 Page S2795 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S2747–48 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2748 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2749–50 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2750–53 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2744–47 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2753–94 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2794 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S2794 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—71)
                                                           Pages S2730–31 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 6:05 p.m., until 2 p.m. on Monday, May 16, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2795.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
AUTHORIZATION: DEFENSE Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported an original bill entitled, ‘‘National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’. NOMINATION Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Susan Faye Beard, of Maryland, to be Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Energy, after the nominee testified and answered questions in her own behalf. AMERICA’S ROLE IN THE WORLD Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine America’s role in the world, after receiving testimony from James A. Baker, III, former Secretary of State, Houston, Texas; and Thomas E. Donilon, former National Security Advi-sor, Council on Foreign Relations, Washington, D.C. DUE PROCESS IN ADMINISTRATIVE HEARINGS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-eral Management concluded a hearing to examine due process in administrative hearings, after receiv-ing testimony from Theresa Gruber, Deputy Com-missioner for Disability Adjudication and Review, Social Security Administration; Joseph Kennedy, As-sociate Director, Human Resources Solutions, Office of Personnel Management; and Marilyn Zahm, Asso-ciation of Administrative Law Judges, Buffalo, New York. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S. 2348, to implement the use of Rapid DNA in-struments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and pre-vent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, with amendments; S. 2577, to protect crime victims’ rights, to elimi-nate the substantial backlog of DNA and other fo-rensic evidence samples to improve and expand the forensic science testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to increase research and de-velopment of new testing technologies, to develop new training programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide post-conviction testing of DNA evidence to exonerate the innocent, to support accreditation efforts of forensic science laboratories and medical examiner offices, to address training and equipment needs, to improve the per-formance of counsel in State capital cases, with amendments; and S. 2840, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter train-ing. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported S. 2921, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of em-ployees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to improve health care and benefits for veterans. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MY6.REC D12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD498 May 12, 2016 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 20 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5203–5222; and 3 resolutions, H. Res. 726–728 were introduced.
                 Pages H2340–42 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2342–43 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H. Res. 725, providing for consideration of the bill (S. 524) to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use (H. Rept. 114–564); and Supplemental Report on H.R. 4909, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military ac-tivities of the Department of Defense and for mili-tary construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–537, Part 2).
                               Page H2340 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Webster (FL) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H2285 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:02 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H2291 
Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act of 2016: The House passed H.R. 5046, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the Attorney General to make grants to assist State and local governments in ad-dressing the national epidemic of opioid abuse, by a yea-and-nay vote of 413 yeas to 5 nays, Roll No. 187.
                                                                    Pages H2296–H2317 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–52 shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule.
                                                        Page H2303 
Agreed to: Donovan amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–551) that amends the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act to include substance abuse treatment programs that provide alternatives to incarceration for pregnant women as eligible for family-based substance abuse treatment grants; 
                                                                                    Pages H2304–05 
Danny K. Davis (IL) amendment (No. 2 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–551) that clarifies that grants addressing treatment alternatives to incarcer-ation may include a focus on parents whose incarcer-ation could result in their children entering foster care;
                                                                                  Page H2305 DelBene amendment (No. 3 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–551) that clarifies that treatment al-ternative to incarceration programs may include community-based substance use diversion programs sponsored by a law enforcement agency; 
                                                                                    Pages H2306–07 
DeSaulnier amendment (No. 4 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–551) that clarifies that grants under this act can be used for multi-state interoperable prescription drug monitoring programs; 
                                                                                    Pages H2307–08 
Bishop (MI) amendment (No. 5 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–551) that adds an ‘‘allowable use’’ within the grant program established under the bill to develop, implement, or expand the use of pro-grams that utilize secure containers for prescription drugs;
                                                                       Pages H2308–09 
Guinta amendment (No. 6 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–551) that adds treatment and recovery to the list of allowable uses in H.R. 5046; 
                                                                                    Pages H2309–10 
Rothfus amendment (No. 7 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–551) that expands the list of eligible grant uses for the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program to include efforts to develop, imple-ment, or expand a program to prevent and address opioid abuse by veterans;
                              Pages H2310–11 
Keating amendment (No. 8 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–551) that adds drug take-back pro-grams to the list of authorized uses for amounts made available under Section 3021(a) of the Com-prehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program; 
                                                                                    Pages H2311–12 
Israel amendment (No. 10 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–551) that directs the Attorney General, when awarding grants, to also consider community need based on prevalence of opioid abuse and related deaths; and
                                                            Pages H2313–14 
Clark (MA) amendment (No. 11 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–551) that directs the GAO to study and report on Department of Justice programs and research relative to substance use and substance use disorders among adolescents and young adults. 
                                                                                    Pages H2314–15 
Rejected: Lynch amendment (No. 9 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–551) that sought to provide that grant funding can be used to develop, implement or ex-pand a program to ensure the security of opioids in medical facilities (by a recorded vote of 190 ayes to 225 noes, Roll No. 186).
           Pages H2312–13, H2315–16 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MY6.REC D12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D499 May 12, 2016 
H. Res. 720, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 4641) and (H.R. 5046) was agreed to yesterday, May 11th. National Council on Disability—Appointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she appointed the following indi-vidual to the National Council on Disability: Mr. James T. Brett of Massachusetts.
                      Page H2315 
Recess: The House recessed at 3:01 p.m. and recon-vened at 3:40 p.m.
                                                   Page H2315 
Suspensions—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures which were debated on Wednesday, May 11th: Veteran Emergency Medical Technician Support Act: H.R. 1818, amended, to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to States to streamline State requirements and procedures for vet-erans with military emergency medical training to become civilian emergency medical technicians, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 415 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 188; and
                                                                         Page H2317 
Lali’s Law: H.R. 4586, amended, to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants to States for developing standing orders and educating health care professionals regarding the dispensing of opioid overdose reversal medication without person- specific prescriptions, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 415 yeas to 4 nays, Roll No. 189.
           Pages H2317–18 
Supplemental Report: Agreed by unanimous con-sent that the Committee on Armed Services be au-thorized to file a supplemental report on H.R. 4909, National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017.
                                                                               Page H2318 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13611 with respect to Yemen is to continue in effect be-yond May 16, 2016—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–134).
                                                                      Page H2296 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H2315. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H2315–16, H2316–17, H2317 and H2318. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:54 p.m. Committee Meetings 
THE PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE OF SNAP: THE RETAILER PERSPECTIVE Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: The Retailer Perspective’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy and Power concluded a markup on H.R. 4775, the ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 4979, the ‘‘Advanced Nuclear Technology Development Act of 2016’’. H.R. 4775 and H.R. 4979 were forwarded to the full com-mittee, without amendment. THE FUTURE OF HOUSING IN AMERICA: A COMPARISON OF THE UNITED KINGDOM AND UNITED STATES MODELS FOR AFFORDABLE HOUSING Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: A Comparison of the United Kingdom and United States Models for Af-fordable Housing’’. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. TERRORISM, MISSILES AND CORRUPTION: THE RISKS OF ECONOMIC ENGAGEMENT WITH IRAN Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Terrorism, Missiles and Corrup-tion: The Risks of Economic Engagement with Iran’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. FOLLOWING THE MONEY: EXAMINING CURRENT TERRORIST FINANCING TRENDS AND THE THREAT TO THE HOMELAND Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Following the Money: Examining Current Terrorist Financing Trends and the Threat to the Homeland’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. EXECUTIVE OVERREACH IN FOREIGN AFFAIRS Committee on the Judiciary: Task Force on Executive Overreach held a hearing entitled ‘‘Executive Over-reach in Foreign Affairs’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MY6.REC D12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD500 May 12, 2016 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing on H.R. 3565, the ‘‘Cali-fornia Coastal National Monument Expansion Act’’; H.R. 3839, the ‘‘Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Expansion Act’’; H.R. 4233, to eliminate an unused lighthouse reservation, provide manage-ment consistency by incorporating the rocks and small islands along the coast of Orange County, California, into the California Coastal National Monument managed by the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, and meet the original Congressional intent of preserving Orange County’s rocks and small islands, and for other purposes; and H.R. 5132, to adjust the eastern boundary of the Whychus-Deschutes Wilder-ness Study Area in the State of Oregon to facilitate fire prevention and response activities to protect ad-jacent private property, and for other purposes. Tes-timony was heard from Representatives Capps; Rohr-abacher; and Noem; Abbie Jossie, Acting Assistant Director, National Landscape Conservation System and Community Partnerships, Bureau of Land Man-agement; and a public witness. LOCAL AND STATE PERSPECTIVES ON BLM’S DRAFT PLANNING 2.0 RULE Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Local and State Perspectives on BLM’s Draft Plan-ning 2.0 Rule’’. Testimony was heard from Jim French, Commissioner, Humboldt County, Nevada; and public witnesses. EXAMINING MANAGEMENT PRACTICES AND MISCONDUCT AT TSA: PART II Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Man-agement Practices and Misconduct at TSA: Part II’’. Testimony was heard from Peter Neffenger, Admin-istrator, Transportation Security Administration; and John Roth, Inspector General, Department of Home-land Security. D.C. HOME RULE: EXAMINING THE INTENT OF CONGRESS IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HOME RULE ACT OF 1973 Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘D.C. Home Rule: Examining the In-tent of Congress in the District of Columbia Home Rule Act of 1973’’. Testimony was heard from Edda Emmanuelli Perez, Managing Associate General Counsel, Office of General Counsel, Government Ac-countability Office; Philip H. Mendelson, Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia; and public wit-nesses. COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2016 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on S. 524, the ‘‘Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a closed rule for S. 524. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the chairs and ranking minority members of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the respective texts of the bills specified in the resolution shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to commit with or without in-structions. Additionally, the rule directs the Clerk to, in forming the amendment in the nature of a substitute, assign appropriate designations, conform cross-references and provisions for short titles, and authorizes the Clerk to make technical and con-forming changes. The rule provides that upon pas-sage of S. 524, the title of such bill is amended as specified in the resolution. Finally, the rule provides that if S. 524 is passed, then it shall be in order for the chair of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce or his designee to move that the House insist on its amendments to S. 524 and request a con-ference with the Senate thereon. FDIC DATA BREACHES: CAN AMERICANS TRUST THAT THEIR PRIVATE BANKING INFORMATION IS SECURE? Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Oversight held a hearing entitled ‘‘FDIC Data Breaches: Can Americans Trust that Their Private Banking Information Is Secure?’’. Tes-timony was heard from Lawrence Gross, Jr., Chief Information Officer and Chief Privacy Officer, Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Corporation; and Fred W. Gibson, Acting Inspector General, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. THE NEW FACES OF AMERICAN MANUFACTURING Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The New Faces of American Manu-facturing’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MY6.REC D12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D501 May 12, 2016 
CONTROLLING THE RISING COST OF FEDERAL RESPONSES TO DISASTER Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Economic Development, Public Build-ings, and Emergency Management held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Controlling the Rising Cost of Federal Re-sponses to Disaster’’. Testimony was heard from Representative Curbelo of Florida; Joseph L. Nimmich, Deputy Administrator, Federal Emer-gency Management Agency; and public witnesses. COMBATING THE CRISIS: EVALUATING EFFORTS TO PREVENT VETERAN SUICIDE Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Combating the Crisis: Evaluating Efforts to Prevent Veteran Suicide’’. Testimony was heard from Maureen McCarthy, M.D., Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Patient Care Services, Veterans Health Administration, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. MEMBER PROPOSALS FOR IMPROVEMENTS TO THE U.S. TAX SYSTEM Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Tax Policy held a hearing on Member proposals for im-provements to the U.S. tax system. Testimony was heard from Representatives Danny K. Davis of Illi-nois, Jenkins of Kansas, Sam Johnson of Texas, Ros-kam, Becerra, Buchanan, Rice of South Carolina, Rouzer, Dold, Eshoo, Meehan, Poe of Texas, Buck, Cartwright, Harris, Bishop of Utah, Rodney Davis of Illinois, Ellison, Peters, Rohrabacher, Brat, DeFazio, DesJarlais, Fleming, Hultgren, Barr, Cramer, Salm-on, Scalise, Sewell of Alabama, Coffman, Emmer of Minnesota, Schakowsky, and Paulsen. BUSINESS MEETING Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-mittee held a business meeting to consider access re-quests. Three access request votes were taken and all three passed as well as a vote on the release of a Committee document to the NSA. This meeting was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D480) 
S. 1890, to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets. Signed on May 11, 2016. (Public Law 114–153) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, MAY 13, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Concus-sions in Youth Sports: Evaluating Prevention and Re-search’’, 9:30 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Government Operations; and Sub-committee on National Security, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Incorporating Social Media into Federal Background In-vestigations’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MY6.REC D12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD502 May 12, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2 p.m., Monday, May 16 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 4:30 p.m.), Sen-ate will begin consideration of the nomination of Paula Xinis, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, May 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Consideration of the House Amendment to S. 524—Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extension of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Brady, Robert A., Pa., E690 Carter, John R., Tex., E686 Collins, Doug, Ga., E684 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E686 Costa, Jim, Calif., E689 Crawford, Eric A. ‘‘Rick‘‘, Ark., E690 Curbelo, Carlos, Fla., E686 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E686 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E683, E685, E689, E691 Duckworth, Tammy, Ill., E687 Ellmers, Renee L., N.C., E685, E690 Granger, Kay, Tex., E690 Huelskamp, Tim, Kans., E690 Hurt, Robert, Va., E684 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E692 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E683 Lynch, Stephen F., Mass., E688 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E683 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E693 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E686 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E683, E684, E685, E685, E686, E688, E689, E690, E691, E692 Perry, Scott, Pa., E690 Peterson, Collin C., Minn., E689 Rooney, Thomas J., Fla., E687 Shimkus, John, Ill., E683, E687 Smith, Adam, Wash., E685, E691 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E684, E688, E691 Valadao, David G., Calif., E684 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E688, E692 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 May 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D12MY6.REC D12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST