Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6251 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 2016 No. 148 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, November 14, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
Senate 
THURSDAY , SEPTEMBER 29, 2016 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, You sustain us with Your unfailing love, for Your faithful-ness reaches beyond the clouds. Use our Senators to accomplish Your pur-poses in our Nation and world. May they tackle the complex challenges of our times with the confidence that Your providence will prevail. Train them in the school of humility so that they will walk safely without stum-bling. May they remember that humil-ity precedes honor. Lord, bless and protect America, making it a land that provides free-dom’s lamp to our world. Incline each citizen to hear Your words of truth and to apply his or her heart to knowledge. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
AR-
RASSO ). The Democratic leader is rec-ognized. THE REPUBLICAN CONGRESS Mr. REID. Mr. President, in this Re-publican Congress—especially as we head out for yet another unearned re-cess—I feel compelled to comment on how Republicans have treated the President of the United States during the last 8 years. History will look back and note that the Republicans in Congress treated President Obama with unprecedented disrespect. No one expected them to agree with everything that he did or tried to do, but Americans deserve bet-ter than the way Republicans behaved toward President Obama. A day or two after President Obama was elected the first time, Republicans met here in Washington—all the Re-publican big names—and they came to two conclusions. No. 1, Obama would not be reelected. They failed on that one quite miserably. But No. 2, they would oppose everything that Presi-dent Obama tried to do, and they have stuck by that without any question. America would be better off with a responsible opposition party that found a way to make its differences with President Obama clear without treat-ing him with such contempt. But, sadly, that is not what they saw from Republicans over the past 8 years. President Obama is the first Presi-dent to be denied a hearing on his budget. He is the first President to be denied a hearing on a Supreme Court nominee. President Obama is the first President to be asked to show his birth certificate. President Obama is the first President who has faced over 500 filibusters here in the Senate. In this Republican Senate, President Obama will see fewer nominations confirmed than any President in many, many dec-ades. Republicans have not done their basic work of government, and they have not stood by their commitments to restore regular order or to pass a budget. Republicans have spent their time doing everything in their power to dis-credit President Obama and empower Donald Trump. That is not a legacy that any Senator should be proud of. I listened to public radio this morn-ing, and the Arizona Republic, from the big city of Phoenix, right next to Ne-vada, for the first time in its history of more than 120 years—for the first time in its history—endorsed a Democratic Presidential nominee. It had never been done before. It is a Republican newspaper. I listened to the editor of the newspaper on the radio this morn-ing saying they couldn’t. Why? Because of Donald Trump. The legacy of Donald Trump should not be anything the Republicans are proud of. The only thing Republicans have done this year was to prove that they are the party of Trump. They are the party of Trump. They say they are not the party of Trump, but they are. They would have us believe that Trump just fell out of the sky and somehow mysteriously became the nominee of the party, but that is not the way it is. Everything he has said, stood for, done in this bizarre campaign he has run has come, filtered up, from what has gone on here in the Republican Senate—disagreeing with everything— anything—President Obama wanted. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.000 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6252 September 29, 2016 
They filibustered things they agreed with just to slow things down. Trump is no anomaly. He is the mon-ster the Republicans built. He is their Frankenstein monster. They own him. All we have to do to see that the Re-publicans are the party of Trump is to look at the way they have treated President Obama. He is a good man, a good family man. He has a great edu-cation. He is a good communicator. He has written two best-selling books. Ev-eryone knows he can communicate orally. He deserved better than the un-precedented disrespect the Republicans have shown toward him. America, which twice elected Barack Obama to be its President, deserves better—much, much better. It is a shame what has not been done, and it is a shame what has been done. Mr. President, I note that my friend the Republican leader is not here. I will suggest the absence of a quorum, and the Chair can announce the business of the day following his appearance here. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—H.R. 954 Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I under-stand there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 954) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt from the indi-vidual mandate certain individuals who had coverage under a terminated qualified health plan funded through the Consumer Operated and Oriented Plan (CO-OP) program. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The bill will be placed on the cal-endar. TRIBUTE TO DALLAS POLICE CHIEF DAVID BROWN Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I want to start today by offering a word of gratitude to retiring Dallas police chief David Brown, who will retire from his long career of public service this Tues-day. Chief Brown became the face of a ter-rible tragedy that occurred in Texas a few weeks ago when five police officers were gunned down in cold blood. Frankly, I had many colleagues and other people whom I have run into ask me about him because he made such a positive impression with his calmness under difficult circumstances and his leadership qualities. The incident occurred last July when 12 law enforcement officers were shot, and 5 were killed. I remember attend-ing the memorial service with Presi-dent Obama and the First Lady, as well as President George W. Bush and Laura Bush, and the chief spoke then along with Mayor Rawlings. I can’t tell you how grateful I am that, at a time when people think Washington has lost its way, we still have strong, articulate, compassionate leaders like Chief Brown and Mayor Rawlings. Chief Brown is retiring after 33 years of service to the Dallas police force. As a result of the attention he got from all of the publicity surrounding this terrible tragedy in July, the chief be-came a little bit of a folk hero, I guess, and people began to listen to what he had to say about a lot of different things. One of the things he would like to say is ‘‘Dallas loves.’’ He made that a bit of a rallying cry following the at-tack. His actions in the aftermath of that tragedy certainly demonstrated his belief in that statement. Of course, while many Americans know Chief Brown from his leadership during the shooting in July, Dallasites have benefited from his service for a long time. He grew up in Oak Cliff in southwest Dallas and has been on the Dallas police force for the last 33 years. I know the people of Dallas will miss his leadership and hearing him sing a little Stevie Wonder from time to time. I want to express my gratitude and thanks to Chief Brown and wish him well in the next chapter of his life. f 
CONTINUING RESOLUTION AND SENATE ACCOMPLISHMENTS Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, yester-day we finally were able to move legis-lation forward that would keep the lights on here in Washington, at least until December, and provided very im-portant relief that I want to empha-size. There is flood relief for States like Texas, but not just Texas—Maryland, West Virginia, Louisiana, and Iowa, all of which will benefit from the flood re-lief that is provided for in this con-tinuing resolution that was passed yes-terday and was passed by the House as well. More importantly, perhaps, is the support for veterans programs and military construction. It is important that we pass legislation to meet our re-sponsibilities to support our men and women in uniform wherever they may be serving, whether here at home or abroad. Thanks to the leadership of the Sen-ator from Ohio and the Senator from New Hampshire, we passed legislation that will provide additional funds to deal with the opioid epidemic that is ravaging many parts of our country. As a medical doctor, the Presiding Officer knows that people unfortunately get hooked on opioid prescription drugs. Frequently, when that runs out, they often opt for cheaper, more plentiful heroin, which, when mixed with other ingredients such as fentanyl, makes it even more deadly and more likely that they will overdose with the use of this heroin laced with fentanyl. We have provided additional funds in this con-tinuing resolution to deal with that. Finally, but very significantly, we also were able to break the impasse over funding for Zika. As we have come to learn, Zika is a mosquito-borne virus that has the potential of causing terrible birth defects in children. We have seen pictures of children with shrunken skulls from the microcephaly caused by this terrible mosquito-borne virus. We had been trying since last May to get that Zika funding done. For some reason, even though the amount of the funding, $1.1 billion, was agreed upon, our Democratic colleagues wouldn’t take yes for an answer. Finally, yester-day, they decided to give up their fili-buster and allow this legislation and this important funding to be done. My point is that we could have done this a long time ago. In fact, we wouldn’t have had to pass the continuing resolu-tion taking us over to December—just 10 weeks from now, when we will have to start all over again—if it weren’t for the obstructionism and filibustering of our Democratic colleagues. Of course, the cause of this is a fight over Federal spending. We know there are caps on discretionary spending, and many of our Members, myself included, have become very concerned in this very dangerous world we live in that we have shortchanged our military and our national security support. So in order to get additional spending for our troops abroad and at home and to make sure that we are prepared for the next threat to our country, we in-creased spending for the Department of Defense, but the costs of doing that were increases in nondefense discre-tionary spending. Thus we get back into the same old fight, which unfortu-nately has left us $19 trillion in debt, where spending is simply out of con-trol. That is the reason we ended up in this posture. It is highly regrettable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.003 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6253 September 29, 2016 
Nobody would have chosen this—cer-tainly I wouldn’t have—as a first op-tion. Now we are going to be con-fronted with the responsibility in De-cember of passing appropriations bills that will take us through the next year, through the end of the fiscal year. So we have this resolution taken care of. It is behind us now, and that looms large ahead of us. I want to mention some of the good work being done in Texas by folks like the Harris County Mosquito & Vector Control unit. A few weeks ago, I had a chance to go on the rounds with them and set some of the traps for various mosquitoes. Actually, I got this idea from listen-ing to Mike Rowe, who has this ‘‘Dirty Jobs’’ series, and I noticed one of them happened to be mosquito control. It oc-curred to me that maybe there was something for me to learn about how local leaders like those in Harris Coun-ty identify these mosquitoes that bear this Zika virus and how they deal with it. I got a firsthand look at how much work it takes for our local public health officials to protect our commu-nities from mosquito-borne viruses. It is not just about Zika. It is also about the West Nile virus, which unfor-tunately has taken the lives of some Texans in the past, as well as other dis-eases such as dengue fever. The Pre-siding Officer knows all of them. Our folks at the local level do have their work cut out for them. They trap these mosquitoes every day to test them for the virus, and they spend a lot of time educating the public about how to better protect themselves. I walked around with them, and they pointed out places where water has been pooled in old tires or in swimming pools in the backyard or perhaps bird-baths or other places where mosqui-toes, if they are given an opportunity, will simply breed. This is one way, by being better edu-cated, that people can help protect themselves from these mosquito-borne viruses by eliminating the breeding ground for these mosquitoes. If you are a woman of childbearing age, being able to dress appropriately, spray your-self with mosquito repellant, and oth-erwise help yourself while we are wait-ing for the Federal Government to live up to its responsibility to provide the funds, which now we have finally done, would help. It became clear to me in our visits to Houston that our local officials need more help. More specifically, what they need is the research that will lead to a vaccine. We went through this ex-perience in another context with the Ebola virus not that long ago. It is im-portant that our scientists and re-searchers develop a vaccine to particu-larly protect women of childbearing age from the consequences of the Zika virus. We need a whole government re-sponse. We finally got one yesterday, one that deploys local, State, and Fed-eral authorities. The funding bill we passed yesterday outlines a way forward for the Federal Government to do its part that will provide funding for communities in Texas and throughout the country. They are already working diligently to safeguard folks against the virus. As I mentioned, it will go a long way in helping local and State officials with prevention efforts and even working to create a vaccine. I am pleased we fi-nally were able to get that done and overcome the impasse created by objec-tions, obstructions, and filibusters of our friends across the aisle. Beyond getting this funding for the Zika research and prevention done, I wish to identify a few other things that we have been able to accomplish. As I came to the floor and said a couple of days ago, the senior Senator from Mon-tana, who happens to head up the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Com-mittee, was caught basically telling the truth when he said that one of the things they are depending on is a nar-rative to help Democrats in the selec-tion, this false narrative that under the Republican majority, under Repub-lican leadership, we simply hadn’t been getting many things done. We have been doing a lot to take care of the Nation’s business during the events of the last 2 days, including the Water Resources Development Act that passed with 95 votes, which includes additional funding for Flint, MI, and their lead pipe water challenges. I mentioned the opioid crisis and her-oin crisis. Recently, we passed a bill called the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act by more than 90 votes. As I mentioned, the junior Sen-ators from Ohio and New Hampshire have provided such great leadership in that area. We also passed other reforms for chemical safety, the so-called TSCA bill, which provides companies with regulatory certainty so they can con-tinue to create products Americans use every day. This bill proves we can re-sponsibly protect the environment at the same time we are growing our economy. This legislation passed the Senate by a voice vote and received more than 400 votes in the House. We also passed legislation to impose stronger sanctions on North Korea in February. It sailed through this Cham-ber with one ‘‘no’’ vote. Of course, we also took care of in-tractable problems that we had trouble getting any traction on for a long time, major reform bills such as the Energy Policy Modernization Act to help bring our Nation’s energy infrastructure up- to-date, as well as to expedite the per-mitting of liquefied natural gas ex-ports, which the Presiding Officer has worked on a lot. I was just at Sabine Pass. Cheniere has a huge export facil-ity for natural gas. Golden Pass and others are in the process of trying to get their permits, but they have been waiting a long time. This legislation will provide a shot clock, which will hopefully expedite that process. The energy we have been able to produce in this country is a great natural resource for the United States and a great eco-nomic engine. To make it available to our friends and allies around the world is very important. The Energy Policy Modernization Act as well as lifting the ban on crude oil, which we did last December, have been very important steps. I was discussing with the senior Sen-ator from Tennessee, Mr. A
LEXANDER , chairman of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, the important work we did reforming the bill known as No Child Left Behind with the Every Student Succeeds Act. This legislation was very important be-cause many people had the impression that Washington had simply taken con-trol of our K–12 education system. Under his skillful leadership, working with Senator M
URRAY in the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee, they were able to write a piece of legislation that passed with over-whelming bipartisan margins that would devolve the control of K–12 edu-cation back to the States, local school districts, parents, and teachers. It lit-erally removed the common core man-date that so many people had chafed under. We also finally have passed a Medi-care payment reform system that had long plagued our medical community. I know many physicians in Texas told me they simply would not be able to take any more Medicare patients— which of course are our senior citi-zens—because the Federal Government kept cutting their payment rate and the uncertainty created by that. We fi-nally fixed that on a bipartisan basis. Under the new majority in this Con-gress, we also saw President Obama sign other important laws, such as the Freedom of Information Improvement Act, a bill that will make our govern-ment more transparent and more ac-countable to the people we serve. By an overwhelming 99-to-1 vote, we passed the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, a bill that will help victims of human trafficking recover. We will support law enforcement in their fight against active shooters by passing and signing into law the PO-LICE Act, legislation that allows exist-ing grant programs to be used for po-lice training to deal with active shoot-er situations. I have traveled all around Texas with local police depart-ments in both urban and rural areas, and they find this training very useful and timely. Unfortunately, it is necessary, in times such as these where we have had to learn from hard experience—if an ac-tive shooter is loose, they will continue to kill and people will continue to die unless the police can crash that site, stop the shooter, and then rescue, with emergency medical people, the people who are injured. By all accounts, I have to say the Senate, under Republican leadership, with cooperation from our Democratic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.005 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6254 September 29, 2016 
colleagues—because of course nothing happens around here unless it is bipar-tisan. That is the way this place is con-structed. That is the way the Constitu-tion is written. I am grateful that under the leadership and steady hand of Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL  of Kentucky, we have gotten back to work and taken care of the country’s business. Of course, we still have disagree-ments like we had over spending bills that led up to this continuing resolu-tion, and in the lameduck it will leave us with having to deal with the long- term spending bills this December, but I simply want to make the point that leadership matters. Under the leader-ship of Senator M
CCONNELL , our com-mittees are now actively producing legislation on a bipartisan basis that is then available to the majority leader to bring to the floor for us to debate, for Senators to offer suggestions for improvement by way of amendment and allow everybody to participate in that process to vote on the legislation and then bring it to the President’s desk. I hope we can continue to put sound policy over the sort of partisan politics that left us in the uncomfortable and unenviable position we were in yester-day, trying to meet a deadline to keep the government up and running. With a little cooperation and a little elevation of responsibility to our constituents and the people we serve, rather than partisan politics, I think we can con-tinue to do better. Mr. President, with that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The remarks of Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. L
ANKFORD , and Ms. C OLLINS pertaining to the introduction of S. 3464 and S. 3462 are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. LANKFORD. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AWARENESS MONTH Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, be-fore the Senate adjourns this after-noon, I want to remind my colleagues that National Domestic Violence Awareness Month begins on Saturday. Throughout the month of October, we are called to increase public aware-ness and understanding of domestic vi-olence. As noted by the National Net-work to End Domestic Violence, do-mestic violence thrives when we re-main silent. That is why I recently in-troduced a resolution to commemorate National Domestic Violence Awareness Month. As stated in our resolution, Congress should continue to raise awareness of domestic violence in the United States. We also should pledge our continued support for programs designed to assist survivors, hold perpetrators account-able, and bring an end to domestic vio-lence. I thank my colleagues, Senators LEAHY , AYOTTE , and K LOBUCHAR , for joining as original cosponsors of the resolution. It passed the Senate unani-mously on September 15. Through the enactment of other key measures— such as the Violence Against Women Act, the Family Violence Prevention Act, and the Victims of Crime Act— Congress has made support to survivors a national priority for over three dec-ades. Through the enactment of laws criminalizing domestic violence at the State and local level, we also have sent a strong signal to abusers that domes-tic violence is not a private matter, but a public issue. We have come a long way, but our work is far from complete. Even now, domestic violence affects more than 12 million people each year in the United States, including women, men, and children of every age and socio-economic status. Research also sug-gests that young women between the ages of 18 and 34 are particularly vul-nerable to domestic violence. The neg-ative effects of this crime go far be-yond the confines of individual house-holds. It impacts our communities when the victims of domestic violence are forced to choose between continued abuse or financial insecurity and even homelessness. It impacts our economy when the victims of this crime miss work and school. Thankfully, there are many individ-uals and organizations in Iowa and elsewhere around the country that work around the clock to meet the needs of victims. They include the cri-sis hotline personnel who provide peer- to-peer support or counseling to vic-tims across the Nation. They include the staff and volunteers at shelters, who provide safe havens for victims fleeing abuse in communities. They in-clude the advocates who champion pre-vention initiatives and resources for victims at the State and Federal lev-els. Last, but certainly not least, they include the first responders who com-passionately respond to victims of do-mestic violence in their most vulner-able moments. These men and women put their lives at risk when responding to domestic abuse calls, which can be among the most volatile they will ex-perience. We thank them for their never-ending service. Mr. President, once again, I thank my colleagues for passing this resolu-tion unanimously. It is important that we continue to support the goals and ideals of National Domestic Violence Awareness Month. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
REMEMBERING SHIMON PERES Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute and reflect on the legacy of Israeli leader, two-time Prime Minister, and ninth President of Israel Shimon Peres. I extend my con-dolences to the family of Shimon Peres and to the people of Israel. Today you have lost a towering lead-er who leaves behind a legacy of moral clarity and hope. I had the opportunity to meet Shimon Peres on numerous oc-casions. After each meeting, I walked away inspired and hopeful, having ben-efited immensely from his insight and perspective on a number of difficult global issues. Shimon Peres was not only one of the world’s greatest statesmen but an ar-dent and committed advocate for peace. Given Shimon Peres’s personal history and journey, it is truly remark-able that in his final years he refused to give in to cynicism and acrimony. As an immigrant to Israel, he was part of the grand project that cul-tivated a thriving country and society. As a warrior, he made sure that Israel was always ready and able to defend itself. As a politician, he contributed to the lively and robust democracy that the Israelis enjoy today, but he never shied away from reaching out across lines if he thought that was in Israel’s interest. As a friend to the United States, his legacy is the unshakeable bond be-tween our two countries, our govern-ments, and our people. As a leader, he showed the world that extending a hand and daring to work for peace is worthy and just. He shared the Nobel Peace Prize in 1994 with Yasser Arafat and Yitzhak Rabin. The legacy of the Oslo Accords remains active today. We must continue to work toward a two-state solution, a Jewish and Pales-tinian state living side by side in peace and security. Shimon Peres’s legacy is the patient, difficult, taxing, and nec-essary work of negotiations. It is only through direct negotiations and direct contact between the two sides, Israelis and Palestinians, that we can achieve this objective. Shimon Peres leaves behind incred-ibly important initiatives, such as the Peres Center for Peace. This is a peace- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.006 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6255 September 29, 2016 
building organization that seeks to fos-ter personal and professional inter-actions between Israelis and Palestin-ians, Arabs and Jews. I want to pay tribute to Shimon Peres’s morality and courage. He called for reconciliation in times of strife. We can fill his legacy by turning this sober and sad occasion to a call for direct talks between the Israelis and Pal-estinians, for boldness and courage to return to the negotiating table to ful-fill the dream and meet the expecta-tions of so many living in this part of the world who are so desperately seek-ing peace. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from Michigan. 
f 
NASA Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I rise to speak about NASA and the human exploration program. NASA and our industry partners have made in-credible progress in space exploration, and we are now closer to human mis-sions into deep space than we have been since we last left the Moon nearly 45 years ago. We have set a lofty but achievable goal. We are going to Mars, and we are building the rockets and in-frastructure to get us there. Achieving a complex, long-term goal can be challenging for a government, and this is especially true during an administration transition. But we can’t let up on the development if we are going to put a human on Mars. That is why I, along with a number of my Commerce Committee colleagues, recently introduced the NASA Transi-tion Authorization Act of 2016. This bi-partisan bill will ensure that NASA maintains a continuity of purpose over the next year. The NASA Transition Authorization Act will give NASA the stability needed to keep NASA’s impor-tant missions moving through 2017. It is not just important to the agency, it is something that is particularly im-portant to the thousands of small- and medium-sized businesses across the country where dedicated men and women are working hard to move our space program forward. With this bill, we are sending a strong message to companies like Fu-turamic Tool & Engineering in Michi-gan. They are so proud to help build the rockets that will take us to Mars, and all of us in the Congress must stand solidly behind their efforts. A few weeks ago, I visited the Ken-nedy Space Center to witness the launch of the OSIRIS-REx spacecraft, a science mission that will take a sample from an asteroid and return that sam-ple back to Earth. I saw the launch in-frastructure taking shape for the mas-sive SLS rocket and the assembly and testing of the Orion crew capsule that will launch in 2018 aboard SLS. I also saw amazing work by Boeing, SpaceX, and the United Launch Alliance on their rockets and spacecraft, which will start sending U.S. astronauts to the International Space Station in a couple of years. When you see the scale of these gigantic structures and the in-tricacy of the machinery, you really get a sense of how much power, energy, and precision it takes to conduct these very ambitious missions, and you see why we can’t stop this momentum to-ward space. We are going boldly, and we are going to stay, and this legisla-tion makes that point very clear. Importantly, this bill authorizes the entire agency, reaffirming that NASA is a multimission agency with impor-tant missions in space technology, aer-onautics, exploration, and education. I am particularly pleased that the legislation underscores the importance of NASA’s science programs. Investing in NASA’s science mission leads to re-search and development of new tech-nologies. These technologies increase the competitiveness of our space pro-gram and at the same time shed light on ways we can protect and improve our planet Earth. I cannot overstate the importance of this work to our Na-tion, our planet, and to humanity as a whole. I agree with many in the sci-entific community who believe we need to increase our investments in NASA science missions, aeronautics, and other areas of the agency, and I will work to improve these programs more comprehensively in future legislation. I am also pleased that parts of my bill reinforces NASA’s ongoing efforts to educate the scientists and astro-nauts of the future. Earlier this year, Senator G
ARDNER and I introduced leg-islation to promote American competi-tiveness through investments in re-search and STEM education. NASA’s inspiring exploration and science mis-sions make the agency uniquely posi-tioned to engage students in STEM subjects. I witnessed this firsthand when former astronaut Charlie Precourt joined me in speaking to a group of Michigan students last year. I can assure you the students were much more excited to talk to a former astro-naut than a U.S. Senator. It is also my hope that we can move forward and pass the space weather bill that Senator G
ARDNER and I introduced earlier this year. This legislation as-signs roles to the various Federal agen-cies involved with space weather and improves the research and observations needed to better predict space weather events. The space weather bill, to-gether with the NASA bill, represents a strong and positive bipartisan con-sensus for our space program, including space science. Heliophysics, or the study of the Sun, is a critical compo-nent of NASA’s science research mis-sion and has major implications for life here on Earth. I was also pleased to see that NASA’s new Associate Administer for Science, University of Michigan professor Dr. Thomas Zurbuchen, has a strong back-ground in space weather. I wish him good luck in his new role. I wish to congratulate Senator C
RUZ, Chairman T
HUNE , Ranking Member NELSON , Senator W ICKER , Senator R
UBIO, Senator U DALL , and Senator C
ANTWELL for their hard work on the NASA transition act, and I look for-ward to working with my colleagues to ensure that NASA has a steady path forward to keep making groundbreaking discoveries and inspir-ing Americans for years to come. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
f 
AMENDING THE GULLAH/GEECHEE CULTURAL HERITAGE ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 573, H.R. 3004. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3004) to amend the Gullah/ Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cul-tural Heritage Corridor Commission. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 3004) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
BATHROOMS ACCESSIBLE IN EVERY SITUATION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 5147, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5147) to amend title 40, United States Code, to require restrooms in public buildings to be equipped with baby changing facilities. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.011 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6256 September 29, 2016 
The bill (H.R. 5147) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
CLARIFICATION OF TREATMENT OF ELECTRONIC SALES OF LIVE-STOCK ACT OF 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 5883, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5883) to amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to clarify the duties re-lating to services furnished in connection with the buying or selling of livestock in commerce through online, video, or other electronic methods, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5883) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
RANDY D. DOUB UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee be discharged from further consider-ation of H.R. 3937 and the Senate pro-ceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3937) to designate the building utilized as a United States courthouse lo-cated at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 3937) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE OPENING OF THE NATIONAL GALLERY OF ART Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Rules Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 527. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 527) recognizing the 75th anniversary of the opening of the Na-tional Gallery of Art. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 527) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of July 12, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
SUPPORTING LIGHTS ON AFTERSCHOOL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 578, and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 578) supporting Lights On Afterschool, a national celebration of afterschool programs held on October 20, 2016. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 578) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of September 26, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 591, S. Res. 592, S. Res. 593, and S. Res. 594. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. 
S. RES. 593 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise today as the chairman of the Senate Aging Committee to speak about the bipartisan resolution I have introduced with Senator MCCASKILL designating September 22, 2016—the first day of the fall season—as National Falls Preven-tion Awareness Day. The purpose of this designation is to better educate seniors, families, and caregivers—as well as government and civic organiza-tions—about the practices, programs, and policies that can be taken to re-duce the risk of falls. Falls are the leading cause of both fatal and nonfatal injuries among older adults. Older adults are the fastest- growing segment of the U.S. popu-lation, and the number is projected to increase from 46.2 million in 2014 to 82.3 million in 2040. As more Americans age, falls will become even more nu-merous and costly than they are now. In 2014, approximately 2.8 million older Americans were treated in emer-gency rooms after falling, and more than 800,000 were subsequently hos-pitalized. Tragically, more than 27,000 of them died as a result of their inju-ries. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention puts these staggering statistics in a context that really brings the problem home: one out of every three seniors falls each year; every 13 seconds, a senior is treated in an emergency room for a fall; every 20 seconds, a senior dies from a fall. In addition to the human toll, these falls generate enormous economic costs. The annual total direct medical cost of fall-related injuries for older adults is approximately $34 billion. As more members of the baby boomer gen-eration reach retirement age, these costs could nearly double within the next 5 years. Beyond the pain, suffering, and ex-pense, falls can affect a senior’s ability to live independently and can lead to a compromised quality of life, and thus to isolation and depression. Many peo-ple who fall, even if they are not in-jured, can develop a fear of falling. This may cause them to limit their ac-tivities, resulting in reduced mobility and physical activity. As a Senator representing the state with the oldest median age, I am espe-cially concerned that Maine is eighth in the Nation in the percentage of sen-iors who suffer falls. Seniors in Maine who fall experience an average medical cost of approximately $16,000, accord-ing to the most recent statistics avail-able. Fortunately, there are many or-ganizations throughout Maine, includ-ing several Area Agencies on Aging, which provide important fall awareness programs, such as risk assessments, and exercise and balance programs. Our resolution urges relevant Fed-eral, State, and local organizations to work to help educate seniors about ways they can reduce the risks that may result from a fall, including injury and even death. The resolution also recognizes that evidence-based pro-grams reduce falls by utilizing cost-ef-fective strategies, such as exercise pro-grams, medication management, vision improvement, reduction of home haz-ards, and fall prevention education. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.013 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6257 September 29, 2016 
Family members and other caregivers can also help seniors evaluate their homes for fall-inducing hazards and modify their living space with ade-quate lighting and assistive devices, such as grab bars in the shower or tub, to help ensure a safe environment. There are more steps we can take. The costs of even minor modifications like grab bars and hand rails can add up quickly, while more expensive projects such as widening doorways or installing a ramp are financially unre-alistic for far too many seniors. Sev-eral existing Federal programs can help seniors make these needed modi-fications to their homes, but few sen-iors are aware of them. To address this issue, I have joined Senators K
INGand A
YOTTE in sponsoring S. 3230, the Sen-ior Home Modification Assistance Ini-tiative Act, which would improve awareness and better coordinate exist-ing Federal programs. Falling is not an inevitable con-sequence of aging. Practical lifestyle adjustments, evidence-based preven-tion programs, community partner-ships, and continued research are among the tools available to reduce falls. Fall-related injuries have a dev-astating impact on the lives of our sen-iors, their families, and their commu-nities. Our goal is to unite profes-sionals, older adults, caregivers, and family members so that they might all play a part in raising awareness and preventing falls. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
JUSTICE AGAINST SPONSORS OF TERRORISM BILL Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I rise today to speak briefly about what oc-curred yesterday on the Senate floor when the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives overrode a veto in order to ensure that the victims of 9/11 had an outlet, if you will, to try to seek jus-tice and compensation. It was not as satisfactory as most in this body would hope. I am hopeful that over the course of time between now and the lameduck, or shortly thereafter, we will have a way to rectify some of the issues that concern us. I don’t think many Members are aware of that fact that Senator CARDIN  and I attempted throughout the last weekend to set up a meeting with the White House to go over options that could, in fact, be more beneficial to our country and, at the same time, give some justice to the people of 9/11. I think many people here know that there were Saudi officials here seeking to come up with some option that might work better than the option that we all opted for, with none other avail-able, yesterday. We were unable to get the President to convene a meeting that we had hoped would include the Secretary of State—we had a couple of conversa-tions with Secretary Kerry and I also had conversations directly with the White House—and to set up a meeting between the President and Secretary Kerry, and, of course, Leader M
CCON-
NELL , Leader R EID, Senator C ARDIN , and myself, as well as the two major sponsors of the bill. The purpose was to see if the issues with the bill that we voted on yesterday could be resolved via a better route. Was there another option that we could consider, and could we develop a timeframe where that could be considered to take us to an improvement over where we were yesterday? For reasons that still are unknown to me, that was not achievable. There was no desire whatsoever to sit down and meet. I am unaware of any meetings that took place to try to resolve this issue. My friends on the other side of the aisle mentioned that they did have a letter read to them at lunch one day regarding the President’s views. But now we have passed a bill. In fact, the victims of 9/11, whom many of us have met with, now have an outlet to try to seek justice. I think there was a de-sire—as was written yesterday in a let-ter, which many Senators here signed and many others have discussed—to amend what occurred yesterday to put us in a better place. So it is my hope, now that we have a piece of legislation that has become law, that maybe the executive branch— which, by the way, we tried to get to engage in this issue over this entire last year—will sit down with us and figure out an option that might work a little better than what passed yester-day on the floor. That hasn’t occurred. There just has been no engagement. Even at the last minute, with the first veto override facing the administra-tion, there was just an unwillingness to sit down and discuss routes that can take us to a better place. So I know there is a desire on the House side, I know there is a desire in this body, as was widely expressed yes-terday, and I know there is a desire— no doubt—for the victims to be able to get answers to the questions they have had and to seek, in their minds, jus-tice. There is a desire for that. But there is also a desire to do so in a man-ner that will not possibly undermine other equities that the U.S. Govern-ment and our people have. So I am hopeful that over the course of the next 6 weeks—last night I had a discussion with a Saudi official whom I know is desirous of sitting down and pursuing that, as they have been over the course of the last week—now that this has become law, the administra-tion will be willing to do the same. My sense is that, with some of the com-ments that are going to be made pub-licly and some of the back-and-forth that will occur over the next 6 weeks, I am hopeful that the major sponsors of this bill, who are leaders in this body, will be willing to do that so that we will be able to create some alterations that, unfortunately, were not available to us yesterday to cause this piece of legislation to better serve U.S. na-tional interests. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRESCRIPTION DRUG AND HEROIN EPIDEMIC Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I am on the floor to talk about an epi-demic that has gripped my State of Ohio and affected every single State in this body in every community we rep-resent; that is, the issue of prescription drug, heroin, and now fentanyl and other synthetic heroin addiction. This epidemic is affecting our com-munities in fundamental ways. It is breaking families apart. It is causing crime. In fact, in my home State of Ohio, as I talk to law enforcement offi-cials in every county, they tell me it is the top reason for crime and the growth of crime. It is affecting our first responders. When I go to a firehouse now and talk to firefighters about what they do with most of their time, they tell me they do a lot more heroin runs than fire runs, and thank God because they are out there saving lives every single day. They now carry Narcan with them, which is a form of naloxone, which is a miracle drug that reduces the dangers because it reverses the effects of an overdose. They have provided Narcan 19,000 times in the last year in Ohio. This is something that is out there in all of our communities. Sometimes there is a huge spike in these overdoses. Sadly, we had that this week in Columbus, OH, when in the space of 24 hours we had 27 overdoses. I have been working with the county coroner’s office and with the health department in the city of Columbus to try to help them deter-mine what the cause of this spike in overdoses was. It appears to be another case where there is a particularly dan-gerous batch of heroin, and it probably 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.001 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6258 September 29, 2016 
has something to do with these syn-thetic heroins that are coming into the States and our country—fentanyl, carfentanil, or U–4. A few flakes of carfentanil ingested can kill you. This is very dangerous stuff. I wish I could say it is getting better, but I fear it is only getting worse. I have been on this floor talking about this issue every single week since February. During that time pe-riod, we passed, by a vote of 92 to 2, legislation to help address this issue. A vote of 92 to 2 is a rare vote in this place. Because Republicans and Demo-crats came together on this issue, we were able to pass something that will help. We spent 3
1⁄2years working on it—my colleague Senator W
HITEHOUSE  and I and others were very involved—to help ensure that we can get better pre-vention and education efforts out there; do more in terms of treatment for people who are addicted and need to get help; provide longer term recovery, which we believe is essential to suc-cessful treatment because all the facts indicate that unless you have the longer term recovery, the relapse rate is very high. We also help our police officers, our firefighters, and other first responders by saying: Let’s get them the Narcan they need and the training they need to be able to save those lives. Very specifically, it also helps our veterans and pregnant women who are addicted and these babies born with de-pendency. Some very specific programs are going to help to turn the tide. Overall, I would say the legislation is important because for the first time ever not only is Congress supporting recovery, as we talked about, but we are also finally addressing this issue as it needs to be addressed, as a public health issue, saying that this is not a question of someone making a bad moral choice as much as it is a disease. It needs to be treated like a disease. Until addiction is treated as a disease, I think it is going to be very difficult for us to turn this tide and begin to save these lives. In my home State, it has been the top cause of accidental death, sur-passing car accidents, probably since 2007. Sadly, that is now the case in many States around the country. Na-tionally, we believe it is the No. 1 cause of accidental death. Think about that. It is a situation that affects every State and our entire country, so in the legislation that was passed yesterday, called the continuing resolution, which is basically just a bill to continue the funding of government through Decem-ber—it is a short-term spending bill— we were able to include $37 million to help implement this legislation, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act. I am very proud of that. I am very pleased that this Senate and the House were willing to go along with that. I know it is unusual because typi-cally in a continuing resolution, you simply fund the previous year’s funding and there are no new programs, no new starts. Frankly, the administration did not recommend a new start in this in-stance, although they did recommend an anomaly or an addition to the CR in 27 other areas. We had to rely on Mem-bers in the House and the Senate to do the right thing, to make an exception, and to include this funding. I thank my colleagues for doing that. I think it is critical that we begin to fully fund this Comprehensive Addic-tion and Recovery Act—otherwise known as CARA—and do it now and not wait until the regular appropriations process in December. That $37 million will help us stand up some programs. In particular, there are four I want to mention this morning. One is the community-based coalition prevention grants, the second is the grants for access to overdose treat-ment, the third is the recovery grants, and the fourth is the State incentive grants for a comprehensive response to this opioid issue. In other words, we are dealing with prevention, education, treatment, and recovery, helping the States be more engaged and involved in this issue so the Federal Government can be a better partner. On the prevention side, what it does is start to tell people what is going on. We are doing that here today on the floor but specifically to let people know what this connection is between prescription drugs, prescription drug overprescribing and abuse, and heroin and fentanyl. The reason I think this is very important is that probably four out of five heroin addicts in Ohio start-ed with prescription drugs. Many peo-ple don’t know that. When they are prescribed a prescription drug for pain relief, sometimes they don’t realize the potential for addiction. To the young people who are listen-ing today, you need to know this. You need to understand this. Everybody does. Again, if we are going to turn the tide, we have to change the way we deal with it to ensure that people are getting the education they need to avoid getting into the funnel of addic-tion in the first place. This program called CARA also in-creases the availability naloxone, or Narcan, which is very important. It has long-term recovery grants, including grants for recovery colleges, recovery universities. In other words, there are programs within colleges and univer-sities to help on recovery because un-fortunately we are finding that many of our students need these recovery programs as they are trying to work through their addiction. It also sup-ports recovery high schools and in-creases eligibility for alternatives to incarceration—drug courts and vet-erans courts. So instead of putting peo-ple in jail for using these drugs, we say: Let’s do a diversion. If you stay sober and clean, you will stay out of jail and we will get you into treatment. As I have seen around our State, these pro-grams can help people get back on their feet. These are critical changes. The ex-perts who helped us write this legisla-tion over the last 31⁄2years, who came here to Washington, where we held four different conferences on this issue and brought in the best minds, the best practices, tell us they believe this leg-islation will make a difference in our communities day to day. Of course, it is up to the administra-tion to actually implement this aggres-sively. Congress has done its work to pass these new programs, to pass this legislation. Now it shifts over to the executive branch to administer it. There is no excuse that the funding is not there because we were able to pro-vide this funding. It is an exception to a normal CR, but we got the $37 million of funding in to begin to get these pro-grams up and running so we can begin to turn the tide on this addiction epi-demic. There are some aspects of the legisla-tion that are already working that don’t require a new program or setting up a new program. For instance, nurse practitioners and physician’s assist-ants are now permitted to be involved in administering Suboxone at treat-ment clinics around the country. We should get that up and going now. That shouldn’t require a lot of time, effort, and new programs. Earlier this week, I had the oppor-tunity to visit a fire station in Nor-wood, OH. This is a community of about 19,000 people that has had 56 overdoses since June 1. That is one small town in Ohio with 56 overdoses just since this summer. I met with law enforcement, I met with firefighters, and I met with other first responders. I met with a treatment specialist they brought in to help and work with them. They are doing some very interesting intervention work with families. They showed me a video of a young man who was overdosing. They showed me a video of police officers and then fire-fighters administering Narcan—not once, not twice, but three times. They showed how he was brought back to life. It was tough to watch, but fire-fighters and other first responders, po-lice officers, see that every single day. Every 3 hours someone dies of an overdose in Ohio, but every 3 hours many more are saved by the admin-istering of naloxone and Narcan to bring them back to life. As they are doing in Norwood, OH, the key is to in-tervene with that person, their family, and their friends and get that person into treatment so first responders are not administering Narcan again the next week or sometimes even the next day. Over the last 4 years, the number of heroin overdoses has tripled. Let me repeat that. Over the last 4 years, the number of heroin overdoses has tripled. Sadly, there is reason to believe this trend is continuing. Even though our first responders save the vast majority of those who overdose in Ohio, in Ohio we are losing more lives every day. We have already 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.016 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6259 September 29, 2016 
had more drug overdoses and more drug overdose deaths this year, at the end of September, than we had all of last year. Of course, the numbers don’t really tell the story. This story is about peo-ple. It is about dreams that have been shattered. It is about lives that have been cut short, often lives that are promising and young. It is about people like the 25-year-old student who was found dead of a heroin overdose in a bathroom stall at Columbus State Uni-versity last week—25 years old, with his whole life ahead of him. It is about people like the Hess family of Crestline, OH. Their son Jason was a college student, a talented musician, a gifted athlete. One of his classmates got him to try heroin, to just try it. Al-most immediately the drugs became everything in Jason’s life. Jason’s dad said: ‘‘He liked his dealer more than he liked me.’’ I have met with several hundred ad-dicts or recovering addicts in Ohio over the last few years. Many of them tell me the same thing, which is that the drugs do become everything, so they become everything ahead of friends and family and work. Jason struggled with his addiction for 15 years. He was in and out of jail a lot and in and out of hospitals. In the past 2 months, his dad saved his life twice with naloxone because as family members they are now permitted to get Narcan over the counter. A few weeks ago, Jason died of an overdose. He was 35 years old. When his mother heard the death notice a few hours later—she was informed about it—she went to a cemetery with a bot-tle of Valium and committed suicide. It was her 60th birthday. In a note she left behind, she said: ‘‘Thanks, heroin. Another victim.’’ That was the note she left for all of us. With this crisis getting worse and taking such a toll in Ohio, we have to get this legislation implemented as soon as possible and we have to con-tinue to fight, not just for more fund-ing but for better ideas and ways to ad-dress this problem at every level and in a comprehensive way. We need support for safe disposal sites for prescription drugs. That is part of the legislation. When you are at the drugstore or at the pharmacy get-ting your medication, you will also have an opportunity right there to dis-pose of some of the medication you may not have used. I have been to these dropoff sites. I was at one re-cently at Walgreens in Toledo, where they are implementing a program to provide these sites and to provide safe disposal of these drugs so they don’t get in the wrong hands. The experts tell us that in most fami-lies in America, there are drugs avail-able that can be dangerous. Many times, they are painkiller prescription drugs that are very addictive. Recently in Marion, OH, an 18-month-old girl was able to get into her parents’ Percocet, and she overdosed. We need these disposal sites to help protect kids like her. We need CARA’s prevention efforts, such as its national awareness cam-paign that is making this link I talked about between prescription drugs and heroin. People need to understand this. Kelly Clixby of Marion, OH, needed that information. I met her earlier this year when I visited the Crawford-Mar-ion Board of Alcohol, Drug Addiction, and Mental Health Services, where they are working hard every day to fight back against this epidemic. When I visited, the director, Jody Demo-Hodgins, told me that they are so overwhelmed with patients that ‘‘most of the time, I feel like I’m drowning.’’ They are overwhelmed, but they are doing a great job, and Kelly is an example. Kelly was prescribed painkillers. She became addicted to those painkillers, and, as is the case with many people, when those pills became too addictive and too expensive, when she couldn’t afford them, she turned to heroin. Her-oin is less expensive and more avail-able, actually, in many cases. Within a year, she had lost her job, her house, her car, and custody of her five kids. Over the next decade, she and her hus-band Randy got a divorce. She was ar-rested four different times for shop-lifting. She went to jail 19 times. She overdosed. Paramedics saved her life with naloxone, the Narcan we talked about. When Kelly was in the grip of this addiction, she didn’t even want to get out of bed in the morning. She felt like she couldn’t even get started on her day. She felt a constant sense of despair. Kelly’s life turned around when her best friend Chrystina died of a heroin overdose. At that point, she realized she needed to get treatment. Nine months to the day after paramedics saved her life, Kelly got clean. With the help of medication—in her case, Vivitrol, which is medication that ac-tually blocks the craving for the opioid, and it has worked very well in many cases in Ohio, including in our drug courts—with the help of Vivitrol and with the compassion of people at the Marion Area Counseling Center, Kerry has now been sober for a year and a half. She is back with her hus-band Randy. She is back with her kids and her family. She is now a grand-mother. She is leading a 12-step pro-gram to help others. She is beating this because she got treatment. The Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act will help get more people into treatment so we can have more success stories like Kelly’s. As I said, we need to raise awareness about how easy it is to become addicted to these opioids. I believe that will also help us to be able to push aside the stigma that is so often associated with addiction. That is one reason people don’t come for-ward and get treatment. Kelly said the stigma of addiction kept her from get-ting help when she needed it. She said: You feel horrible for stealing because you need to get high. Then you get high and you feel horrible for getting high. And then you have to steal again. I feel guilty because I use, and I use because I feel guilty. 
And the stigma kept her from coming forward. Think about Tera Guest. Tera Guest is from Lorain, OH. She was a nurse’s aide in a nursing home. She had been a good student and a talented artist. One day she was on her way to work and was hurrying down some stairs in her apartment building. She slipped, fell, and broke her ankle. When she went to her doctor, her doctor prescribed her Percocet and then OxyContin. She be-came addicted. When the prescriptions expired, like so many, she turned to heroin. Her mom Lori—who is a strong advo-cate on this issue and heads up the Lo-rain Community Task Force—found out about Tera’s addiction when Tera was evicted from her apartment and started living out of her car. Lori felt what so many moms and dads have experienced in Ohio and across the country. She said that when her kids were young, ‘‘We never dis-cussed heroin. I never thought it would be part of our lives. You don’t think that it’s going to be your child; you don’t think that it’s going to be in your family. And when it is, the stigma makes you so ashamed’’ and you don’t want to talk about it. Her daughter Tera fought this addic-tion for 2 years. At just 24 years old, she died of an overdose of heroin laced with fentanyl. Fentanyl is this syn-thetic heroin that is creeping into our communities, this poison that is com-ing into our country from other coun-tries, particularly China and India. It is coming here by the mail system. For Tera, it started with a broken ankle. It could happen to anybody. That is why we need this prevention ef-fort—to warn people about the dangers and to help end the stigma to keep peo-ple from hiding it and to get them to come forward. For all these reasons— the prevention, the treatment, the re-covery, and ending the stigma—the people we represent need this legisla-tion to be enacted but also to be imple-mented as soon as possible. In order to help as many people as we can, we have to get the funding in the CR working and we have to continue to fight for funding. Madam President, we have talked about a lot of tough stories today. Un-fortunately, the grip of this addiction is so great that there are a lot of heart-breaking stories, and it is getting worse, not better. But there is also hope. There is hope I see every week when I am back home in Ohio. I recently met Sheila Humphrey, whose child succumbed to a heroin ad-diction and an overdose and death. She started her own organization with other moms and family members, and they are having great success in inter-vening with these families and explain-ing the reason to get treatment and get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.018 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6260 September 29, 2016 
into recovery. She gave me this brace-let. It talks about the Rally for Recov-ery in 2016. We had one in Ohio last weekend that I was able to attend. At that rally, with the Ohio Citizen Advocates for Addiction Recovery, I got to meet so many people who are in recovery. They came forward to talk to me about their stories and to talk about what they are doing to help oth-ers. They talked to me about the need for us to have more treatments and re-covery programs. I met someone who has not only beaten the addiction but is a counselor in Dayton, OH, named Gary. Gary Gonnella is helping others to get their lives back on track. He is incredibly persuasive because he has a story to tell. Gary told me: Senator, there is hope. Don’t give up. He is telling me don’t give up. I am telling my colleagues: People expect us not to give up. They are not giving up. This guy, Gary, is a recovering addict. He is not giving up, and he is asking us to ensure we do everything we can to help—to be a better partner with State and local governments and with the nonprofits out there in the trenches every day that are doing this work with folks like Gary who are looking for our help. CARA will give more peo-ple more hope. So on behalf of all of those whom I talked about today, those whose lives were cut short, and their family mem-bers, and on behalf of our communities, let’s continue this fight. Let’s ensure we do, in fact, get CARA implemented quickly. Let’s ensure we do continue to push not just to provide funding but new ideas and better ideas. There is new legislation we just in-troduced in the last couple of weeks called the STOP Act that stops the synthetic heroin, the fentanyl, the carfentanil, and U–4 from coming into our country from other countries by requiring packages include information about where the package is from, what is in it, and where it is going. That is not required now by the post office, but it is required by private carriers. So these traffickers are using the postal system, including the U.S. postal sys-tem, to move these deadly chemicals into our communities. We need to stop that. So there is more we can and should do. It is our responsibility to do that. As we break for these elections and as the lameduck period in December comes upon us after that, let’s con-tinue to work to ensure we are able to turn this tide and bring back more hope. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. 
f 
WILLSEYE HOSPITAL Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I wanted to come to the floor today, as I did last week, to speak once again about WillsEye Hospital in Philadel-phia. When I was here last week, I was talking about the hospital itself and the truly excellent work that is done at that hospital and, unfortunately, to talk as well about the unfair treatment that hospital is receiving from the Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Serv-ices. We know it by the acronym CMS. CMS is using an arbitrary ratio of the number of inpatients and out-patients to make the argument—faulty though it is—that WillsEye is not a hospital and should be an ambulatory surgery center, which could have dras-tic implications and ultimately force WillsEye Hospital to close down. This hospital is almost 200 years old. Last week, WillsEye Hospital started an online petition on change.org so people could show their support for the hospital. I wanted to share some of those comments today with Members of the Senate. These online postings, of course, don’t just come from Philadel-phia or Pennsylvania. They come from States across the Northeast and even beyond. Here are just a couple of examples. Jack Croft from Lansdale, PA, which is not too far from Philadelphia, said: I owe my life, my right eye, and my sight to Wills Eye Hospital and its brilliant ocular oncology team. Losing federal designation as a hospital would have a devastating effect on the lives of thousands, many of them chil-dren, who desperately need the specialized expertise of Wills. 
So said Jack Croft. Ayan Chatterjee from Philadelphia said the following: 
Wills Eye Hospital provides care to so many complex patients from all across the world. It is not just a ‘‘surgi-center.’’ State regulators got it right but Federal regu-lators should revisit this. 
We continue to hope they will do that—my words, in addition to the comments. Kathleen O’Brien from Vestal, NY— not from Pennsylvania—said: 
I’ve needed Wills since 2005 to treat and monitor my ocular melanoma. They are the best in the world for my very rare cancer. Medicare is my primary insurance provider. It makes no logical sense to take away this vital institution to the thousands of children and adults they not only treat but save lives. 
Erica Roache from Cape May Court House, NJ, said: 
This hospital provides specialized care not available anywhere else. Doctors at Wills Eye quickly diagnosed and successfully treated my daughter’s rare eye condition that had been misdiagnosed for years by other less specialized doctors. The possi-bility of closing this world class hospital due to senseless bureaucracy is just unthinkable. 
So says Erica. Here are two more. This is Mike Stanley from Overland Park, KS—half a country away from Pennsylvania: 
We live in Overland Park, KS, and for the past 2 years have been flying from Kansas City to Philly for treatment for the retinoblastoma eye cancer you refer to. 
He is referring to comments I had made when I was at WillsEye Hospital. I continue on with Mike Stanley’s comments: 
Thankfully, my daughter is now 4 and in remission and we travel back to Philly next week and Wills. Please let us know what we can do to support CMS changing how they classify Wills Eye so we and others can con-tinue to get the best care in the world. Alexis Butler, from Chelsea, MI, said: 
I’m signing because as a volunteer at Camp Sunshine at Sebago Lake I’ve met many children who have been saved by Wills Eye Hospital. Their cases aren’t handled much by other hospitals as well as they are at Wills. It needs to survive. 
So said Alexis from the State of Michigan. I will do one more. The final com-ments come from Nancy Cotton from Marlton, NJ. 
Please do not be blinded by rubber stamp bureaucracy. Not everything fits neatly into arbitrary slots—visit Wills Eye and look in the faces of those whose vision was restored, saved, as well as the parents whose chil-dren’s very lives were saved. This institution fills a desperate need for highly specialized service! Save Wills Eye!! 
Notice she uses exclamation points— actually two exclamation points at the end. That is how Nancy Cotton from New Jersey ends her comments. So you can see from these comments that these are real people talking about their real lives or that of a fam-ily member—sometimes a child—and commenting from the vantage point of what they had experienced in terms of the benefits that WillsEye Hospital has provided. I hope CMS is listening—and not just to these comments but to the many others that have been sent in. None of these comments are compul-sory. None of these comments are part of some organized political effort. Peo-ple are just responding in a very au-thentic and substantial way. This is very rare to have this kind of com-mentary that is so specific about how WillsEye Hospital has made life better for people across the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, people across the north-eastern part of the United States and well beyond that, as we can document from the comments from Kansas. So what we are trying to do is to work with WillsEye and CMS to work this out and to remove a bureaucratic barrier or obstacle in the way of keep-ing WillsEye Hospital open as a hos-pital so that it can deliver the kind of eye care—the kind of lifesaving eye care—that not only these people expe-rience but that I experienced myself as a father. My wife and I had a daughter, and, fortunately, she is doing very well now. She is out of college. But she had a mo-ment in time when she was a little girl where she would have lost eyesight in one of her eyes were it not for WillsEye Hospital. That is a fact. That is docu-mented. We know that. So I join in those comments we heard today, and I will continue to make them a part of the R
ECORD . We are working to save this hospital. To say it is a world-class institution is a vast understatement. It has affected so many lives, including my own. So CMS got this wrong. They have an obligation to get it right, to fix it, so that WillsEye Hospital can continue into the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.019 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6261 September 29, 2016 
We are grateful so many people are taking the time to go to change.org and focus on all the benefits of WillsEye Hospital. I will continue to make this case a high priority for the work I do, the work our office does. Time is running short now for the hos-pital. CMS has some work to do to make sure we get the result not only that I want but one that I know people across our Commonwealth and our country want. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I just came from a discussion on the Trans- Pacific Partnership and the damage it will do to our country. We have had 25 years of trade policy that has cost jobs in places like Lorain, OH, Cleveland, OH, and Dayton, OH. We know these trade agreements pull down worker safety standards, environ-mental rules and protections, and food safety laws and rules. We know they cost us jobs. I know what has happened in my State. I see what has happened in places like Omaha, the Presiding Of-ficer’s State, and all over our country. I appreciate Senator M
CCONNELL and Speaker R
YAN saying they don’t plan to bring the Trans-Pacific Partnership up for a vote in the lameduck session of Congress. I believe it would be a bit underhanded to do that when the pub-lic is speaking pretty loudly that these trade agreements don’t work. One part that in particular affects my State is something called rules of origin in the auto industry, where in order to qualify for a tariff reduction or tariff elimination to sell products, to sell a car, under NAFTA—NAFTA was a very flawed agreement. I helped lead the opposition. We almost de-feated it down the hall in the House of Representatives. To qualify for NAFTA tariff reduction, removal, elimination, the car had to be mostly made—60 per-cent, more or less—in one of the three countries, the United States, Mexico or Canada. Under the TPP, Trans-Pacific Partnership, there are 12 countries, very disparate countries—Peru, the United States, Mexico, Canada, wealthy countries, Vietnam, poor countries. Under the rules of origin and TPP, a car can be more than half made elsewhere, like China, and then still be sold into the United States or sold into Canada or Mexico. Fundamentally, what this means is, it has created a loophole you can drive my Jeep Cherokee, made by union workers 150 miles from my home in To-ledo, OH—you can drive a Jeep Cher-okee through this loophole. This will undermine the auto industry, it will undermine the supply chain, it will mean loss of jobs from auto assembly in Youngstown and Toledo and Sharonville, to other kinds—whether it is glass, tires, the steel in the cars. All this will undermine those jobs. I again thank Senator MCCONNELL  and Speaker R
YANas they have prom-ised not to bring up this agreement. I hope they are men of their word. It is a disaster for our country. It is bad for our country. I appreciate that both Presidential candidates—one more knowledgeable than the other, perhaps, about trade policy—have opposed the Trans-Pacific Partnership. I close with this. I see candidates make all kinds of claims about their position on trade. I see all kinds of can-didates in their own private businesses doing certain things, but I know we can make products in the United States of America. The shoes I have were made by workers in Maine and Massachusetts. The suit I wear was made by union workers in a company 11 miles from my home in Cleveland. American workers just want a level playing field. They just want the op-portunity to compete. They want the opportunity to make things. We know how to do that in this country. Our trade policy should reflect that. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
JUSTICE AGAINST SPONSORS OF TERRORISM BILL Mr. WARNER. Madam President, yesterday I voted to override the Presi-dent’s veto of S. 2040, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, or JASTA. I chose to support the motion to override after hearing from sup-porters of this bill, including the fami-lies of the 9/11 victims, and considering the concerns that have been raised by the administration about the bill’s po-tential unintended consequences on our national security and foreign policy. Ultimately, I believe that the fami-lies who lost loved ones on 9/11 should have their day in court. Although I supported passage of the bill, I have grave concerns about the dangerous precedent of opening foreign sovereign immunity. I believe our national secu-rity and foreign policy could be put in jeopardy if reciprocal laws are enacted in other countries, with the potential to open U.S. citizens, officials, and servicemembers to foreign lawsuits in which they could be required to dis-close classified or sensitive informa-tion as part of court proceedings in other countries. I have joined 27 of my colleagues in sending a bipartisan letter to the bill’s authors, Senators SCHUMER and C OR-
NYN, laying out our concerns about the legislation and seeking their commit-ment to work with us to mitigate any potential consequences of enacting this legislation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PLANNED PARENT-HOOD FEDERATION OF AMERICA Mr. BROWN. Madam President, today I congratulate the Planned Par-enthood Federation of America on a century’s commitment to protecting women’s health and making that health care a right, not a privilege. I have been proud to stand with Planned Parenthood against a tide of relentless political attacks, and I look forward to supporting this organization as it con-tinues to empower all Americans to take control of their health for years to come. When advocates opened the first birth control health clinic in the United States in 1916, they had a sim-ple but bold goal: to ensure that all women, regardless of where they were born or where they live, have access to the information and resources they need to lead strong and healthy lives. Over the next hundred years, Planned Parenthood worked to cement the idea that preventive and reproductive health care is not a privilege afforded to the few but a key to leading a full, healthy life that should be available to every American. In Ohio, our 28 Planned Parenthood clinics educate and provide care to tens of thousands of men and women each year, many of whom have nowhere else to turn. The lives and struggles of those patients are what motivate the dedicated staff and volunteers at these health clinics. And they do this critical work in the face of constant threats and attacks from all levels of govern-ment. Just this year, the State of Ohio passed an ill-conceived law that, had it not been overturned by a Federal dis-trict court, would have jeopardized ac-cess to preventive care and ceased op-eration of a prominent infant mor-tality prevention program. I get letters all the time from con-stituents who rely on Planned Parent-hood. One Ohioan wrote to me saying, ‘‘I was so amazed by the support for women that Planned Parenthood pro-vided that I volunteered for them for years,’’ while another wrote, ‘‘Planned Parenthood not only provided a well- rounded education, in which I had re-ceived none previously, but they also provided services that I would not have had access to otherwise.’’ I have even heard that Planned Parenthood ‘‘saved the life of my best friend when she found a lump in her breast and she had no health insurance.’’ We need to listen to the voices of these women and remember that Planned Parenthood remains a vital health provider for so many. It is a strong advocate for its patients, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.020 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6262 September 29, 2016 
further attempts to defund or desta-bilize this organization will result in more undiagnosed cancers, more un-treated illnesses, and more unintended pregnancies. We have seen the incredible progress our country can make when women make their own health care decisions and follow their dreams, and we know what an important role Planned Par-enthood plays in making that possible. Congratulations to Planned Parent-hood Federation of America on its 100th anniversary and for the impor-tant work its members do in Ohio’s communities and across the country every day. 
f 
NATIONAL MANUFACTURING DAY Mr. BENNET. Madam President, in honor of National Manufacturing Day on October 7, I would like to recognize the nearly 150,000 Coloradans who work for the 6,000 manufacturers across the State and contribute $20 billion annu-ally to the State’s economy. Colorado manufacturers contribute their ingenuity and talent to support growth in the aerospace, energy, bio-science, defense, food and beverage, ag-riculture, apparel and many other in-dustries. In 2015, they exported over $8 billion worth of U.S.-made goods over-seas. Manufacturing leaders in Colorado are continually looking for innovative ways to produce high-quality products. They have developed strong public-pri-vate-university partnerships through the Alliance for the Development of Additive Processing Technologies, ADAPT, Center at Colorado School of Mines, led by the Manufacturer’s Edge—Colorado’s NIST Manufacturing Extension Partnership—and the Digital Manufacturing and Design Innovation Institute National Research Initiative at the University of Colorado-Boulder. From Oliver Manufacturing in La Junta to Woodward in Fort Collins to Lockheed Martin in Littleton to Rey-nolds Polymer in Grand Junction, manufacturers play a significant role in our local communities, providing high-skilled jobs and opportunities for suppliers and service providers. That is why I look forward to cele-brate the contributions of Colorado’s manufacturers throughout the month of October with my colleagues in the Colorado congressional delegation, Governor John Hickenlooper, and Man-ufacturer’s Edge. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CLARENCE M. DITLOW III Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, today I wish to recognize and thank Mr. Clarence M. Ditlow III for his com-mitment to protecting the American people. Through a lifetime of work im-proving automotive and safety laws, Mr. Ditlow has helped save thousands of lives and prevented many more inju-ries than would otherwise have oc-curred. A tireless champion for con-sumers, his work has resulted in better government oversight of automakers, the installation of key safety features, and the exposure of safety defects in millions of cars, SUVs, and other trucks. A 1965 chemical engineering graduate of Lehigh University, Mr. Ditlow pivoted to the legal profession fol-lowing the completion of a JD from Georgetown University in 1970 and an LLM from Harvard Law School in 1971. Since then, he has been instrumental in improving auto safety, reliability, and efficiency as executive director of the Center for Auto Safety. Mr. Ditlow’s discovery of numerous automotive defects, combined with his persistent pressure on safety agencies and automakers alike, led to the re-moval of many unsafe vehicles from the road. His direct efforts led to the automotive recalls of 6.7 million Chev-rolets with defective engine mounts, 15 million Firestone 500 tires, 1.5 million Ford Pintos and 2 million Jeeps with exploding gas tanks, 3 million Evenflo child seats with defective latches, 7 million Toyotas because of sudden ac-celeration defects, 2 million GM vehi-cles with defective ignition switches, and over 30 million Takata airbag in-flators. He also led consumer efforts to get ‘‘lemon laws’’ passed in all 50 States. I offer my sincere appreciation to Mr. Clarence M. Ditlow III and the Center for Automotive Safety for indefati-gable dedication to auto safety and vig-ilance in uncovering automotive safety threats. Clarence demonstrates the im-pact a devoted industry watchdog can have on informing the public and sav-ing lives. I am grateful for his years of collaboration with and assistance to Members of Congress, Federal and State safety agencies, and a myriad of other stakeholders, to improve auto-motive and public safety. f 
TRIBUTE TO DONDA MORGAN Mr. UDALL. Madam President, I wish to say a heartfelt thank you and congratulations to Donda Morgan, who retired at the end of last month after 17 years and 8 months with my office. I do this knowing that she shies away from fuss and attention, preferring to stay quiet and behind the scenes. But she deserves this recognition for her service to me—and especially to the people of New Mexico. Donda was born and raised in the Clovis-Portales area of Eastern New Mexico. She graduated from Eastern New Mexico University and worked in public service for over two decades. She came to Washington in 1995 after a nearly 10-year stint with Capitol Gov-ernment Reports, a Santa Fe publica-tion. She went to work for one of my predecessors in the House of Represent-atives, former U.S. Representative Bill Richardson, until he was appointed En-ergy Secretary. So I knew she was well qualified for the job. When I was elect-ed in 1998, she joined my new congres-sional office, starting almost on the first day of the new year, January 3, 1999. Donda began as the manager of my office operations, managing the office budget and then my schedule—which I am sure was no easy task. As one news-paper reporter once wrote, she was in charge of ‘‘everything that [came] in and out of the . . . office from pencils and pens to letterhead and business cards.’’ She served with me throughout my tenure in the House and then moved over to the Senate staff as my executive assistant and scheduler when I was elected to this body in 2009. I admire many things about Donda, but perhaps the most important is that she served with the highest integrity. As my assistant and scheduler, she worked directly with New Mexicans who came to my Washington office for appointments or to check in with me or my staff. Donda was always particu-larly careful to make sure that every-one was treated the same. In a sense, she was the face of my Senate office, scheduling and greeting everyone— celebrated or not—with equal parts of graciousness and firmness, while keep-ing the train running on time, a daunting task in a Senate office. She firmly appreciated that her first re-sponsibility was to the people of New Mexico. My constituents from New Mexico got to know and love her. I have heard them comment that they were glad that she was my scheduler because they knew she would try her best to make sure they had an oppor-tunity to see me. Donda has a strong work ethic and was an incredible coworker and team player, always willing to help where she could. She also has a quirky sense of style. My staff especially enjoyed hearing ZZ Top and AC/DC playing from her office while she worked. She was known for wearing colorful hightop sneakers, chosen with the help of her beloved grandson Aiden. Donda also has a fondness for certain celebrities, and while she shied away from the fuss, she enjoyed seeing some of the Hollywood stars who sometimes visit Congress to talk about issues they care about. But, more than anything, Donda appreciates good, hard work. My dad used to say it was important not just to ‘‘get it done—but get it done right.’’ And that fits Donda to a T. She had a demanding job. To use a meta-phor, she was a juggler, and she man-aged to do it with humor and unfailing commitment. Time, which she managed for my of-fice with such skill and aplomb, has now brought her to a much deserved re-tirement, which I know she will man-age with equal grace and spirit. I thank her on behalf of my office and the peo-ple of New Mexico. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO ALAN CHARLES ∑Mr. DAINES. Madam President, today I wish to recognize Alan Charles 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.026 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6263 September 29, 2016 
of Miles City for his tireless work at Montana Fish, Wildlife, and Parks. Alan served in the agency’s Helena of-fice for the last 20 years, helping main-tain Montanans’ access to quality hunting grounds, an integral part of our way of life. In his role, Alan oversaw the block management program, which enabled landowners to enroll 7,234,628 acres of land for public hunting. He also pro-vided oversight for critical access pro-grams to ensure Montanans were able to enjoy our great outdoors and par-ticipate in our favorite pastimes. Over the course of 10 legislative sessions, he also provided testimony and back-ground on legislation dealing with ac-cess and game issues in our great State. Alan was also a community builder, helping bring together landowners, the State government, and sportsmen, finding common ground among these groups. I am grateful for Alan’s service to our State and its vast natural re-sources. After all, they are what make Montana the Treasure State. It takes a dedicated person to accomplish what Alan did, and I profoundly appreciate his time and efforts to preserve the Montanan way of life.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING FARM RESCUE ∑Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, today I wish to recognize Farm Rescue for assisting 400 farm and ranch fami-lies during times of crisis. Farm Res-cue provides assistance to farming families who are suffering from a major injury, illness, or natural dis-aster by lending a helping hand with planting, harvesting crops, or pro-viding haying assistance. They also as-sist producers with hauling hay and grain if a farmer or rancher cannot do these critical tasks. Farm Rescue’s re-lief efforts have come in times of nat-ural disaster, like tornadoes, and per-sonal crisis, such as cancer treatments, spinal cord injuries, and lost limbs. In rural communities, it is common for folks to help one another when in need, and this organization epitomizes that spirit. Farm Rescue was founded by Bill Gross in 2006, a native North Dakota farm boy who, while working as a full-time UPS pilot, donates his free time to run this organization. Mr. Gross has molded Farm Rescue into a one-of-a-kind nonprofit organization whose sole purpose is to aid farmers and ranchers who need a little help in the midst of a crisis. Farm Rescue ac-tually does the critical labor the farm-er or rancher needs to get done, while the assisted producer provides the crop inputs, like seed, fertilizer, and fuel Since 2006, Farm Rescue has assisted hundreds of farm families in the Mid-west, including North Dakota, South Dakota, Iowa, Montana, and Min-nesota. This year alone, Farm Rescue has already helped 50 families, and they are still in the field assisting more. Its operations are primarily completed by a volunteer labor force that come from all over the country to help, and many of those volunteers are retired farmers seeking to lend their help and expertise to those in need. Farm Rescue’s first case in 2006 was to assist a farmer whose hand was sev-ered in an auger accident. In 2012, they harvested for a family near Wyndmere, ND, marking their 200th case, after the farmer fell off his semitrailer and broke vertebrae in his neck. One hun-dred cases later, in 2014, Farm Rescue helped a Fergus Falls, MN, man with harvest while he underwent treatment for blood cancer. Two years later, Farm Rescue is now completing its 400th case by enabling a family with a loved one suffering from cancer to complete harvest. It must be a great relief to farming and ranching families to know that, if an unexpected medical diagnosis com-plicates spring planting or multiple lengthy trips to doctor appointments make harvesting the fall crop near im-possible, there is an organization that will coordinate volunteers to come out and lend a neighborly helping hand. Farm Rescue is making a positive con-tribution to the agriculture commu-nity all over the United States, and I am proud to be able to recognize this organization. Farm Rescue is a power-ful reminder of what Americans can achieve when they work together to help each other in times of need. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRETT BAKER ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Brett Baker, a 2016 summer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Brett is a current student from the University of South Florida. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Brett for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TRISTAN BAKER ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Tristan Baker, a 2016 sum-mer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Tristan is a current student from Rollins College. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his intern-ship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Tristan for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ TRIBUTE TO NICOLETTE DELORENZO ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Nicolette DeLorenzo, a 2016 summer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Nicolette is a current student from Wake Forest University. She is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Nicolette for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NICOLAS DUARIO ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Nicolas Duario, a 2016 sum-mer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Nicolas is a student at Bishop Moore High School. He is a dedicated and dili-gent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Nicolas for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN PAUL GILLIGAN ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize John Paul Gilligan, a 2016 summer intern in my Jacksonville of-fice, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. John Paul is a recent graduate from Villanova University, where he ma-jored in comprehensive science. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to John Paul for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WESLEY HARRIS ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Wesley Harris, a 2016 sum-mer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Wesley is a student at Boone High School. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of his internship ex-perience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Wesley for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 29, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.024 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6264 September 29, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO JOSEPH TODD HIGGINBOTHAM ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Joseph Todd Higginbotham, a 2016 spring intern in my Jacksonville office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Joseph is a recent graduate from the University of North Florida, where he majored in political science and minored in urban and metropolitan studies and public administration. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Joseph for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLIN MATTHAEI ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Colin Matthaei, a 2016 sum-mer intern in my Jacksonville office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Colin is a current student from Bir-mingham-Southern College, where he is majoring in global comparative stud-ies. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of his internship ex-perience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Colin for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DARBY M CQUEEN ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Darby McQueen, a 2016 sum-mer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Darby is a current student from the University of Alabama. She is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Darby for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALISE MORRIS ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Alise Morris, a 2016 spring intern in my Jacksonville office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Alise is a recent graduate from the University of North Florida, where she majored in political science. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Alise for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO BRETT NOLAN ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Brett Nolan, a 2016 summer intern in my Jacksonville office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Brett is a current student from the University of North Florida, where he is majoring in political science in American politics and minoring in eco-nomics and communications. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Brett for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHELBY RIGDON ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Shelby Rigdon, a 2016 spring intern in my Jacksonville office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Shelby is a recent graduate from the University of North Florida, where she majored in political science. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Shelby for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LONDON ROTUNDO ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize London Rotundo, a 2016 summer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. London is a student from Keiser Uni-versity in Orlando. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of his in-ternship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to London for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAKAYLA STILIANOU ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Makayla Stilianou, a 2016 summer intern in my Jacksonville of-fice, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Makayla is a current student from the University of Florida, where she is majoring in English. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of her in-ternship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Makayla for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO ALEXANDRA TEISAN ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Alexandra Teisan, a 2016 summer intern in my Jacksonville of-fice, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Alexandra is a current student from American University, where she is ma-joring in international studies. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Alexandra for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BENJAMIN TORPEY ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Benjamin Torpey, a 2016 summer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Benjamin is a student at the Univer-sity of Florida. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his intern-ship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Benjamin for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LYDIA WALSH ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Lydia Walsh, a 2016 summer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Lydia is a graduate from Stetson University. She is a dedicated and dili-gent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Lydia for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAROLINE WILLIAMS ∑Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, today I recognize Caroline Williams, a 2016 summer intern in my Jacksonville of-fice, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Caroline is a current student from the University of Florida, where she is majoring in political science. She is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.034 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6265 September 29, 2016 
dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Caroline for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING CHARLES D
ELESLINE FOSTER ∑Mr. SCOTT. Madam President, I wish to acknowledge and honor Mr. Charles DeLesline Foster, the first African American to graduate from The Citadel in Charleston, SC. This year, on No-vember 5, the school is celebrating the 50-year anniversary of his matricula-tion into the school. Although Mr. Foster is no longer with us, we still remember and honor his legacy. After graduating from The Citadel in 1970 with a degree in busi-ness administration, he went on to serve our Nation as a second lieutenant in the U.S. Army and became an explo-sives expert working at the Aberdeen Proving Grounds in Maryland. In 1973, he left the Army and became the man-ager for a moving company in Texas. Mr. Foster was an American hero who served his country and became a significant part of our State’s history. I wish I could be there with the com-munity to celebrate such a historical moment. But it is truly an honor to recognize Mr. Charles Foster, a true trailblazer, and his story can serve as an inspiration to us all.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. VEGE RAO ∑Mr. SCOTT. Madam President, after serving pediatric patients and their families for 38 years, Dr. Vege Rao will be retiring from Marion Pediatrics. Dr. Rao, a loyal, dedicated, and pas-sionate physician became the first pe-diatrician in Marion County when he opened his pediatric practice in 1978. He chose Marion County due to high infant mortality rates and the great need for pediatric services in the com-munity. Dr. Rao has served as a pillar to this rural community, as evidenced by the generations of families he has provided health care to over the years. Many parents of today’s patients were ini-tially patients of his themselves. Dr. Rao’s legacy will forever be defined not just by his work but by the people he touched in this community, some of the State’s most vulnerable and under-served populations. I wish to recognize both him and his wife, Sochetha, for epitomizing the very best of the Palmetto State. I wish Dr. Rao well on his retirement; he has earned it.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING LARSON CHIROPRACTIC ∑Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, from time to time, I will be coming for-ward to recognize a small business from Alaska that has made contribu-tions to our community. This month, I wish to recognize Lar-son Chiropractic, a small business in Wasilla, AK, that does big things. Lar-son Chiropractic exemplifies the things that small businesses can do to benefit a community, a State, and our coun-try. First, let me say that small business truly is the backbone of our economy and our communities, and we should be doing all we can do in DC to support small businesses and the entrepreneur-ship and innovation that creates them. Small businesses owners and those who work for them have ties to the commu-nity. They know community needs, and they work to fulfill those needs. Larson Chiropractic is a family busi-ness committed to improving the health care and lifestyles of Mat-Su Valley residents. Dr. Dan Larson start-ed the company in 1991, and now his son, Dr. Kris Larson, owns Larson Chiropractic and Back in Action Phys-ical Therapy. The company is fully Alaskan-owned and operated, and though it is small, the effect on the local community is anything but. Larson Chiropractic focuses on fam-ily-oriented chiropractic health care that emphasizes effective pain relief without the use of drugs and promoting wellness care through prevention, spe-cializing in sports treatment. Their community service centers around their commitment to the area high school athletes. The business is also heavily involved in the annual food drive during Hunger Action Month. Dr. Kris Larson volunteers countless hours at high school sporting events, dealing with injuries on scene, free of charge and, preventing the need for ex-pensive treatment and recovery time later. The staff have also become reg-ular fixtures at sporting events throughout the region, donating time and resources to sporting programs in each high school. Even retired founder Dr. Dan fills in at the clinic when needed and during September assists student athletes and coaches from Wasilla High School every Friday night. From football sea-son, he transitions into basketball sea-son, often traveling with the teams to make sure they are always ready to compete. Dr. Dan also started the Doc Larson Roundball Classic Tournament at the school to give athletes exposure to new people, more basketball, and to give back to the community. Larson Chiro-practic and Back in Action Physical Therapy staff a therapy room at Wasilla High for the entire tour-nament, providing free care to all ath-letes present, no matter where their team is from. Finally, Larson Chiropractic cares about the community beyond sports medicine. For Hunger Action Month, the business hosts a food drive to help residents of the Mat-Su Valley, cov-ering the cost of admission to the Wasilla High varsity football match-up for anyone who donates two or more food items and continuing the drive in the clinic’s lobby and waiting area. They also educate their patients, placing ‘‘Real People, Real Stories’’ displays inside examination rooms pro-viding the stories of community mem-bers who suffer food insecurity and how food drives help to ensure brighter fu-tures for those in need. Larson Chiropractic cares about the community and cares about the com-munity caring about the community. They have demonstrated a tireless, selfless drive to give back and an inspi-rational enthusiasm. Their commit-ment to creating better lives for the residents of the Mat-Su area has bene-fitted this Alaskan community for many years and hopefully will continue to do so for many more.∑ f 
REMEMBERING DAN SOSA, JR. ∑Mr. UDALL. Madam President, I wish to commemorate the life of Jus-tice Dan Sosa, Jr. On September 4, New Mexico lost an accomplished jurist, combat veteran, and champion of the Hispanic community. It is with great sympathy and respect that I honor this beloved Las Crucen. Justice Sosa dedicated his long life to serving others. And thanks to news coverage of his life, I am able to share some details about his background and history. Shortly after enrolling at New Mexico A&M, he enlisted in the Air Force. When he returned home from World War II with 35 successful combat missions under his belt, Justice Sosa finished his undergraduate degree and spent a year teaching at Mesilla Ele-mentary before enrolling in the Univer-sity of New Mexico Law School. It was there that he met and married the love of his life, Rita. After graduating from law school, he returned to Las Cruces to start his own practice. He served as an assistant dis-trict attorney and city judge before being elected district attorney of Dona Ana, Otero, and Lincoln Counties in 1956, becoming the first Hispanic to ever serve in that position. Justice Sosa’s efforts to break down barriers for fellow Hispanics went far beyond his personal trailblazing. After completing two terms as district attor-ney, in 1965, he helped found the Mexi-can American Legal Defense and Edu-cation Fund, or MALDEF, an organiza-tion aimed at protecting the legal rights of Hispanics in America and pro-moting educational opportunities. Justice Sosa is best known for his tenure on the New Mexico State Su-preme Court. He was appointed to the court in 1975 and left as its chief justice in 1991. He remains one of the longest serving justices in the State court’s history. Throughout his storied career, Jus-tice Sosa never forgot about the Las Cruces community he called home. In fact, he passed away in the very same adobe house he was born in on Novem-ber 12, 1923. His commitment to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.046 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6266 September 29, 2016 
principles he learned from his family and community guided his great life and helped him build a towering exam-ple for generations of New Mexicans. Justice Sosa leaves behind his wife, Rita, his sister Lucia, 7 children, 26 grandchildren, and 31 great-grand-children, and I extend my deepest con-dolences to his family and friends. He served his community, his State, and his country with honor. New Mexico will miss Justice Dan Sosa, Jr., a hum-ble and dedicated public servant. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:01 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, without amendment): 
S. Con. Res. 53. Concurrent resolution di-recting the Clerk of the House of Representa-tives to make a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 5325. 
The message further announced that the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con Res. 166. Concurrent resolution pro-viding for a conditional adjournment of the House of Representatives. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 6094. An act to provide for a 6-month delay in the effective date of a rule of the Department of Labor relating to income thresholds for determining overtime pay for executive, administrative, professional, out-side sales, and computer employees. 
The message further announced that the House agree to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 5325) mak-ing appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 10:05 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 5325. An act making continuing appro-priations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ) announced that on today, Sep-tember 29, 2016, he signed the following enrolled bills, which were previously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
S. 1004. An act to amend title 36, United States Code, to encourage the nationwide ob-servance of two minutes of silence each Vet-erans Day. S. 1698. An act to exclude payments from State eugenics compensation programs from consideration in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits. S. 1878. An act to extend the pediatric pri-ority review voucher program. S. 2683. An act to include disabled veteran leave in the personnel management system of the Federal Aviation Administration. H.R. 2494. An act to support global anti- poaching efforts, strengthen the capacity of partner countries to counter wildlife traf-ficking, designate major wildlife trafficking countries, and for other purposes. At 12:56 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 5303. An act to provide for improve-ments to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 954. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt from the in-dividual mandate certain individuals who had coverage under a terminated qualified health plan funded through the Consumer Operated and Oriented Plan (CO–OP) pro-gram. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bills were read the first time: 
H.R. 6094. An act to provide for a 6-month delay in the effective date of a rule of the Department of Labor relating to income thresholds for determining overtime pay for executive, administrative, professional, out-side sales, and computer employees. S. 3464. A bill to provide incremental in-creases to the salary threshold for exemp-tions for executive, administrative, profes-sional, outside sales, and computer employ-ees under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, and for other purposes. f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, September 29, 2016, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 1004. An act to amend title 36, United States Code, to encourage the nationwide ob-servance of two minutes of silence each Vet-erans Day. S. 1698. An act to exclude payments from State eugenics compensation programs from consideration in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits. S. 1878. An act to extend the pediatric pri-ority review voucher program. S. 2683. An act to include disabled veteran leave in the personnel management system of the Federal Aviation Administration. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2763. A bill to provide the victims of Hol-ocaust-era persecution and their heirs a fair opportunity to recover works of art con-fiscated or misappropriated by the Nazis. INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. DAINES: S. 3460. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide certain limitations on the designation and use of national monu-ments; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. KIRK: S. 3461. A bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to refund or credit certain excess payments made to the Com-mission; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. S COTT, and Mr. F
LAKE ): S. 3462. A bill to provide for a 6-month delay in the effective date of a rule of the Department of Labor relating to income thresholds for determining overtime pay for executive, administrative, professional, out-side sales, and computer employees; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. JOHNSON: S. 3463. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt student workers for purposes of determining a higher edu-cation institution’s employer health care shared responsibility; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. S COTT, and Mr. F
LAKE ): S. 3464. A bill to provide incremental in-creases to the salary threshold for exemp-tions for executive, administrative, profes-sional, outside sales, and computer employ-ees under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, and for other purposes; read the first time. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ): S. 3465. A bill to amend the Export Admin-istration Act of 1979 to include in the prohi-bitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boycotts fostered by inter-national governmental organizations against Israel and to direct the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. PAUL: S. 3466. A bill to allow sponsors of certain new drug applications to rely upon investiga-tions conducted in certain foreign countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. 3467. A bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an exemp-tion for companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS ): S. 3468. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to expand tax credit education and training for small businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.051 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6267 September 29, 2016 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. B ENNET , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mrs. B OXER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S
CHUMER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Ms. C ANTWELL , and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ): S. Res. 590. A resolution commemorating 100 years of health care services provided by Planned Parenthood; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , and Mr. C OTTON ): S. Res. 591. A resolution designating the week of October 9 through October 15, 2016, as ‘‘National Case Management Week’’ to recognize the role of case management in improving health care outcomes for patients; considered and agreed to. By Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. B
OOK-
ER, Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. B ROWN ): S. Res. 592. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the month of Sep-tember 2016 as ‘‘Sickle Cell Disease Aware-ness Month’’ in order to educate commu-nities across the United States about sickle cell disease and the need for research, early detection methods, effective treatments, and preventative care programs with respect to sickle cell disease; considered and agreed to. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ): S. Res. 593. A resolution designating Sep-tember 22, 2016, as ‘‘National Falls Preven-tion Awareness Day’’ to raise awareness and encourage the prevention of falls among older adults; considered and agreed to. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. W
ICKER ): S. Res. 594. A resolution expressing support for designation of the third Saturday in Oc-tober 2016 as ‘‘National Animal Rescue Day’’ to create awareness of and educate individ-uals on the importance of adoption of ani-mals, to create a humane environment for any pet, and to encourage animal adoptions throughout the United States; considered and agreed to. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. V
ITTER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. F ISCHER , Ms. H
IRONO , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. C OONS , Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. P ETERS ): S. Res. 595. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Veterans Small Business Week; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. K
IRK, and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. Res. 596. A resolution designating Sep-tember 2016 as ‘‘Pulmonary Fibrosis Aware-ness Month’’; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. G RASSLEY , and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. Res. 597. A resolution designating Sep-tember 2016 as ‘‘National Kinship Care Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. K
IRK, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. F
RANKEN , and Ms. M URKOWSKI ): S. Res. 598. A resolution designating Octo-ber 2016 as ‘‘Filipino American History Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. R
OB-
ERTS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. W
ICKER ): S. Res. 599. A resolution expressing support for the designation of October 20, 2016, as the ‘‘National Day on Writing’’; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. R EED, Mr. DONNELLY , Mr. K IRK, Mr. P ETERS , and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. Res. 600. A resolution designating the week of September 26 through 30, 2016, as ‘‘National Adult Education and Family Lit-eracy Week’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. Res. 601. A resolution designating Sep-tember 2016 as ‘‘National Dystonia Aware-ness Month’’ and raising awareness and un-derstanding of the disorder of dystonia; con-sidered and agreed to. By Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. R EID, Mr. U DALL , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. M
IKULSKI , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mrs. B
OXER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. Res. 602. A resolution supporting the in-clusion and meaningful engagement of Latinos in environmental protection and conservation efforts; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S. Res. 603. A resolution designating the week beginning on the first Friday after Thanksgiving in 2016 as ‘‘National Electronic Payments Week’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KIRK: S. Res. 604. A resolution expressing support for the designation of November 2016 as ‘‘Na-tional Bladder Health Month’’; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. N ELSON ): S. Res. 605. A resolution honoring Arnold Palmer; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. B OOZMAN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. I NHOFE , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. E
NZI, and Mr. L ANKFORD ): S. Res. 606. A resolution honoring the memories and legacies of the 3 law enforce-ment officers who lost their lives in the at-tack on July 17, 2016, in Baton Rouge, Lou-isiana, condemning that attack, and recog-nizing the heroism of law enforcement per-sonnel and first responders; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. B URR, and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. Res. 607. A resolution recognizing the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency on its 20th anniversary; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. R EED, Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. B
OXER , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): S. Res. 608. A resolution designating the week of September 17 through September 24, 2016, as ‘‘National Estuaries Week’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mr. C
ASSIDY ): S. Res. 609. A resolution honoring the memories and heroic actions of those killed, injured, and affected by the fatal bus crash in Laplace, Louisiana, on August 28, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Ms. STA-
BENOW , Mr. B URR, Mr. B LUNT , Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. K ING, Mr. C OONS , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. D AINES , Mr. C ARDIN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. P
ETERS , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. K
IRK, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. S COTT, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. T HUNE , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. H
OEVEN ): S. Res. 610. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the first Friday in Oc-tober 2016 as ‘‘Manufacturing Day’’; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. Res. 611. A resolution supporting the designation of October 8, 2016, as ‘‘40 Years of Women Cadets at the United States Air Force Academy Day’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, and Mr. C OONS ): S. Res. 612. A resolution recognizing the Weatherization Assistance Program during its 40th anniversary year for its history of reducing the energy costs of families with low incomes, making low-income households healthier and safer, positively impacting the environment, and supporting jobs and new technology; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. C
OCH-
RAN, and Mrs. S HAHEEN ): S. Res. 613. A resolution recognizing the 50th anniversary of North Mississippi Rural Legal Services in Oxford, Mississippi; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ): S. Con. Res. 55. A concurrent resolution commemorating the 100th anniversary of the 1916 opening of the Texas A&M College of Veterinary Medicine & Biomedical Sciences and the 2016 opening of the new Texas A&M Veterinary & Biomedical Education complex in College Station, Texas; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing services to children with medically complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insur-ance Program through a care coordina-tion program focused on improving health outcomes for children with medically complex conditions and low-ering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of pharmacist services. 
S. 843 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.010 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6268 September 29, 2016 
of S. 843, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a pe-riod of receipt of outpatient observa-tion services in a hospital toward satis-fying the 3-day inpatient hospital re-quirement for coverage of skilled nurs-ing facility services under Medicare. 
S. 1714 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1714, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1831, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 2216 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2216, a bill to provide immu-nity from suit for certain individuals who disclose potential examples of fi-nancial exploitation of senior citizens, and for other purposes. 
S. 2551 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2551, a bill to help prevent acts of genocide and mass atrocities, which threaten national and international se-curity, by enhancing United States ci-vilian capacities to prevent and miti-gate such crises. 
S. 2595 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2595, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 2867 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2867, a bill to amend the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 to establish an Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation and a Small Business Capital Formation Ad-visory Committee, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2895 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2895, a bill to extend the civil statute of limitations for victims of Federal sex offenses. 
S. 3021 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3021, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the use of Post-9/11 Educational Assist-ance to pursue independent study pro-grams at certain educational institu-tions that are not institutions of high-er learning. S. 3034 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3034, a bill to prohibit the National Telecommunications and Information Administration from allowing the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority functions contract to lapse unless spe-cifically authorized to do so by an Act of Congress. 
S. 3065 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3065, a bill to amend parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to invest in funding pre-vention and family services to help keep children safe and supported at home, to ensure that children in foster care are placed in the least restrictive, most family-like, and appropriate set-tings, and for other purposes. 
S. 3198 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3198, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans. 
S. 3244 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3244, a bill to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to clarify the treatment of pediatric dental coverage in the individual and group markets outside of Exchanges es-tablished under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 3304 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3304, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to im-prove the Veterans Crisis Line. 
S. 3374 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3374, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a reduced excise tax rate for portable, electroni-cally-aerated bait containers. 
S. 3391 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3391, a bill to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act. 
S. 3405 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3405, a bill to transfer cer-tain items from the United States Mu-nitions List to the Commerce Control List. S. 3407 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3407, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to facilitate assignment of military trauma care providers to ci-vilian trauma centers in order to main-tain military trauma readiness and to support such centers, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3414 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3414, a bill to condition assistance to the West Bank and Gaza on steps by the Palestinian Authority to end violence and terrorism against Israeli citizens. 
S. 3449 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3449, a bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a pro-gram for labeling cultural property of Iraq or Syria legally entering the United States. 
S. RES. 432 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 432, a resolution supporting re-spect for human rights and encour-aging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. 
S. RES. 535 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 535, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the traf-ficking of illicit fentanyl into the United States from Mexico and China. 
S. RES. 536 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 536, a resolution proclaiming the week of October 30 through November 5, 2016, as ‘‘National Obesity Care Week’’. 
S. RES. 579 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 579, a resolu-tion recognizing the 40th Anniversary of the first class of women admitted to the Coast Guard Academy. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIIONS By Mr. DAINES: S. 3460. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide certain limitations on the designation and use of national monuments; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.013 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6269 September 29, 2016 
There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3460 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Local Com-munity and Sportsmen Input in Monuments Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DESIGNATION AND USE OF NATIONAL MONUMENTS. 
Section 320301 of title 54, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘The President may, in the President’s discre-tion,’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (e), the President may’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
ONSULTATION AND APPROVAL RE-
QUIRED BEFORE DESIGNATION .—No national monument may be designated under sub-section (a) until— ‘‘(1) each county, borough, parish, or equiv-alent unit of local government within and adjacent to the boundaries of which the pro-posed national monument is to be located— ‘‘(A) has been consulted with respect to the designation; and ‘‘(B) has approved the designation; and ‘‘(2) the Governor and legislature of each State within the boundaries of which the proposed national monument is to be located has approved the proposed national monu-ment. ‘‘(f) R
ESTRICTIONS ON USE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any national monument designated under subsection (a) shall be open to hunting, fishing, other forms of recre-ation, grazing, and other historic or tradi-tional uses in accordance with applicable law, unless the Secretary concerned closes all or a portion of the national monument to 1 or more of those uses, in accordance with the purposes of this chapter. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW PERIOD .—The Secretary shall not impose any restriction on hunting, fish-ing, grazing, wildlife management, or other historic or traditional uses at a national monument designated under subsection (a) until the date of expiration of an appropriate review period, as determined by the Sec-retary, providing for, with respect to the proposed restriction, the concurrence by ap-plicable State wildlife management agen-cies, public input, and approval by Con-gress.’’. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for him-self, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. S COTT, and Mr. F
LAKE ): S. 3464. A bill to provide incremental increases to the salary threshold for exemptions for executive, administra-tive, professional, outside sales, and computer employees under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, and for other purposes; read the first time. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, Senate offices have been hearing about something called the overtime rule on a daily basis. We are hearing about it from colleges, universities, Boy Scout troops, church camps, other nonprofits, employers, and employees who don’t like to be suddenly considered employ-ees who punch a timecard. Today, I would like to talk about ac-tion that Congress can take to change the effect of the overtime rule the ad-ministration issued that will go into effect in December unless we do some-thing. The Senator from Oklahoma, Mr. LANKFORD , and the Senator from Maine, Ms. C
OLLINS , introduced legisla-tion that would delay for 6 months the implementation of the rule. I cospon-sored that legislation and I fully sup-port it. Yesterday, the House of Representa-tives passed a bill with that same lan-guage which would delay for 6 months the implementation of the rule. That would be my preferred solution. Today I am introducing another piece of legislation that addresses the problems with the overtime rule that I hope will gather more bipartisan sup-port. A similar bill was introduced in the House by Democrat Representative K
URT SCHRADER of Oregon and is co-sponsored by 10 Democrats and 7 Re-publicans. My hope is that when we come back in November, Senators on both sides of the aisle will have heard from their Boy Scout troops, from their colleges and universities, from their restaurants, and from their em-ployees, who say: Wait a minute, this overtime rule makes no sense the way it is being implemented. Do something in November to change its negative ef-fect on our country. I am introducing a bill today with the cosponsorship of Senator C
OLLINS  of Maine, Senator L
ANKFORD of Okla-homa, Senator S
COTT of South Caro-lina, and Senator F
LAKE of Arizona that will protect America’s nonprofits, churches, colleges, and communities from the effect of the administration’s overtime rule that will go into effect on December 1 unless we act. When we talk about employers that will be affected by overtime, we are talking about Operation Smile, which is a charity that funds cleft palate op-erations for children. Operation Smile says this rule may cost them at least 3,000 surgeries a year. The effect of this rule may mean 3,000 children won’t have surgeries each year for cleft pal-ates because of the cost of this regula-tion. We are talking about the Great Smoky Mountain Council of Boy Scouts. That is my home Boy Scout council where I grew up and where I live. They are telling me the new rule will result in about $100,000 in annual costs because during certain seasons employees staff weekend camping trips, which mean longer hours. That is what you do in Boy Scouts, Mr. Presi-dent—you go on camping trips. And they are not 8-hour trips most of the time. If you are going to start saying they have to pay overtime to Scout masters and others you are going to have fewer boys and girls having a chance for Scouting. Senator I
SAKSON of Georgia spoke on the floor about a phone call he received from the pastor at Johnson Ferry Bap-tist Church in Marietta, one of the largest Baptist churches in Georgia. That church provides daycare, early childhood development, and sports ac-tivities at Vacation Bible School, a 24/ 7 program for underprivileged kids in the Atlanta area. Under the overtime rule that goes into effect in December, a camp counselor for their Vacation Bible School will have to be paid over-time for many hours of the day when they are with the children, even if they are sleeping. So this rule could price the Johnson Ferry Baptist Church out of the business of providing Bible school church camp for underprivileged children. So there will be fewer cleft palate op-erations, fewer Scouting opportunities, and fewer church camp opportunities for underprivileged children. Here’s what I mean by the overtime rule: Hourly workers in this country are usually paid overtime, but salaried workers generally don’t earn overtime unless they are making below a thresh-old set by the Labor Department and required by the Fair Labor Standards Act. Today that threshold is a little over $23,000. This new rule issued by the Obama administration just 4 months ago raises the threshold from just over $23,000 to over $47,000 all at once on December 1. In other words, in 3 months it will double. This is a 100- percent increase and on December 1, employers will have had only about 6 months to prepare for this, reclassify employees, put time clock systems in place, adjust workers’ schedules, and find new revenue to pay for all of this. It has thrown small businesses and col-leges into a panic in the State of Ten-nessee. One poll released this month found that 49 percent of business own-ers were not aware of the rule that goes into effect in 3 months. The legislation I am introducing today would stretch out over 5 years the administration’s increase in the salary threshold for overtime pay. I have not met many people who don’t believe the threshold ought to go up. I have not met many people who think that it ought to be doubled in 6 months and automatically increased every 3 years, or that it should jump so high and all at once. On December 1, under the legislation I am introducing, it would still in-crease significantly—from $23,660 to $35,984. This is about a 50-percent in-crease. This bill would modify a rule that many believe goes too high and too fast and will result in employers, nonprofits, colleges, and others cutting workers’ hours and limiting their workplace benefits and flexibility, as well as costing students more in tui-tion. If there is one subject I hear about on the Senate floor, it is Senators from both sides of the aisle saying college costs are too high. Yet the independent colleges and the public colleges of Ten-nessee have written me and they have detailed how the cost of this rule will have the effect of raising tuition by hundreds of dollars per student. So how can you go around complaining about college tuition increases on the one hand and on the other hand issue a rule that raises college tuition by hundreds of dollars in thousands of schools? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.006 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6270 September 29, 2016 
My bill will do four things: No. 1, it will modify the rule so that it is phased in over 5 years rather than all at once on December 1. Most people I talk to think it ought to go up, just as I have said, but they do not think it ought to go up all at once. There is no need for that, so phase it in over 5 years. No. 2, make a significant increase on December 1, but then prohibit an in-crease in 2017 to give employers and employees an opportunity to adjust while our independent government watchdog—the Government Account-ability Office, the GAO—studies the impact of the rule on American work-ers after the first year of implementa-tion. So what I have said is that on De-cember 1, the threshold goes up 50 per-cent, and then for 1 year it doesn’t go up at all while the GAO studies the im-pact of that increase on colleges, church camps, businesses, workers, and others. No. 3, it would clarify that the ad-ministration does not have the author-ity to automatically increase the over-time threshold, which is currently set to occur automatically every 3 years, starting in 2020. No. 4, it would require a study of the rule’s impact after the first year of im-plementation. If the study finds the impact is negative, the bill will exempt certain employers from future in-creases—nonprofits, including church-es, colleges, and universities; State and local governments; many Medicaid and Medicare eligible facilities, such as nursing homes or facilities serving in-dividuals with disabilities. These are employers who can’t just raise prices. They are dependent on tax dollars or on charitable donations. And if they are in trouble because of this rule, our communities will lose critical services—surgeries for cleft palates, Scouting opportunities, church camps for underprivileged kids, and others. This is not a partisan proposal. My bill is very similar to a bill introduced by House Democrat K
URTSCHRADER of Oregon and cosponsored by 10 Demo-crats and 7 Republicans. So my hope is that our Democratic colleagues will take a look at this bill and say that this is a reasonable, bipartisan pro-posal to apply more common sense to the overtime rule when it comes to the employees, employers, and nonprofits that serve our country. Without these bills, on December 1, the salary threshold for overtime pay will more than double, from just over $23,000 to over $47,000. Representative K
URTSCHRADER , a Democrat, when he introduced his bill, said the following: 
Since the Department of Labor’s imme-diate phase-in date was announced, we’ve heard from business owners and their em-ployees who are worried about implementing this increase overnight. Without sufficient time to plan for the increase, cuts and demo-tions will become inevitable, and workers will actually end up making less than they made before. 
Democratic Representative S CHRA -
DER has 10 Democrats as cosponsors, including Congressman JIMCOOPER  from my State of Tennessee, who said: 
I am hearing from lots of Middle Ten-nesseans who are worried about how this new rule will affect them. The overtime rule hadn’t been adjusted in years and needed up-dating. But it’s good to make commonsense changes and add flexibility so the rule works for all businesses and workers can actually have a chance to get ahead. We don’t want to see lost hours or shifts in job responsibility. 
I congratulate Senator C OLLINS of Maine and Senator L
ANKFORD of Okla-homa for the legislation they intro-duced to delay the overtime rule’s ef-fect for 6 months. I support that bill, and I am glad the House of Representa-tives last night passed that bill, but I am also introducing this alternative for those in the body—especially my Democratic friends—who might not be willing to delay the implementation of the overtime rule, who believe it should go up, who believe it should go up as high as the President has pro-posed but not as fast as the President has proposed, and who believe the rule has created a problem for nonprofits, such as the Boy Scouts, or surgeries for cleft palates or church camps. I hope they will seriously consider the pro-posal I have made today, along with Senators C
OLLINS , LANKFORD , SCOTT, and F
LAKE . Over the next 5 weeks between now and the election, we will all be home. We will have a chance to see our Boy Scout leaders. We will have a chance to see our doctors and visit our churches. We can go by our colleges and ask how much this is going to raise the tuition at Maryville College, the University of Tennessee, the University of Wyoming, or wherever we may be. And if the fact is that most Americans feel that to im-pose this salary threshold on December 1 is too high and too fast, there will be two alternatives when we come back. One is to delay the rule for 6 months, and the other is to raise the threshold just as high as the President proposed but do it over 5 years. Take half of the increase in the first year, no increase the second year, and exempt non-profits, state and local governments, and many Medicare- and Medicaid-eli-gible facilities if they are negatively affected. This is similar to the com-monsense proposal that Congressman C
OOPER talked about, that 11 Demo-crats as well as 7 Republicans have signed on to in the House, and that I hope will have serious consideration here. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I wish to join Senator A
LEXANDER in dis-cussing this overtime rule. As he mentioned multiple times, Senator C
OLLINS and I dropped a com-panion bill here in the Senate that was passed in the House that delays the overtime rule’s implementation by 6 months. As he also mentioned, I am most certainly a cosponsor of his bill as well. That is another approach, and, quite frankly, we are all looking for different approaches to be able to ac-complish something that needs to be done and needs to be done imme-diately; that is, to address a regulation which has been put in place that can have serious, I believe, unintended con-sequences but most certainly serious consequences across our economy. That is not an accusation that this administration wants to be able to damage the economy, wants to be able to damage small businesses, or wants to be able to damage universities and nonprofits. But I believe absolutely that is what is occurring. I am con-cerned, though, that the administra-tion seems to have been deaf to the message that has come up over and over again from many of us in the Con-gress to be able to highlight that these are serious issues. Have you evaluated them? The Small Business Administration even has real concerns that the data they presented to the Department of Labor was not used, and the advocate for small businesses within the Depart-ment of Labor is challenging the De-partment of Labor to say: Why didn’t you use the data that we provided to be able to evaluate this? There are a lot of questions about how the regulation itself was promul-gated or what the end goal is, but let me tell you what the real consequences are on the ground. I will give a couple of hypothetical situations, and then I will go into some practical ones. Right now, a single mom with a cou-ple of kids at home is able to telecom-mute into work a couple of days from her particular job as maybe a sales marketing manager. She can be in the office for 3 days, telecommute a couple of days, save child care costs, and this gives her some flexibility. Under this rule, those same places would not typi-cally allow someone to telecommute because they have to see exactly the hours that someone is working. So she would have to physically be present in the office every day so the work hours could be tracked, removing that flexi-bility and causing her increased child care costs and actually moving her to more of a situation where she is in a more structured environment, less suitable for her kids. I will give another thought on this. What if we reach into a situation that many of us face as many of the millennials now leaving college are going into the workforce, well-trained, well-equipped, wanting to get an assist-ant manager’s position or wanting to be able to work into a salaried posi-tion. It will be much more difficult for those individuals coming out of college now to land a salaried position be-cause, overall, companies around the country that are hiring don’t want to hire salaried positions anymore; they want to be able to hire hourly people. So it will be tougher for the generation coming out of college right now to be able to land in those early manage-ment positions. Is that a hypothetical situation? No. I would say it is already occurring. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.001 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6271 September 29, 2016 
is already happening around the coun-try. When I was home in August, trav-eling around the State, this overtime regulation was the No. 1 question that came up when I talked to any business owner, any business person, any man-ager. The first thing they raised was the coming overtime rule, both in its complexity and in trying to figure out how to be able to actually implement this into the cost of their business. The conversations were already occurring with employees where they were mov-ing someone from a salaried position to an hourly position, and their employ-ees hated it because they liked working to a spot where they were in a salaried position. During the August time period, I had a conversation with a youth pastor at a church. That youth pastor said they had left a conversation with their pas-tor just a couple of days before in which their pastor said: You are going to have to start documenting your hours—each hour that you are actually working with kids, even your time at home that you are preparing a Bible study to actually teach the kids—be-cause we can’t afford for you to go over 40 hours. This is someone who feels a calling to be able to work with students, and lit-erally their pastor has to tell them: I know you want to help. You can’t help more than 40 hours. Most youth pastors don’t go into youth ministry because they anticipate getting wealthy in it. They go into it because of a sense of calling and passion to be able to help students. This regulation is telling that person: Turn down your passion to work with the next generation. You are limited in what you can actually do, and, if you choose to volunteer beyond that, you put your employer, that church, at risk. The Osage Nation—their HR folks, William Scott Johnson, said this: 
I’m an HR professional at the Osage Nation and am concerned about the impact that changes to the overtime regulations will have on my organization and employees. NAFOA has heard from tribal governments who are concerned the use of a single na-tional salary threshold would adversely af-fect already limited revenues, especially for tribes in rural areas. 
From the YWCA battered women’s shelter: 
I’m a human resource (HR) committee member at the YWCA Battered Women’s Shelter and am concerned about the impact that changes to the overtime regulations will have on this nonprofit organization and employees. All employees make less than $50,000 except top management. The impact of this new legislation could be catastrophic for payroll as employees will have to be moved from exempt to non-exempt status simply due to the salary base being proposed. 
The Counseling & Recovery Services of Tulsa, Oklahoma, wrote me: 
I am the executive human resource (HR) professional at Counseling & Recovery Serv-ices of Oklahoma, a nonprofit community mental health center, and am concerned about the impact that changes to the over-time regulations will have on my organiza-tion and employees. As a nonprofit, our agency is clinical staffing heavy; thus, about 80% of our workforce . . . will be impacted. The costs to meet the proposed regulations are expected to be in the 100s of thousands [of dollars] and will have a devastating im-pact to the community mental health indus-try overall. I received a note from a small busi-ness owner in Edmond, right in my hometown. They said: 
The proposed changes will require us to make significant changes [in the way we do business]. If the proposed salary threshold moves forward, we will be forced to change all our employees to hourly, which will re-sult in the elimination of our bonus pro-gram. Our salaried managers make a signifi-cant amount of their income based on per-formance bonuses. Calculating bonuses for employees that have potential overtime is extremely complicated, labor intensive and opens up a huge liability risk if miscalcula-tions occur. 
One of the universities in my State wrote me and said about this rule: 
Essentially, it would turn millions of dol-lars of professional, salaried jobs into hourly positions overnight, resulting in limited flexibility for workers and increased costs for colleges, universities, other nonprofits and public-sector employers that operate on very tight budgets as we attempt to keep the cost of education as low as possible for con-stituents. We do not disagree that overtime rules need to be updated to ensure the law remains relevant for today’s workforce. But we’re deeply concerned about the unintended con-sequences of a massive increase in such a narrow implementation window which will impose serious hardships on our students, employees and institutions. 
Last week, I met with leadership of the Department of Labor in a hearing. We discussed this exact issue. I talked about nonprofits and what a unique dy-namic they really are. Nonprofits actu-ally raise money based on their low ad-ministrative costs. They can tell do-nors: The money that you give will get directly to the individuals who need it most because our administrative over-head is low. This overtime regulation will increase their administrative over-head and will make it harder for them to raise money. When I raised that issue to the De-partment of Labor, the officials of the Department of Labor told me: We un-derstand that, so we met with the lead-ership of some of the nonprofit founda-tions around the country and told them that they should donate more to be able to cover the increased costs. That has to be one of the most out- of-touch statements I have ever heard from someone in the Federal Govern-ment. In shock, my response was to say: Do you know how many hundreds of thousands of nonprofits are in the country? You met with a few founda-tions and told those foundations that they should donate more to be able to cover, when almost every church and almost every small nonprofit around the country that deals with mental health, that deals with domestic vio-lence shelters are not tapping into big, massive foundations. They are individ-uals within communities that donate, and they anticipate their donations are going to help those of greatest need. The people who work in those non-profits are most often volunteers, but the very few numbers of individuals within the nonprofits who are paid sal-aries make a meager salary because they choose to—because they have a passion for the work of helping in do-mestic shelters or helping at a church or helping reach out to people who are in poverty or helping with a clothing shelter or a food pantry. Now you are forcing those organizations to dramati-cally increase salaries, which will dra-matically decrease services to those in greatest need across our country. I am astounded that the administra-tion believes they can talk to a few people in a few foundations and just tell them: Donate more, and that will fix this. There aren’t more donors to just donate more. There are real needs in a lot of com-munities around the country. Small business owners that I have spoken to of late all tell me about the complexity of this. It is not just a matter of every employee. There is a tremendous num-ber of exemptions as they work through the process. They want more time, and they don’t like the cost in-crease. They don’t like what this is doing to their relationships within their businesses, and they do not like telling salaried employees: I’m sorry, you’re going to have to move to hour-ly. All of this headache was created by an administration that knew all of this in advance. The letters that I read ear-lier—those letters that were written to me I presented to the Department of Labor a year ago. The Secretary of Labor assured me they would take those things into account. We have seen the final rule. I can assure you, they were not taken into account. As tuition goes up in universities, this administration needs to stop com-plaining about the high cost of tuition in higher education because this over-time rule will directly increase the cost of tuition in every university in the country. On the day the final rule was pro-posed, the first text message I received about it was from a university presi-dent who texted me and said: Don’t blame me next year when tuition goes up. There is no way I can stop it now. I responded back to him: Don’t blame me for this overtime rule. This is not one we put in statute. This is one the administration created. All of us want to see workers pro-tected. All of us want to see things happen well in the United States. But the way this rule was implemented, the short period of time in the implemen-tation, the size of the salary increase, and the few exemptions that are put into place have created an incredibly toxic effect for business across the country, whether it is a large business, medium business, small business, uni-versity, nonprofit—and I haven’t even mentioned local government, which will be forced to raise taxes to be able to cover the cost of this. All of them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.002 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6272 September 29, 2016 
are dramatically affected, and all of them are affected in a short period of time. This is why Senator C
OLLINS and I proposed a bill that lines up with what the House has already passed to say: Delay this 6 months. Most businesses are just trying to figure out what in the world they do with this and how they handle the implementation. Delay it for 6 months. I would say there is a tremendous amount we have to deal with on top of just the delay, but at a minimum let’s delay it. There is no reason it has to go into effect right now, and it directly harms our economy in the days ahead. These are serious issues. I hope the administration will take them seri-ously and understand the effect on the coming economy. I am very well aware that this administration will be out of office when most of the economic ef-fects will be felt. But the economic ef-fects will most certainly be felt by this economy, and the long-term effects for those individuals graduating from col-lege right now, trying to land their first job in management, will be even tougher based on this one rule. There is no reason to do that to the next gen-eration of leaders. There is no reason to raise tuition in every college. There is no reason to do this rule right now. I would challenge it to be readdressed and, at a minimum, to be delayed for 6 months. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I join my colleagues to call for action to pre-vent the version of the overtime rule that the U.S. Department of Labor fi-nalized this past May from going into effect on December 1. I want to com-mend Chairman A
LEXANDER , Senator S
COTT, and Senator L ANKFORD for their leadership in this area. Federal regulations can impose unex-pected and costly requirements on small businesses, educational institu-tions, and nonprofit organizations. The new U.S. Department of Labor rule on overtime pay is a prime example that could harm the very workers it intends to help, cause small businesses to curb hiring, and force universities and col-leges to either raise tuition or cut pro-grams. The new rule will double the annual salary threshold from $23,660 to $47,476 for mandatory overtime, effective De-cember 1. While it is time for a reasonable up-date in the threshold, doubling the threshold overnight and with so little time for employers to prepare will have negative consequences. I have spoken with small businesses, educational in-stitutions, and nonprofit organizations across Maine, and it is clear that this huge and sudden increase in the thresh-old is far too much and too fast. Rather than producing bigger paychecks, this new rule is likely to produce reduced hours, benefits, and flexibility for Maine workers. Many small employers in Maine have told me that they do not have the mar-gins to pay overtime to salaried em-ployees earning up to $47,476. Some will have to shift their employees to hourly positions. Formerly salaried employees used to flexibility in their work sched-ules will have to track closely each hour they work each week, instead of being able to leave work to pick up a child at school without worrying about the impact on their paycheck. The new rule is also a problem for those seasonal businesses in Maine that make an effort to keep their em-ployees on the payroll all year round. In the summer and fall, these employ-ees often work for more than 40 hours a week, but in the winter and spring, they usually work far fewer than 40 hours a week. The current system al-lows them to have a constant, con-sistent year-round salary that they can count on. The new overtime rule would upend that and result in many workers being moved from salaried to hourly positions or even being let go during winter months. This will make it hard-er for workers to make ends meet and harder for employers to retain high- quality employees. Although the regulation is touted as a means of boosting employees’ pay, a study commissioned by the National Retail Federation found that most em-ployees would see no change in net pay. Instead, many employees would see their hours reduced to avoid overtime, while others would see their base wages, benefits, or bonus pay decreased in order the offset the added payroll ex-pense. Moreover, the National Federation of Independent Business, a leading voice for small business, has noted that the new overtime rule would particularly hurt small businesses in rural areas. The Maine Department of Labor be-lieves that the rule would have a dis-proportionate economic effect on Maine businesses, where salaries and the cost of living are not as high as in other regions of the country. For in-stance, the cost of living in Bangor is roughly 37 percent lower than in Wash-ington, DC. While $47,476 might seem like a reasonable threshold for an em-ployee living in a high-cost area like Washington, DC, it is the equivalent of a salary of more than $74,000 in Bangor. Businesses are not alone in their con-cern. Nonprofit organizations are also struggling with the impact on their workers and those whom they serve. The executive director for Habitat for Humanity in greater Portland states that the ‘‘new overtime rules will so drastically change our current com-pensation obligations that we may no longer be able to give our workers the benefits, schedules and other incen-tives that drew them to us in the first place.’’ And he notes that ‘‘services to those in need will be reduced and orga-nizational funding will decline as re-sources are spent on overhead instead of programs.’’ Indeed, nonprofit organizations would be among the hardest hit by this rule. Cutbacks in essential services are predicted by the Salvation Army, youth services providers, home health care services, and blood centers throughout the country. In addition, higher-education groups nationwide are urging the Department of Labor to take a more measured ap-proach. When the final rule was pub-lished last spring, Molly Corbett Broad, the president of the American Council on Education, noted that ‘‘requiring such a dramatic and costly change to be implemented so quickly will leave many colleges with no choice but to re-spond to this regulation with a com-bination of tuition increases, service reductions, and, possibly, layoffs.’’ She went on to note that those harmed by the new rule will include ‘‘a wide array of non-faculty employees— from athletics coaches and trainers to admissions recruiters and student af-fairs officers—whose work is not well suited to hourly wage status and who will face diminished workplace auton-omy and fewer opportunities for flexi-ble work arrangements and career de-velopment.’’ This is not a theoretical concern. The University of Maine system would face an estimated $14 million increase in an-nual operating costs if it restructured employees’ pay to maintain the exempt status of these workers. To avoid changes in its salary structure that could force tuition increases or threat-en university services, Maine’s Univer-sity System is conducting an arduous and costly position realignment that could still result in an increase in an-nual labor costs. The overtime threshold has not been increased in a number of years and should be raised, but doubling virtually overnight and with so little time for employers to prepare will be extremely costly and damaging to small busi-nesses, universities, nonprofit organi-zations, and so many other segments of our Nation’s economy and our society. That is why I am a cosponsor of the resolution of disapproval of this rule introduced by Chairman A
LEXANDER  and Senator S
COTT’s Protecting Work-place Advancement and Opportunity Act, which would ensure a balanced ap-proach to updating Federal overtime rules by requiring that any new regula-tion on overtime consider the impact on small business and nonprofits, dif-ferences in geographical regions, and impacts on lower-wage industries, startups, and workers. Today I am joining Chairman A
LEX-
ANDER in introducing legislation that would phase in a more reasonable in-crease to the overtime threshold over five years. I am also cosponsoring an-other bill introduced today by Senator L
ANKFORD that would delay the effec-tive date of the new rule by 6 months, from December 1, 2016, to June 1, 2017, to allow more time for Congress to work on this issue. The flurry of bills on this topic is in-dicative of just how much concern there is about the potential harm this rule could inflict on the very workers it intends to help, on small businesses, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.002 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6273 September 29, 2016 
on students, on nonprofits, and on countless others. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in rejecting this onerous and ill-advised rule. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 590—COM-MEMORATING 100 YEARS OF HEALTH CARE SERVICES PRO-VIDED BY PLANNED PARENT-HOOD Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mrs. M
UR-
RAY, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. B
ENNET , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mrs. B
OXER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. C ANTWELL , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 590 Whereas on October 16, 1916, Margaret San-ger, her sister Ethel Byrne, and their activ-ist friend Fania Mindell opened the first birth control health clinic in the United States in Brooklyn, New York, a groundbreaking and revolutionary act for women at that time; Whereas their clinic was founded on the idea that women should have the informa-tion and care they need to live strong, healthy lives and fulfill their dreams; Whereas Margaret Sanger in 1922 incor-porated the American Birth Control League and in 1923 opened the first legal birth con-trol center in the United States, the Birth Control Clinical Research Bureau, two orga-nizations that would later merge to become Planned Parenthood Federation of America; Whereas leading up to 1916, the two most common causes of death for women of child-bearing age in the United States were tuber-culosis and complications from pregnancy and childbirth; Whereas over the past 100 years, gains in access to birth control, safe and legal abor-tion, and other reproductive health services have improved and transformed the lives of women, men, and young people in the United States and around the world; Whereas for the past century, Planned Par-enthood has helped lead massive changes in women’s health and civil rights and has em-powered millions of women, men, and young people worldwide to make informed health decisions, transforming the way they live, love, learn, and work; Whereas Planned Parenthood has been at the forefront of fights for social change, in-cluding when the executive director of Planned Parenthood League of Connecticut challenged a law preventing the distribution of birth control, leading to the landmark 1964 Supreme Court ruling in Griswold v. Connecticut, 379 U.S. 926, which finally al-lowed married women across the country to have legal access to birth control; Whereas Planned Parenthood health care providers and staff have played important roles in increasing access to safe and legal abortion, and have successfully advocated for measures that increase access to birth control, including the Affordable Care Act requirement that private insurance plans provide coverage for birth control with no- out-of-pocket costs; Whereas many leaders, including those in the domestic and global reproductive health, rights, and justice communities, have worked alongside Planned Parenthood in ac-complishing these achievements; Whereas breakthroughs in women’s health care, such as the legalization and expanded availability of birth control, have been named one of the biggest economic advance-ments for women in the past 100 years; Whereas changes in women’s access to re-productive health care have led to cultural shifts: in the United States, women are now nearly half the workforce, the sole or pri-mary breadwinners in 40 percent of homes, and more than half of the college students; Whereas from the single Brooklyn clinic in 1916, Planned Parenthood has grown to ap-proximately 650 clinics across the United States, with partners in a dozen countries in Africa and Latin America; Whereas today Planned Parenthood proud-ly provides high-quality, affordable health care, with 90 percent of services provided being preventive health care for women, men, and young people; Whereas Planned Parenthood is the largest provider of sex education in the United States; Whereas an estimated 1 in 5 women in the United States have been to a Planned Par-enthood clinic for care at some point in their lives, and, for many people, a Planned Par-enthood clinic may be the only place they can turn to for health care; Whereas in a single year, Planned Parent-hood clinics provide sexual and reproductive health care, education, information, and out-reach to 2,500,000 women, men, and adoles-cents in the United States and almost 2,000,000 women, men, and young people glob-ally through its global programs and part-nerships, and over 72,000,000 people visit Planned Parenthood’s website; Whereas in the past 10 years, Planned Par-enthood has nearly doubled services for male patients and expanded services for LGBTQ communities; and Whereas Planned Parenthood’s commit-ment to offer care and resources has grown over the past century and is stronger than ever as it enters into its second century: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the wide-ranging preventive services that Planned Parenthood Federa-tion of America doctors, nurses, and staff provide every day to patients across the United States; (2) recognizes that Planned Parenthood is a safety-net provider that reaches medically underserved people who are critically in need of compassionate care; (3) declares that Planned Parenthood should not be defunded, attacked, or dis-criminated against for their role as a vital women’s health care provider across the country; and (4) affirms that Planned Parenthood re-mains an essential thread in the fabric of so-ciety, and it will be key in the next century to assisting millions of women, men, and young people in accessing the health care they need and deserve, no matter who they are or where they live. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, Congress has just passed a funding measure that will prevent a shutdown at the end of this week. As headlines across the country noted as the debate over this bill played out, it was delayed partly due to partisan attacks against wom-en’s health and one provider in par-ticular—Planned Parenthood—that were shoehorned into the debate once again. Colleagues, this year Planned Par-enthood turns 100 years old. You can-not look at the last 100 years and deny that monumental progress has been made with respect to women’s health and rights—thanks to strong allies like Planned Parenthood. But that progress is what some members of this body want to roll back. When the first Planned Parenthood opened in 1916, it was illegal for women to get information about how to pre-vent a pregnancy. It is not surprising that at the time, one of the leading causes of death for women in the United States was complications from pregnancy and childbirth. From the get-go, Planned Parent-hood said that women in America have a fundamental right to information about their reproductive health and ac-cess to care. It was about the right of all women to a healthy life and the pursuit of happiness. In 1965, Planned Parenthood Con-necticut fought and won the Supreme Court decision that made birth control legal for married women. In 2010, Planned Parenthood was at the front lines of the battle, along with a lot of us here in the Senate, to ensure that birth control would be covered under the Affordable Care Act. Today, an estimated one in five women in America has been to a Planned Parenthood clinic for care at some point in her life. Eight out of ten Planned Parenthood patients live in or near poverty. As tough as it is for them to make ends meet, Planned Parent-hood is a place they can turn to for im-portant medical care from a provider they trust. Planned Parenthood at 100 years old has racked up some impressive points on the scoreboard. Each year Planned Parenthood provides educational pro-grams to 1.5 million people. Planned Parenthood has doubled the number of health services it provides to men and has led the way in expanding access to health care for LGBT Americans. It has more than 650 health centers across the country and served two and a half million women and men last year. In my home State of Oregon, more than 70,000 Oregonians are served by 11 Planned Parenthood centers. I know firsthand from visiting with Planned Parenthood officials throughout Or-egon in Portland, in Lane County, in central Oregon, how important these centers are to the health care of Orego-nians. Planned Parenthood is at the heart of the revolution in women’s health care over the last 100 years. It is the first place millions of American women turn to for health care—women from Portland, OR, to Portland, ME. Here are some of the services Planned Parenthood provides: birth control and counseling; pregnancy tests; prenatal services; HIV tests; safe, legal abortion services; breast cancer screenings; HPV vaccinations; cervical cancer screenings and prevention; ovar-ian cancer screenings; PAP tests; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.016 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6274 September 29, 2016 
exams for sexually transmitted dis-eases; treatment for urinary tract in-fections; basic physical exams; adop-tion referrals; family practice services; and nutrition programs. Despite all these critical services Planned Parenthood provides, every day, legislators attack Planned Parent-hood. The fact is this crusade against Planned Parenthood is a crusade against the fundamental and constitu-tionally-protected right of women to make their own decisions about their bodies. Time and time again on the Senate floor and in debates with the other side, my Democratic colleagues and I have had to beat back the attempts to defund Planned Parenthood. Here is my bottom line colleagues. This country has made 100 years of progress on women’s health, and it’s not going to move backward. I urge my colleagues to honor the commitment to women’s health and rights that Planned Parenthood has shown in the last 100 years by working in a bipartisan way to improve access to women’s health care, instead of lim-iting it. Let us allow more women and men to access the health care they need and deserve, no matter who they are or where they live. Let us work to uphold the fundamental right of all women to make their own reproductive choices and access quality health care. Let us continue funding for Planned Parent-hood and end these partisan attacks against this bedrock American health provider. Today, I am joined by 17 of my col-leagues in introducing a resolution to formally recognize Planned Parent-hood’s immense contributions to progress for women’s health and qual-ity of life in America. It is time to end the unfounded attacks against Planned Parenthood and allow it to continue to provide critical health services for the next 100 years. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 591—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF OCTOBER 9 THROUGH OCTOBER 15, 2016, AS ‘‘NATIONAL CASE MANAGEMENT WEEK’’ TO RECOGNIZE THE ROLE OF CASE MANAGEMENT IN IM-PROVING HEALTH CARE OUT-COMES FOR PATIENTS Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , and Mr. C OTTON ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 591 Whereas case management is a collabo-rative process of assessment, education, planning, facilitation, care coordination, evaluation, and advocacy; Whereas the goal of case management is to meet the health needs of the patient and the family of the patient, while respecting and assuring the right of the patient to self-de-termination through communication and other available resources in order to promote high-quality, cost-effective outcomes; Whereas case managers are advocates who help patients understand their current health status, guide patients on ways to im-prove their health, and provide cohesion with other professionals on the health care delivery team; Whereas the American Case Management Association and the Case Management Soci-ety of America work diligently to raise awareness about the broad range of services that case managers offer and to educate pro-viders, payers, regulators, and consumers on the improved patient outcomes that case management services can provide; Whereas through National Case Manage-ment Week, the American Case Management Association and the Case Management Soci-ety of America aim to continue to educate providers, payers, regulators, and consumers about how vital case managers are to the successful delivery of health care; Whereas the American Case Management Association and the Case Management Soci-ety of America will celebrate National Case Management Week during the week of Octo-ber 9 through October 15, 2016, in order to recognize case managers as an essential link to patients receiving quality health care; and Whereas it is appropriate to recognize the many achievements of case managers in im-proving health care outcomes: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of October 9 through October 15, 2016, as ‘‘National Case Management Week’’; (2) recognizes the role of case management in providing successful and cost-effective health care; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to observe National Case Management Week and learn about the field of case man-agement. f SENATE RESOLUTION 592—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF THE MONTH OF SEPTEMBER 2016 AS ‘‘SICKLE CELL DISEASE AWARENESS MONTH’’ IN ORDER TO EDUCATE COMMUNITIES ACROSS THE UNITED STATES ABOUT SICKLE CELL DISEASE AND THE NEED FOR RESEARCH, EARLY DETEC-TION METHODS, EFFECTIVE TREATMENTS, AND PREVENTA-TIVE CARE PROGRAMS WITH RE-SPECT TO SICKLE CELL DISEASE Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. I
SAKSON , and Mr. B ROWN ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 592 Whereas sickle cell disease (in this pre-amble referred to as ‘‘SCD’’) is an inherited blood disorder that is a major health prob-lem in the United States and worldwide; Whereas SCD causes the rapid destruction of sickle cells, which results in multiple medical complications, including anemia, jaundice, gallstones, strokes, restricted blood flow, damaged tissue in the liver, spleen, and kidneys, and death; Whereas SCD causes episodes of consider-able pain in the arms, legs, chest, and abdo-men of an individual; Whereas SCD affects an estimated 100,000 individuals in the United States; Whereas approximately 1,000 babies are born with SCD each year in the United States, with the disease occurring in ap-proximately 1 in 365 newborn African-Amer-ican infants and 1 in 16,300 newborn His-panic-American infants and is found in indi-viduals of Mediterranean, Middle Eastern, Asian, and Indian origin; Whereas more than 3,000,000 individuals in the United States have the sickle cell trait and 1 in 13 African-Americans carries the trait; Whereas there is a 1 in 4 chance that a child born to parents who both have the sickle cell trait will have the disease; Whereas the life expectancy of an indi-vidual with SCD is often severely limited; Whereas, while hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (commonly known as ‘‘HSCT’’) is currently the only cure for SCD and advances in treating the associated com-plications of SCD have occurred, more re-search is needed to find widely available treatments and cures to help patients with SCD; and Whereas September 2016 has been des-ignated as Sickle Cell Disease Awareness Month in order to educate communities across the United States about SCD, includ-ing early detection methods, effective treat-ments, and preventative care programs with respect to SCD: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Sickle Cell Disease Awareness Month; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to hold appropriate programs, events, and activities during Sickle Cell Disease Awareness Month to raise public awareness of preventative care programs, treatments, and other patient services for those suffering from sickle cell disease. f SENATE RESOLUTION 593—DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 22, 2016, AS ‘‘NATIONAL FALLS PREVENTION AWARENESS DAY’’ TO RAISE AWARENESS AND ENCOURAGE THE PREVENTION OF FALLS AMONG OLDER ADULTS Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 593 Whereas individuals who are 65 years of age or older (in this preamble referred to as ‘‘older adults’’) are the fastest growing seg-ment of the population in the United States and the number of older adults in the United States will increase from 46,200,000 in 2014 to 82,300,000 in 2040; Whereas more than 1 out of 4 older adults in the United States falls each year; Whereas falls are the leading cause of both fatal and nonfatal injuries among older adults; Whereas, in 2014, approximately 2,800,000 older adults were treated in hospital emer-gency departments for fall-related injuries and more than 812,000 of those older adults were subsequently hospitalized; Whereas, in 2014, more than 27,000 older adults died from injuries related to uninten-tional falls and the death rates from falls of older adults in the United States have risen sharply in the last decade; Whereas, in 2015, the total direct medical cost of fall-related injuries for older adults, adjusted for inflation, was $31,000,000,000; Whereas, if the rate of increase in falls is not slowed, the annual cost of fall injuries will reach $67,700,000,000 by 2020; and Whereas evidence-based programs reduce falls by utilizing cost-effective strategies, such as exercise programs to improve bal-ance and strength, medication management, vision improvement, reduction of home haz-ards, and fall prevention education: Now, therefore, be it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.018 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6275 September 29, 2016 
Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates September 22, 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Falls Prevention Awareness Day’’; (2) recognizes that there are proven, cost- effective falls prevention programs and poli-cies; (3) commends the 72 member organizations of the Falls Free Coalition and the falls pre-vention coalitions in 43 States and the Dis-trict of Columbia for their efforts to work together to increase education and aware-ness about preventing falls among older adults; (4) encourages businesses, individuals, Fed-eral, State, and local governments, the pub-lic health community, and health care pro-viders to work together to raise awareness of falls in an effort to reduce the incidence of falls among older adults in the United States; (5) recognizes the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention for its work developing and evaluating interventions for all mem-bers of health care teams to make falls pre-vention a routine part of clinical care; (6) recognizes the Administration for Com-munity Living for its work to promote ac-cess to evidence-based programs and services in communities across the United States; (7) encourages State health departments and State units on aging, which provide sig-nificant leadership in reducing injuries and related health care costs by collaborating with organizations and individuals, to reduce falls among older adults; and (8) encourages experts in the field of falls prevention to share their best practices so that their success can be replicated by oth-ers. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 594—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR DES-IGNATION OF THE THIRD SATUR-DAY IN OCTOBER 2016 AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL ANIMAL RESCUE DAY’’ TO CREATE AWARENESS OF AND EDUCATE INDIVIDUALS ON THE IMPORTANCE OF ADOPTION OF ANIMALS, TO CREATE A HU-MANE ENVIRONMENT FOR ANY PET, AND TO ENCOURAGE ANI-MAL ADOPTIONS THROUGHOUT THE UNITED STATES Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. W
ICKER ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 594 Whereas between 7,000,000 and 8,000,000 companion animals are placed into animals shelters each year; Whereas between 2,000,000 and 3,000,000 companion animals are euthanized each year; Whereas a greater awareness of dog fight-ing and abuse encourages individuals to re-habilitate animals that would otherwise be put to sleep or left in animal shelters or res-cues; Whereas there are more than 13,000 animal shelters throughout the United States in need of pet supplies, medical supplies, blan-kets, towels, cleaning supplies, food, edu-cational materials about owning a pet, and information on how to screen out unqualified applicants and to provide the best pet match for a family; Whereas increased knowledge and aware-ness of animal rescue programs throughout the United States will significantly reduce the number of cats and dogs that are euthanized and animals that have been res-cued that are left in animal shelters; Whereas ‘‘National Animal Rescue Day’’ will alleviate the problem of pet overpopula-tion, provide animals with good homes, and create awareness of, and financial and edu-cational resources to alleviate, the problems animal shelters face each day; Whereas ‘‘National Animal Rescue Day’’ will encourage individuals to make their homes available for animals in need; and Whereas the third Saturday in October 2016 would be an appropriate day to designate as ‘‘National Animal Rescue Day’’, to be com-memorated with appropriate events that will increase the number of pet adoptions: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate supports the des-ignation of ‘‘National Animal Rescue Day’’— (1) to create awareness of animal rescue programs throughout the year; and (2) to be commemorated with appropriate events that will increase the number of pet adoptions. f SENATE RESOLUTION 595—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL VETERANS SMALL BUSINESS WEEK Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. V
IT-
TER, Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. F ISCHER , Ms. H
IRONO , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. C OONS , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. B
OOKER , and Mr. P ETERS ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: 
S. R ES. 595 Whereas the Armed Forces of the United States train individuals with the skills, dis-cipline, and leadership necessary to establish and operate a successful business; Whereas there are approximately 2,500,000 veteran-owned small businesses in the United States, employing nearly 6,000,000 in-dividuals; Whereas veteran-owned businesses make up nearly 10 percent of all businesses in the United States; Whereas veterans account for more than $1,200,000,000,000 in business receipts every year; Whereas veterans are 45 percent more like-ly to be self-employed than non-veterans; Whereas, from 2007 to 2012, veteran-owned small businesses grew at nearly twice the rate of non-veteran-owned small businesses; Whereas women veterans’ business owner-ship has increased significantly, from 97,114 in 2007 to 384,549 in 2012; Whereas the Office of Veterans Business Development of the Small Business Adminis-tration is dedicated to maximizing the avail-ability and usability of small business pro-grams for veterans, members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces of the United States, members of the Armed Forces of the United States serving on active-duty, transitioning service members, and the spouses, dependents, or survivors of those members and veterans; Whereas the Small Business Administra-tion serves more than 200,000 veterans, serv-ice-disabled veterans, women veterans, and military spouses annually; Whereas, in 2014, the Small Business Ad-ministration increased loans to veterans by more than 100 percent, guaranteeing more than $1,000,000,000 in small business loans; Whereas the entrepreneurship training pro-gram of the Small Business Administration, Boots to Business, has trained more than 30,000 service members, veterans, and spouses of service members and veterans since launching in 2013; Whereas the Small Business Administra-tion will be hosting events honoring Na-tional Veterans Small Business Week from October 31 through November 4, 2016; Whereas the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate will be commemorating National Veterans Small Business Week during the week of October 31 through November 4, 2016; and Whereas the week of October 31 through November 4, 2016, would be an appropriate time to celebrate National Veterans Small Business Week: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate joins with the Small Business Administration in— (1) supporting the goals and ideals of Na-tional Veterans Small Business Week; (2) celebrating the millions of people in the United States, especially the veterans of the United States and the spouses of those vet-erans, who benefit from the programs of the Small Business Administration; and (3) expressing appreciation for the contin-ued service to the United States by the vet-erans of the United States through small business ownership and entrepreneurship. f SENATE RESOLUTION 596—DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 2016 AS ‘‘PULMONARY FIBROSIS AWARE-NESS MONTH’’ Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. K
IRK, and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 596 Whereas pulmonary fibrosis is a debili-tating and ultimately fatal condition that causes progressive scarring in the lungs and generally has no known definitive cause; Whereas as many as 200,000 individuals in the United States are known to suffer from pulmonary fibrosis, the majority of whom are between the ages of 50 and 75; Whereas the average survival rate for the idiopathic form of pulmonary fibrosis is just 2.8 years and up to 80 percent of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis patients die within 5 years of diagnosis; Whereas pulmonary fibrosis takes the lives of 40,000 individuals in the United States each year, approximately 1 death every 13 minutes; Whereas many patients with pulmonary fi-brosis are misdiagnosed for 1 year or longer after the patients are presenting with pul-monary fibrosis symptoms; Whereas as of September 2016, there are no biomarkers for screening and testing for pul-monary fibrosis; Whereas a cure or drug that is effective for all pulmonary fibrosis patients that would extend life or universally improve symptoms does not exist; Whereas the symptoms of pulmonary fibro-sis vary from person to person and include shortness of breath, a dry cough, fatigue, weight loss, and aching muscles and joints; Whereas volunteers, researchers, care-givers, and medical professionals are work-ing to improve the quality of life for individ-uals with pulmonary fibrosis and the fami-lies of those individuals; and Whereas developing more effective treat-ments for pulmonary fibrosis and providing access to quality care to individuals with pulmonary fibrosis requires increased re-search, education, and community support services: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates September 2016 as ‘‘Pul-monary Fibrosis Awareness Month’’; (2) supports the goals and ideals of Pul-monary Fibrosis Awareness Month; (3) continues to support more robust and accelerated research to develop more effec-tive treatments for pulmonary fibrosis and to ultimately find a cure for the disease; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.017 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6276 September 29, 2016 
(4) recognizes the courage and contribu-tions of individuals with pulmonary fibrosis who participate in vital clinical trials to ad-vance the knowledge of the disease; and (5) commends the dedication of organiza-tions, volunteers, researchers, and millions of individuals in the United States and abroad working to improve the quality of life for individuals with pulmonary fibrosis and the families of those individuals. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 597—DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 2016 AS ‘‘NATIONAL KINSHIP CARE MONTH’’ Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. G RASSLEY , and Mr. B
OOKER ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 597 Whereas in September 2016, ‘‘National Kin-ship Care Month’’ is observed; Whereas nationally 2,500,000 children are living in kinship care with grandparents or other relatives; Whereas grandparents and relatives resid-ing in urban, rural, and suburban households in every county of the United States have stepped forward out of love and loyalty to care for children during times in which bio-logical parents are unable to do so; Whereas kinship caregivers provide safety, promote well-being, and establish stable households for vulnerable children; Whereas kinship care enables a child— (1) to maintain family relationships and cultural heritage; and (2) to remain in the community of the child; Whereas kinship care is a national re-source that provides loving homes for chil-dren at risk; Whereas kinship caregivers face daunting challenges to keep countless children from entering foster care; Whereas the Senate is proud to recognize the many kinship care families in which a child is raised by grandparents or other rel-atives; Whereas the Senate wishes to honor the many kinship caregivers who throughout the history of the United States have provided loving homes for parentless children; Whereas National Kinship Care Month pro-vides an opportunity to urge people in every State to join in recognizing and celebrating kinship caregiving families and the tradition of families in the United States to help raise children; and Whereas much remains to be done to en-sure that all children have a safe, loving, nurturing, and permanent family, regardless of age or special needs: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates September 2016 as ‘‘National Kinship Care Month’’; (2) encourages Congress to implement poli-cies to improve the lives of vulnerable chil-dren and families; (3) honors the commitment and dedication of kinship caregivers and the advocates and allies who work tirelessly to provide assist-ance and services to kinship caregiving fami-lies; and (4) reaffirms the need to continue working to improve the outcomes of all vulnerable children through parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), and other programs designed— (A) to support vulnerable families; (B) to invest in prevention and reunifica-tion services; and (C) to ensure that extended family mem-bers who take on the role of kinship care-givers receive the necessary support. SENATE RESOLUTION 598—DESIG-NATING OCTOBER 2016 AS ‘‘FILI-PINO AMERICAN HISTORY MONTH’’ Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. K AINE, Mr. D
URBIN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. K IRK, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. F RANKEN , and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 598 Whereas the earliest documented Filipino presence in the continental United States was October 18, 1587, when the first ‘‘Luzones Indios’’ arrived in Morro Bay, California, on board the Nuestra Senora de Esperanza, a Manila-built galleon ship; Whereas the Filipino American National Historical Society recognizes 1763 as the year in which the first permanent Filipino settle-ment in the United States was established in St. Malo, Louisiana; Whereas the recognition of the first perma-nent Filipino settlement in the United States adds a new perspective to United States history by bringing attention to the economic, cultural, social, and other notable contributions made by Filipino Americans to the development of the United States; Whereas, with a population of approxi-mately 3,898,739 individuals, the Filipino American community is the second largest Asian American and Pacific Islander group in the United States; Whereas from the Civil War to the Iraq and Afghanistan conflicts, Filipino American servicemen and servicewomen have a long-standing history of serving in the Armed Forces; Whereas more than 250,000 Filipinos fought under the United States flag during World War II to protect and defend the United States in the Pacific theater; Whereas, as of June 2016, certain family members of Filipino World War II veterans who are United States citizens or lawful per-manent residents may apply through the Fil-ipino World War II Veterans Parole Program of the United States Citizenship and Immi-gration Services for parole into the United States to reunite with their families before their immigrant visas become available; Whereas, in July 2016, the Senate passed by unanimous consent S. 1555 (114th Congress), a bill to award to Filipino veterans who fought alongside United States troops in World War II the highest civilian honor be-stowed by Congress, a recognition for which Filipino World War II veterans have waited more than 70 years; Whereas Filipino Americans continue to demonstrate a commendable sense of patri-otism and honor; Whereas 9 Filipino Americans have re-ceived the Congressional Medal of Honor, the highest award for valor in action against an enemy force that can be bestowed on an indi-vidual serving in the Armed Forces; Whereas the late Thelma Garcia Buchholdt, born in Claveria, Cagayan, on the island of Luzon in the Philippines— (1) moved with her family to Alaska in 1965; (2) was elected to the House of Representa-tives of Alaska in 1974; (3) was the first Filipino woman elected to a State legislature; and (4) authored a comprehensive history book entitled ‘‘Filipinos in Alaska: 1788–1958’’; Whereas Filipino American farmworkers and labor leaders such as Philip Vera Cruz and Larry Itliong played an integral role in the multiethnic United Farm Workers move-ment alongside Cesar Chavez, Dolores Huerta, and other Latino workers; Whereas Filipino Americans play an inte-gral role in the United States healthcare sys-tem as nurses, doctors, and other medical professionals; Whereas Filipino Americans have contrib-uted greatly to music, dance, literature, edu-cation, business, journalism, sports, fashion, politics, government, science, technology, the fine arts, and other fields that enrich the landscape of the United States; Whereas, as mandated in the mission state-ment of the Filipino American National His-torical Society, efforts should continue to promote the study of Filipino American his-tory and culture because the roles of Filipino Americans and other people of color have largely been overlooked in the writing, teaching, and learning of United States his-tory; Whereas it is imperative for Filipino American youth to have positive role models to instill in Filipino American youth— (1) the significance of education, com-plemented by the richness of Filipino Amer-ican ethnicity; and (2) the value of the Filipino American leg-acy; and Whereas Filipino American History Month is celebrated during the month of October 2016: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates October 2016 as ‘‘Filipino American History Month’’; (2) recognizes the celebration of Filipino American History Month as— (A) a study of the advancement of Filipino Americans; (B) a time to reflect on and remember the many notable contributions that Filipino Americans have made to the United States; and (C) a time to renew efforts toward the re-search and examination of history and cul-ture so as to provide an opportunity for all people of the United States— (i) to learn more about Filipino Americans; and (ii) to appreciate the historic contributions of Filipino Americans to the United States; and (3) urges the people of the United States to observe Filipino American History Month with appropriate programs and activities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 599—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF OCTOBER 20, 2016, AS THE ‘‘NATIONAL DAY ON WRITING’’ Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. R
OB-
ERTS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. W
ICKER ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 599 Whereas people in the 21st century are writing more than ever before for personal, professional, and civic purposes; Whereas the social nature of writing in-vites people of every age, profession, and walk of life to create meaning through com-posing; Whereas more and more people in every oc-cupation consider writing to be essential and influential in their work; Whereas individuals who write continue to learn how to write for different purposes, au-diences, and occasions throughout their life-times; Whereas developing digital technologies expand the possibilities for composing in multiple media at a faster pace than ever be-fore; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.017 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6277 September 29, 2016 
Whereas young people are leading the way in developing new forms of composing by using different forms of digital media; Whereas effective communication contrib-utes to building a global economy and a global community; Whereas the National Council of Teachers of English, in conjunction with its many na-tional and local partners, honors and cele-brates the importance of writing through the National Day on Writing; Whereas the National Day on Writing cele-brates the foundational place of writing in the personal, professional, and civic lives of the people of the United States; Whereas the National Day on Writing high-lights the importance of writing instruction and practice at every educational level and in every subject area; Whereas the National Day on Writing em-phasizes the lifelong process of learning to write and compose for different audiences, purposes, and occasions; Whereas the National Day on Writing hon-ors the use of the full range of media for composing, from traditional tools, including print, audio, and video, to social media, in-cluding Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram, and Internet website tools, including blogs, wikis, and podcasts; Whereas the National Day on Writing en-courages all people of the United States and overseas to write, enjoy, and learn from the writing of others; Whereas in 2015, the hashtag #WhyIWrite generated over 60,000 tweets and reached mil-lions of people, encouraging students, from elementary school through the university level, athletes, authors, and artists from all over the world to participate; and Whereas, on the National Day of Writing in 2016, the National Council of Teachers of English encourages all people of the United States to tell others #WhyIWrite through print, social media, or other means: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of October 20, 2016, as the ‘‘National Day on Writing’’; (2) strongly affirms the purposes of the Na-tional Day on Writing; and (3) encourages educational institutions, businesses, community and civic associa-tions, and other organizations to celebrate and promote the National Day on Writing. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 600—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF SEP-TEMBER 26 THROUGH 30, 2016, AS ‘‘NATIONAL ADULT EDUCATION AND FAMILY LITERACY WEEK’’ Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. R EED, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. K IRK, Mr. P ETERS , and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 600 Whereas the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development reports that approximately 36,000,000 adults in the United States lack the basic literacy and numeracy necessary to succeed at home, in the work-place, and in society; Whereas the literacy of the people of the United States is essential for the economic and societal well-being of the United States; Whereas the United States reaps the eco-nomic benefits of individuals who improve their literacy, numeracy, and English-lan-guage skills; Whereas literacy and educational skills are necessary for individuals to fully benefit from the range of opportunities available in the United States; Whereas the economy and position of the United States in the world marketplace de-pend on having a literate, skilled population; Whereas the unemployment rate in the United States is highest among those with-out a high school diploma or an equivalent credential, demonstrating that education is important to economic recovery; Whereas the educational skills of the par-ents of a child and the practice of reading to a child have a direct impact on the edu-cational success of the child; Whereas parental involvement in the edu-cation of a child is a key predictor of the success of a child, and the level of parental involvement in the education of a child in-creases as the educational level of the parent increases; Whereas parents who participate in family literacy programs become more involved in the education of their children and gain the tools necessary to obtain a job or find better employment; Whereas, as a result of family literacy pro-grams, the lives of children become more stable, and the success of children in the classroom and in future endeavors becomes more likely; Whereas adults need to be part of a long- term solution to the educational challenges faced by the people of the United States; Whereas many older people in the United States lack the reading, math, or English- language skills necessary to read a prescrip-tion and follow medical instructions, which endangers the lives of the older people and the lives of their loved ones; Whereas many individuals who are unem-ployed, underemployed, or receive public as-sistance lack the literacy skills necessary to obtain and keep a job, to continue their edu-cation, or to participate in job training pro-grams; Whereas many high school dropouts do not have the literacy skills necessary to com-plete their education, transition to postsec-ondary education or career and technical training, or obtain a job; Whereas a large portion of individuals in prison have low educational skills and pris-oners without educational skills are more likely to return to prison once released; Whereas many immigrants in the United States do not have the literacy skills nec-essary to succeed in the United States; and Whereas National Adult Education and Family Literacy Week highlights the need to ensure that each individual in the United States has the literacy skills necessary to succeed at home, at work, and in society: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of September 26 through 30, 2016, as ‘‘National Adult Edu-cation and Family Literacy Week’’ to raise public awareness about the importance of adult education, workforce skills, and family literacy; (2) encourages people across the United States to support programs to assist individ-uals in need of adult education, workforce skills, and family literacy programs; (3) recognizes the importance of adult edu-cation, workforce skills, and family literacy programs; and (4) calls on public, private, and nonprofit entities to support increased access to adult education and family literacy programs to ensure a literate society. SENATE RESOLUTION 601—DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 2016 AS ‘‘NATIONAL DYSTONIA AWARE-NESS MONTH’’ AND RAISING AWARENESS AND UNDER-STANDING OF THE DISORDER OF DYSTONIA Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted the following res-olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 601 Whereas National Dystonia Awareness Month will raise public awareness and under-standing of the disorder of dystonia, which has numerous manifestations affecting peo-ple of all ages, races, genders, and back-grounds; Whereas National Dystonia Awareness Month will also foster understanding of the impact the various forms of dystonia have on the individuals who are affected and the fam-ilies of those individuals; Whereas dystonia is a neurological dis-order presenting in various forms, character-ized by involuntary muscle contractions that cause abnormal and often repetitive move-ments or postures; Whereas symptoms of dystonia may im-pede the ability of an individual— (1) to walk, as in generalized dystonia or limb dystonia; (2) to control the posture of the head of the individual, as in cervical dystonia; (3) to speak, as in spasmodic dysphonia or oromandibular dystonia; (4) to see, as in blepharospasm; or (5) to write, as in hand dystonia; Whereas there are limited treatments and no cure for dystonia; Whereas dystonia is commonly misdiagnosed, delaying access to appropriate medical care for those individuals who are affected; Whereas countless friends, loved ones, spouses, and caregivers must shoulder the physical, emotional, and financial burdens that dystonia causes; Whereas the severity of the symptoms of dystonia and the limited public awareness of the disease cause many patients to be iso-lated; Whereas the dystonia community is unit-ing to cooperate on awareness efforts throughout September of 2016; and Whereas the Benign Essential Blepharospasm Research Foundation, Dystonia, Inc., the Dystonia Medical Re-search Foundation, the National Spasmodic Dysphonia Association, and the National Spasmodic Torticollis Association are dedi-cated to— (1) conducting research to find treatments and a cure for dystonia; (2) fostering public awareness and under-standing of dystonia; (3) educating patients and their families about dystonia to improve the treatment of and care for patients; and (4) providing support and encouraging indi-viduals to become advocates, including by sponsoring annual patient education con-ferences, school-based educational programs, and local events to raise funds for dystonia research, education, advocacy, and aware-ness: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates September 2016 as ‘‘National Dystonia Awareness Month’’; (2) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Dystonia Awareness Month to raise public awareness and understanding of dystonia; (3) recognizes the need for additional re-search to find a cure for all forms of dystonia; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.019 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6278 September 29, 2016 
(4) encourages all people in the United States and interested groups to support Na-tional Dystonia Awareness Month through various appropriate ceremonies and activi-ties— (A) to promote public awareness of dystonia; and (B) to foster the understanding of the im-pact of dystonia on patients and their fami-lies. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 602—SUP-PORTING THE INCLUSION AND MEANINGFUL ENGAGEMENT OF LATINOS IN ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AND CONSERVA-TION EFFORTS Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. R EID, Mr. U DALL , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. M
IKULSKI , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mrs. B OXER , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C
ARDIN , and Mr. H ELLER ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources: 
S. R ES. 602 Whereas Latinos are the largest ethnic group in the United States, with more than 56,600,000 Latinos making up 17.6 percent of the population of the United States; Whereas the Latino community is pro-jected to grow to nearly 
1⁄4of the population of the United States by 2050; Whereas Latinos should have greater rep-resentation in the decisionmaking process relating to, and management of, public land; Whereas Latino conservation initiatives break down barriers, improve access to pub-lic land, and encourage outreach to, and new opportunities for, the Latino community to use public land; Whereas Latino conservation efforts can range from outdoor activities, such as hiking and kayaking, to educational activities and community gatherings; Whereas increased access to outdoor recre-ation opportunities encourages Latino fami-lies and youth to engage with the outdoors and demonstrate the commitment of the Latino families and youth to conservation; Whereas each person should have the op-portunity to discover his or her history, cul-ture, and heritage by exploring and experi-encing the public land of the United States; Whereas access to green spaces provides for healthier and more active lifestyles, which helps address numerous health disparity issues facing the Latino community, such as diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular disease; Whereas the participation of Latinos in conservation efforts can encourage the inter-est and involvement of Latinos in careers in conservation; Whereas the people of the United States must ensure that the public land and natural surroundings of the United States are pro-tected for future generations; and Whereas the members of the largest ethnic group in the United States, as the environ-mental stewards of tomorrow, will play a significant role in securing the future suc-cess and preservation of the public land of the United States, especially as that group continues to grow; Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the role of Latinos in pro-tecting and preserving the land, water, and wildlife of the United States; (2) supports the inclusion and meaningful engagement of Latinos in environmental protection and conservation efforts; and (3) encourages Latinos in the United States to participate in ceremonies, activities, and programs that engage the community in the outdoors and bring awareness to the impor-tance of conservation. f SENATE RESOLUTION 603—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK BEGINNING ON THE FIRST FRIDAY AFTER THANKSGIVING IN 2016 AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL ELECTRONIC PAYMENTS WEEK’’ Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. P ERDUE ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 603 Whereas 70 percent of all consumer spend-ing in the United States is conducted via electronic payments; Whereas electronic payments play a cen-tral role in promoting prosperity, commerce, and economic growth in the United States; Whereas electronic payments involve pur-chases with credit, debit, and prepaid ac-counts, either in-store using a card or con-nected device or online; Whereas payments companies in the United States enable individuals to gain ac-cess to rapid, convenient, and secure finan-cial payments not otherwise available with-out electronic payments; Whereas payments and technology compa-nies in the United States are continually de-veloping and deploying new, innovative elec-tronic payments technologies to make com-merce more secure, faster, accessible, and ef-ficient to protect against fraud; Whereas innovative electronic payments technologies support small businesses in the United States by providing secure, faster, ac-cessible, and efficient solutions; Whereas electronic payments are used by more than 8,000,000 merchants in the United States and the 1,200,000,000 payment cards in circulation allow individuals to conduct electronic payments through those mer-chants and with one another; Whereas the value of electronic payments made on a mobile device was estimated to increase by 210 percent in 2016; Whereas electronic payments companies processed more than $5,000,000,000,000 in pay-ments in 2015, and electronic payments are projected to increase to $7,000,000,000,000 in 2017; Whereas holiday spending accounted for nearly 20 percent of retail sales during 2015, and nearly 70 percent of all holiday sales are conducted via electronic payments; Whereas, on Black Friday in 2015, for the first time more individuals in the United States shopped online than in retail stores, which could not have been possible without electronic payments companies; Whereas the 7-day period after Thanks-giving accounted for more than 6.5 percent of electronic payments for the final quarter of 2015, and electronic payments totaled $35,000,000,000 during that 7-day period; Whereas the designation of National Elec-tronic Payments Week is especially impor-tant to the electronic payments industry be-cause it marks the start of the holiday sea-son and includes Black Friday, Small Busi-ness Saturday, Cyber Monday, and Giving Tuesday; and Whereas electronic payments play an inte-gral role for consumers and merchants in the transfer of goods and services not only dur-ing the holiday season, but also throughout the year: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week beginning on the first Friday after Thanksgiving in 2016 as ‘‘National Electronic Payments Week’’; (2) recognizes the significant contributions and great importance of electronic payments and the advantages electronic payments pro-vide to consumers, merchants, small busi-nesses, and the economy of the United States as a whole; (3) appreciates the significant role that electronic payments play in the global mar-ketplace; (4) acknowledges the growth of electronic payments domestically and abroad; and (5) desires to foster an environment that encourages continued innovation and en-hanced security in electronic payments. f SENATE RESOLUTION 604—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF NOVEMBER 2016 AS ‘‘NATIONAL BLADDER HEALTH MONTH’’ Mr. KIRK submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 604 Whereas tens of millions of people in the United States are affected by bladder dis-eases and conditions, including urinary in-continence, overactive bladder, underactive bladder, interstitial cystitis, nocturia, uri-nary tract infections, bladder cancer, urotrauma, and neurogenic bladder; Whereas bladder diseases and conditions have a significant impact on health and quality of life, contributing to decreased physical activity (which can increase obesity levels and the risk of diabetes and cardio-vascular disease), depression, social isola-tion, falls, sexual dysfunction, loss of self-es-teem, hospitalizations, nursing home admis-sions, and even death; Whereas bladder diseases and conditions result in costs to the United States economy estimated at more than $70,000,000,000 annu-ally; Whereas bladder problems are highly stig-matized, and open dialogue generated by Na-tional Bladder Health Month can reduce stig-ma and empower providers and patients to have much-needed conversations about blad-der health; Whereas medical and behavioral research to better understand and maintain bladder health and treat bladder diseases is criti-cally needed yet poorly recognized; Whereas bladder diseases and conditions are common in military veterans; Whereas more than 1 in 10 military service members injured in Afghanistan and Iraq have urotrauma injuries (damage to the uri-nary tract or reproductive organs); Whereas 1 in 3 younger women veterans re-port overactive bladder, stress urinary in-continence, and painful bladder symptoms; Whereas more than 
3⁄4of veterans with spi-nal cord injuries suffer from neurogenic bladder; Whereas bladder cancer is the fourth most commonly diagnosed cancer among Veterans Affairs Health System patients; Whereas preventative campaigns and measures for diseases and conditions that are as extensive and expensive as bladder dis-eases and conditions are routine and accept-ed in common medical, societal, and public health practice, yet no preventative cam-paign or measure exists in a large, system-atic fashion for bladder health; and Whereas November 2016 is an appropriate month to designate as ‘‘National Bladder Health Month’’ since bladder health aware-ness has been promoted in November for more than 20 years: Now, therefore, be it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.019 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6279 September 29, 2016 
Resolved, That the Senate supports the des-ignation of November 2016 as ‘‘National Blad-der Health Month’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 605— HONORING ARNOLD PALMER Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. N ELSON ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 605 Whereas Arnold Palmer was one of the most popular professional athletes of all time, known affectionately as ‘‘The King’’ for his civility, modesty, and commitment to public service; Whereas Palmer, with his charming per-sonality and approachability, popularized the game of golf, introducing millions of peo-ple in the United States to the sport, many of whom became part of ‘‘Arnie’s Army’’, a legion of fans worldwide; Whereas Palmer was born in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, a small steel town at the western base of the Allegheny Mountains, east of Pittsburgh; Whereas Palmer learned the game of golf at Latrobe Country Club, where his father Milfred ‘‘Deacon’’ Palmer served as the club professional and groundskeeper; Whereas Palmer lived in his hometown for his entire life, where he stayed engaged in his community; Whereas Palmer was a devoted husband, fa-ther, and grandfather, a successful business-man, and a humanitarian; Whereas Palmer opened the Winnie Palmer Nature Reserve, dedicated to the memory of his late wife, on the grounds adjacent to St. Vincent College; Whereas Palmer served as honorary Na-tional Chairman of the March of Dimes Birth Defects Foundation for 20 years; Whereas Palmer owned the Bay Hill Club and Lodge in Orlando, Florida, which hosts the Arnold Palmer Invitational to raise funds to benefit the Winnie Palmer Hospital for Women and Babies and the Arnold Palm-er Hospital for Children, both of which are also located in Orlando, Florida; Whereas Palmer was a prostate cancer sur-vivor and raised funds to support the Arnold Palmer Pavilion, a cancer center near La-trobe, Pennsylvania; Whereas Palmer was an amateur aviator who helped develop the airport in his beloved hometown and served on the Westmoreland County Airport Authority, which renamed the airport in Latrobe in honor of Palmer in 1999; Whereas Palmer served his country for 3 years in the United States Coast Guard; Whereas Palmer won 92 tournaments, in-cluding 7 major championships; Whereas Palmer played in the Masters Tournament 48 times, winning in 1958, 1960, 1962, and 1964; Whereas, in 2004, Palmer received the Pres-idential Medal of Freedom from President George W. Bush; Whereas Palmer was presented the Con-gressional Gold Medal on September 12, 2012, in recognition of his service to the United States in promoting excellence and good sportsmanship in golf; and Whereas Palmer has received numerous other honors for his accomplishments in golf and his service to his community: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors the life and legacy of Arnold Palmer for his philanthropy, humani-tarianism, and significant contributions to the sport of golf; and (2) expresses its deepest sympathies and condolences to the family of Arnold Palmer on his death. f SENATE RESOLUTION 606—HON-ORING THE MEMORIES AND LEG-ACIES OF THE 3 LAW ENFORCE-MENT OFFICERS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN THE ATTACK ON JULY 17, 2016, IN BATON ROUGE, LOUISIANA, CONDEMNING THAT ATTACK, AND RECOGNIZING THE HEROISM OF LAW ENFORCE-MENT PERSONNEL AND FIRST RESPONDERS Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. B OOZMAN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. I NHOFE , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. D AINES , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. E NZI, and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 606 Whereas, on July 17, 2016, a lone gunman in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, ambushed and opened fire on law enforcement personnel, killing 3 Baton Rouge law enforcement offi-cers and wounding 3 additional officers at Benny’s Car Wash and Oil Change; Whereas Corporal Montrell Jackson, a 10- year veteran of the Baton Rouge Police De-partment who was a husband, father, broth-er, and son and who loved his career and serving his community, was killed in the at-tack; Whereas Deputy Brad Garafola, a 24-year veteran of the East Baton Rouge Sheriff’s Of-fice and a beloved husband, father, and son who touched the lives of many individuals during his more than 2 decades of faithful service, was killed in the attack; Whereas Officer Matthew Gerald, who hon-orably served the United States as a member of United States Marine Corps and the United States Army before joining the Baton Rouge Police Department in 2015, was killed in the attack; Whereas 3 other Baton Rouge law enforce-ment officers were injured during this sense-less attack; Whereas this attack took place with the intention of targeting law enforcement offi-cers; Whereas Federal, State, and local law en-forcement personnel performed their duties admirably during the attack and risk their lives every day to ensure the safety of the people of Baton Rouge; and Whereas the people of the United States stand united with the community of Baton Rouge and the families, friends, and loved ones of the victims to support all of those in-dividuals affected by the attack and to pray for healing and peace: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns the attack of July 17, 2016, in Baton Rouge, Louisiana; (2) honors the memory of the Baton Rouge law enforcement officers who lost their lives; (3) recognizes the bravery, heroism, and dedication by Federal, State, and local law enforcement officials, emergency medical re-sponders, and all of those individuals who of-fered support and assistance; (4) offers sincere condolences to the fami-lies, friends, and loved ones of the victims; (5) expresses hope that each individual who was wounded in the attack makes a full re-covery; and (6) stands united against violence and in support of those individuals who work every day to protect the communities of the United States and keep the United States safe. f SENATE RESOLUTION 607—RECOG-NIZING THE NATIONAL GEOSPATIAL-INTELLIGENCE AGENCY ON ITS 20TH ANNIVER-SARY Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. B URR, and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 607 Whereas, in an effort to improve the im-agery intelligence, mapping, and geodesy ca-pabilities of the United States, the National Imagery and Mapping Agency (in this pre-amble referred to as ‘‘NIMA’’), the prede-cessor of the National Geospatial-Intel-ligence Agency (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘NGA’’), was founded on October 1, 1996, as a result of President William Jeffer-son Clinton signing into law the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997 (Public Law 104–201; 110 Stat. 2422), which authorized the establishment of NIMA; Whereas the NGA derives from legacy agencies, including the Defense Mapping Agency, the National Photographic Interpre-tation Center, the Defense Airborne Recon-naissance Office, the Central Imagery Office, and the Defense Dissemination Program Of-fice, that played vital roles in the defense of the United States in conflicts dating back to World War II and contributed to the dis-cipline of geospatial intelligence (in this pre-amble referred to as ‘‘GEOINT’’) through im-agery and mapping production; Whereas the NGA has, throughout its 20- year history, provided GEOINT support to United States policy makers and military commanders in both war and peacetime dur-ing significant national security and natural disaster events, including— (1) the operations in the Balkans; (2) the response to Hurricane Katrina; (3) the operation that resulted in the kill-ing of former al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden; (4) operations against state-sponsored ter-rorist organizations; (5) the humanitarian assistance responses to earthquakes in Haiti and Japan; and (6) the continued critical mission support to members of the Armed Forces in the Mid-dle East; Whereas, with military and civilian em-ployees serving at the NGA headquarters in Springfield, Virginia, the NGA West Campus in St. Louis, Missouri, and additional loca-tions throughout the United States, and with personnel deployed worldwide in more than 200 locations in 17 countries, the NGA pro-duces timely mapping, charting, geodesy, and intelligence products to warfighters, first responders, civil authorities, policy makers, and the maritime and aviation com-munities; Whereas the NGA motto describes the many missions that were combined 20 years ago upon the creation of the NGA, ‘‘Know the Earth, show the way, and understand the world’’; Whereas the NGA is the primary organiza-tion responsible for developing, maintaining, and enhancing the World Geodetic System 84 reference frame, the foundation for all of the Positioning, Navigation, and Timing systems of the Department of Defense, including the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.021 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6280 September 29, 2016 
Global Positioning System (commonly known as ‘‘GPS’’); Whereas the Maritime Safety Office of the NGA, which traces its lineage to 1869, col-lects, analyzes, and writes the Notices to Mariners that keep government, civilian, and international mariners informed about vital safety and navigational issues; Whereas the NGA also supports commer-cial vessels worldwide with navigational products and warning messages; Whereas, in addition to updating world-wide digital nautical charts that ensure safe-ty of navigation to a broad base of users, the NGA has expanded to provide safety of navi-gation information to the aeronautical com-munity; Whereas, in recent years, the NGA has in-creased its— (1) worldwide, industry-leading aero-nautical safety library to more than 10,000 flight procedures made available to the De-partment of Defense; and (2) vertical obstructions database from 4,000,000 features to more than 24,000,000 fea-tures; Whereas the NGA has converted from paper maps to downloadable digital maps, re-ducing the amount of gear that pilots need to carry while ensuring that those pilots al-ways have the latest information; Whereas the NGA continues to be a con-stant source of innovation, aiding the efforts of the Department of Defense in counterter-rorism and counterinsurgency operations by using new— (1) intelligence, surveillance, and recon-naissance sensors and technologies; and (2) analytic methods, including full-motion video, hyperspectral imagery, overhead per-sistent infrared, light detection and ranging, and activity-based intelligence; Whereas the NGA continues to support warfighters and intelligence operators with dedicated efforts in global counterterrorism, counterproliferation, mission readiness, safe-ty of navigation, and future weapons devel-opment; Whereas, since the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, the men and women of the NGA have worked diligently to deter, de-tect, and prevent acts of terrorism by pro-viding GEOINT support to United States and coalition forces in support of the Global War on Terror, including Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan, Combined Joint Task Force–Horn of Africa, Operation Iraqi Freedom in Iraq, and Operation Inherent Re-solve in Iraq and Syria; Whereas the NGA is commendably pur-suing new methods of intelligence collection and analysis to inform, complement, and add to the NGA’s support of warfighter require-ments by— (1) embracing innovative cost-sharing and risk-sharing constructs with the commercial electro-optical satellite industry; and (2) looking to emerging commercial tech-nology providers, including small satellite companies, that hold the promise of rapid technological innovation and potentially sig-nificant future cost savings to the taxpayers of the United States; and Whereas the NGA has been awarded 3 Joint Meritorious Unit Awards reflecting the dis-tinctive accomplishments of the personnel assigned to the NGA: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the men and women of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency on the occasion of the 20th anniversary of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency; (2) honors the professional men and women, past and present, of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency for their self-less service and dedication to the United States; and (3) expresses gratitude to all the men and women of the National Geospatial-Intel-ligence Agency for their past and continued efforts to provide timely, relevant, and accu-rate geospatial intelligence support to de-liver overwhelming advantages to warfighters, defense planners, and national security policymakers in the defense and se-curity of the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 608—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF SEP-TEMBER 17 THROUGH SEP-TEMBER 24, 2016, AS ‘‘NATIONAL ESTUARIES WEEK’’ Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. R
EED, Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. M
URRAY , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 608 Whereas the estuary regions of the United States constitute a significant share of the economy of the United States, with as much as 43 percent of the gross domestic product of the United States generated in coastal shoreline counties; Whereas the population of coastal shore-line counties in the United States increased by 39 percent from 1970 to 2010 and is pro-jected to continue to increase; Whereas not fewer than 2,100,000 jobs in the United States are supported by marine tour-ism and recreation; Whereas the commercial fishing, rec-reational fishing, and seafood industries rely on healthy estuaries and directly support 1,839,000 jobs in the United States; Whereas, in 2014— (1) commercial fish landings generated $5,500,000,000; and (2) recreational anglers— (A) took more than 68,000,000 fishing trips; and (B) spent $32,000,000,000; Whereas estuaries provide vital habitats for countless species of fish and wildlife, in-cluding many species that are listed as threatened or endangered species; Whereas estuaries provide critical eco-system services that protect human health and public safety, including water filtration, flood control, shoreline stabilization, erosion prevention, and the protection of coastal communities during hurricanes and storms; Whereas the United States has lost more than 110,000,000 acres of wetland, or 50 per-cent of the wetland of the United States, since the first European settlers arrived; Whereas some bays in the United States that were once filled with fish and oysters have become dead zones filled with excess nutrients, chemical wastes, harmful algae, and marine debris; Whereas changes in sea level can affect es-tuarine water quality and estuarine habi-tats; Whereas the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1451 et seq.) provides that the policy of the United States is to preserve, protect, develop, and, if possible, restore or enhance the resources of the coastal zone of the United States, including estuaries, for current and future generations; Whereas 25 coastal and Great Lakes States and territories of the United States operate a National Estuary Program or contain a National Estuarine Research Reserve; Whereas scientific study leads to a better understanding of the benefits of estuaries to human and ecological communities; Whereas the Federal Government, State, local, and tribal governments, national and community organizations, and individuals work together to effectively manage the es-tuaries of the United States; Whereas estuary restoration efforts restore natural infrastructure in local communities in a cost-effective manner, helping to create jobs and reestablish the natural functions of estuaries that yield countless benefits; and Whereas the week of September 17 through September 24, 2016, is recognized as ‘‘Na-tional Estuaries Week’’ to increase aware-ness among all people of the United States, including Federal Government and State and local government officials, about the impor-tance of healthy estuaries and the need to protect and restore estuaries: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of September 17 through September 24, 2016, as ‘‘National Es-tuaries Week’’; (2) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Estuaries Week; (3) acknowledges the importance of estu-aries to sustaining employment in the United States and the economic well-being and prosperity of the United States; (4) recognizes that persistent threats un-dermine the health of the estuaries of the United States; (5) applauds the work of national and com-munity organizations and public partners that promote public awareness, under-standing, protection, and restoration of estu-aries; (6) reaffirms the support of the Senate for estuaries, including the scientific study, preservation, protection, and restoration of estuaries; and (7) expresses the intent of the Senate to continue working to understand, protect, and restore the estuaries of the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 609—HON-ORING THE MEMORIES AND HE-ROIC ACTIONS OF THOSE KILLED, INJURED, AND AF-FECTED BY THE FATAL BUS CRASH IN LAPLACE, LOUISIANA, ON AUGUST 28, 2016 Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mr. C
ASSIDY ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 609 Whereas, on August 28, 2016, St. John the Baptist Parish firefighters and Louisiana State troopers were responding to the scene of an accident along I-10 Westbound in La-place, Louisiana, when an undocumented im-migrant driving a passenger bus lost control of the bus and crashed into a nearby vehicle; Whereas 3 firefighters were thrown over the highway guardrail from the impact of the vehicle, falling more than 30 feet into al-ligator-infested water; Whereas fellow firefighters, State troopers, and at least 1 civilian quickly responded to rescue the 3 overthrown firefighters; Whereas Chief Spencer Chauvin, a 36-year- old who served the St. John the Baptist Par-ish Fire Department for 12 years and was a beloved husband and father of 2, died in the crash; Whereas 21-year-old Jermaine Starr and 33- year-old Vontarous Kelly, both of Moss Point, Mississippi, and who were passengers in the vehicle impacted by the bus, were also killed in the crash; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.021 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6281 September 29, 2016 
Whereas 2 other firefighters sustained inju-ries and were taken to the hospital; and Whereas more than 30 additional individ-uals were injured: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) mourns the tragic loss of Chief Spencer Chauvin, Jermaine Starr, and Vontarous Kelly; (2) recognizes the bravery, heroism, and dedication of the firefighters, State troopers, and civilians who quickly responded to at-tempt to save the lives of the injured; (3) offers sincere condolences to the fami-lies, friends, and loved ones of Chief Spencer Chauvin, Jermaine Starr, and Vontarous Kelly; and (4) expresses hope that each individual who was injured in the accident makes a full and quick recovery. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 610—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF THE FIRST FRIDAY IN OCTOBER 2016 AS ‘‘MANUFACTURING DAY’’ Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Ms. S
TA-
BENOW , Mr. B URR, Mr. B LUNT , Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. K ING, Mr. C OONS , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. D AINES , Mr. C ARDIN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. P
ETERS , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. K IRK, Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. S COTT, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. T
HUNE , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. H
OEVEN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
S. R ES. 610 Whereas according to the most recent data, manufacturers contribute $2,170,000,000,000 to the United States econ-omy; Whereas that amount has steadily risen since 2009, when manufacturers contributed $1,700,000,000,000 to the United States econ-omy; Whereas the manufacturing sector ac-counts for 12 percent of the gross domestic product (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘GDP’’) of the United States; Whereas for every $1 spent in the manufac-turing sector, another $1.40 is added to the United States economy, the highest multi-plier effect of any economic sector; Whereas the manufacturing sector sup-ports an estimated 18,500,000 jobs in the United States, approximately 1 in 6 private sector jobs in the United States; Whereas more than 12,300,000 individuals in the United States, 9 percent of the work-force, are employed directly in the manufac-turing sector; Whereas, in 2014, on average manufac-turing workers in the United States earned more than the average worker in all other industries in the United States, including pay and benefits; Whereas manufacturers in the United States are the most productive manufactur-ers in the world, far surpassing the worker productivity of any other major manufac-turing economy, leading to higher wages and living standards; Whereas manufacturers in the United States drive innovation more than any other economic sector in the United States, spend-ing $229,900,000,000 in 2014 on research and de-velopment, an 82 percent increase from 5 years earlier; Whereas measured by GDP, the manufac-turing sector in the United States would rank as the ninth-largest economy in the world; and Whereas the first Friday in October 2016 would be an appropriate day to designate as ‘‘Manufacturing Day’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate supports the des-ignation of the first Friday in October 2016 as ‘‘Manufacturing Day’’. f SENATE RESOLUTION 611—SUP-PORTING THE DESIGNATION OF OCTOBER 8, 2016, AS ‘‘40 YEARS OF WOMEN CADETS AT THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY DAY’’ Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 611 Whereas, in September 1972, the United States Air Force Academy (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘Academy’’) became the first service academy to prepare for the ar-rival of female cadets when it issued Oper-ational Plan 36–72, ‘‘Integration of Females into the Cadet Wing’’; Whereas, on October 8, 1975, the day after President Ford signed the Department of De-fense Appropriation Authorization Act, 1976 (Public Law 94–106; 89 Stat. 531), which au-thorized women to attend military service academies, the Academy announced that the first class of women would be admitted on June 28, 1976; Whereas, on January 13, 1976, the first woman to enter the Academy Preparatory School arrived; Whereas, on June 28, 1976, the Academy be-came the first service academy to admit women when 156 women arrived as part of the class of 1980; Whereas the first African-American women to attend the Academy arrived in 1976 and graduated in 1980; Whereas the first Hispanic woman to at-tend any military service academy arrived at the Academy in 1976 and graduated in 1980; Whereas, on August 15, 1979, a woman First Class Cadet from the Academy’s class of 1980 became the first Academy woman to com-plete a solo flight in the T–41 training air-craft; Whereas, on May 28, 1980, the first 97 women graduated from the Academy; Whereas, in 1981, 4 women at the Academy were the first Academy women named as All- Americans by the National Collegiate Ath-letic Association (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘NCAA’’); Whereas, on November 24, 1980, a woman cadet became the Cadet Wing Commander at the Academy for the first time; Whereas, in 1981, a woman cadet at the Academy was selected as a Rhodes Scholar for the first time; Whereas, in 1986, a woman cadet at the Academy received the Outstanding Cadet in Order of Graduation Award for the first time; Whereas, in 1987, a woman graduate from the class of 1980 returned to the Academy as an Air Officer Commanding for the first time; Whereas, on July 1, 1990, the women’s ath-letic program of the Academy officially be-came a member of the Colorado Athletic Conference; Whereas, on January 13, 1993, a woman from the United States Air Force, and a member of the Academy’s class of 1980, flew into space for the first time aboard the space shuttle Endeavour; Whereas, on April 14, 1994, a woman grad-uate of the Academy died in a combat zone and received the Purple Heart award for the first time; Whereas, in January 1995, a member of the Academy’s class of 1988 became the first woman to log United States Air Force fight-er pilot combat time; Whereas, in August 1996, women athletes at the Academy began their first year as NCAA Division I members; Whereas, on June 25, 1998, an Academy graduate from the class of 1982 and a Rhodes Scholar became the first woman graduate of the Academy elected to Congress; Whereas, in 1999, a member of the Acad-emy’s class of 1998 became the first African- American woman to serve as a combat pilot; Whereas, in 2004, a 1988 graduate of the Academy took command of the 354th Fighter Squadron, becoming the first woman in the history of the United States to command a combat aviation unit; Whereas, on October 1, 2004, a member of the Academy’s class of 1983 became the first woman graduate of the Academy promoted to brigadier general and took office as Dean of the Faculty of the Academy; Whereas, in November 2005, a member of the Academy’s class of 1996 became the first woman member of the United States Air Force’s aerial demonstration team, the Thunderbirds; Whereas, in December 2005, a member of the Academy’s class of 1980 was the first woman Academy graduate to become Com-mandant of Cadets; Whereas, on September 7, 2006, a member of the Academy’s class of 1980 became the first woman of Japanese descent from any military service to be promoted to flag offi-cer; Whereas, on June 19, 2008, a member of the Academy’s class of 1982 became the first woman of Korean descent from any military service to be promoted to flag officer; Whereas, in 2009, a member of the Acad-emy’s class of 2006 was the first woman Academy graduate killed by enemy action; Whereas, on June 21, 2010, the Academy’s first woman Vice Superintendent, and a member of the Academy’s class of 1983, took office; Whereas, on July 16, 2010, a graduate from the Academy’s class of 1984 became the first woman of Hispanic descent in the United States Air Force to be promoted to flag offi-cer; Whereas, on June 5, 2012, a member of the Academy’s class of 1980 became the first woman in the United States Air Force to at-tain the rank of 4-star general; Whereas, in August 2013, a member of the Academy’s class of 1981 became the first woman Superintendent of the Academy; Whereas, in August 2014, a member of the Academy’s class of 1993 became the first woman to command a United States Air Force bomb wing; and Whereas, between 1976 and 2016, 5,381 women were commissioned through the Academy: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of October 8, 2016, as ‘‘40 Years of Women Cadets at the United States Air Force Academy Day’’; (2) commends the extraordinary accom-plishments of the women cadets and grad-uates of the United States Air Force Acad-emy in Colorado Springs, Colorado, and the service to the United States of those cadets and graduates; and (3) honors past, present, and future women who serve in the United States Air Force. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.022 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6282 September 29, 2016 
SENATE RESOLUTION 612—RECOG-NIZING THE WEATHERIZATION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM DURING ITS 40TH ANNIVERSARY YEAR FOR ITS HISTORY OF REDUCING THE ENERGY COSTS OF FAMI-LIES WITH LOW INCOMES, MAK-ING LOW-INCOME HOUSEHOLDS HEALTHIER AND SAFER, POSI-TIVELY IMPACTING THE ENVI-RONMENT, AND SUPPORTING JOBS AND NEW TECHNOLOGY Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
S. R ES. 612 Whereas Congress has long recognized the disproportionate energy burden on families and individuals with low incomes; Whereas, in 1976, Congress and the Depart-ment of Energy developed the Weatheriza-tion Assistance Program (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘WAP’’) to increase the en-ergy efficiency of dwellings owned or occu-pied by low-income individuals, reduce the total residential energy expenditures of those individuals, and improve the health and safety of those individuals, especially low-income individuals who are particularly vulnerable, such as the elderly, persons with disabilities, families with children, high resi-dential energy users, and households with high energy burdens; Whereas low-income households on average pay 7.2 percent of the income of those house-holds on utilities, more than 3 times the amount that higher income households pay; Whereas at least 
1⁄4of low-income house-holds in many regions experience an energy burden that is greater than 14 percent of household income; Whereas nearly 9,000,000 families across the United States live in energy inefficient, unhealthy homes; Whereas the WAP operates in all 50 States, the District of Columbia, 5 territories of the United States, and Indian tribal govern-ments; Whereas more than 7,400,000 homes have been weatherized since the inception of the WAP in 1976; Whereas, in a typical year, the WAP pro-duces more than $300,000,000 in energy cost savings; Whereas a typical low-income family saves between $250 and $450 per year after receiving weatherization services; Whereas every dollar invested in weather-ization returns $4.10 to society in energy, health, and safety benefits; Whereas children in households that re-ceive weatherization services miss fewer days of school due to incidences of asthma, respiratory difficulties, and other health re-lated issues; Whereas investment in the WAP by the Federal Government and other sources sup-ports more than 25,000 jobs across the United States in related industries; Whereas the WAP decreases pollution and improves air quality; Whereas the WAP has increased its impact through a strategic partnership with the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Pro-gram (commonly known as the ‘‘LIHEAP’’) of the Department of Health and Human Services; Whereas the WAP has implemented rig-orous quality control standards and proce-dures; Whereas the WAP has incorporated cutting edge technologies; and Whereas, by decreasing the amount of per-sonal income spent on home energy, the WAP makes housing more affordable, im-proves the quality of life for families with low incomes, reduces forced mobility, and in-creases the energy security of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the Weatherization Assist-ance Program for 40 years of reducing the en-ergy burden of families with low incomes, making low-income households healthier and safer, positively impacting the environment, and supporting jobs and new technology; (2) encourages the Weatherization Assist-ance Program to continue performing essen-tial weatherization services in the future; (3) applauds the dedicated professionals at the Federal, State, and local levels who run the daily operations of the Weatherization Assistance Program; and (4) congratulates the Weatherization As-sistance Program on the 40th anniversary of the Weatherization Assistance Program being signed into law on August 14, 1976. f SENATE RESOLUTION 613—RECOG-NIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF NORTH MISSISSIPPI RURAL LEGAL SERVICES IN OXFORD, MISSISSIPPI Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. C
OCH-
RAN, and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 613 Whereas North Mississippi Rural Legal Services, originally called Lafayette County Legal Aid, was organized in 1966 as a training program for law students at the University of Mississippi School of Law; Whereas North Mississippi Rural Legal Services was organized to combine the provi-sion of legal services with a teaching pro-gram to develop a law school curriculum with a focus on the legal problems of low-in-come individuals, and North Mississippi Rural Legal Services was subsequently in-corporated as an independent nonprofit cor-poration, receiving funds from the National Legal Services Corporation; Whereas the mission of North Mississippi Rural Legal Services is to provide high-qual-ity attorney representation and advocacy to ensure equal access to justice for vulnerable members of society through constant train-ing, self-analysis, and community involve-ment; Whereas North Mississippi Rural Legal Services provides the highest quality of legal and technical assistance, which improves the daily quality of life for low-income individ-uals and contributes to the attainment of so-cial, economic, and legal equality; Whereas North Mississippi Rural Legal Services is governed by a 25-member board of directors appointed by the Mississippi Bar, the Magnolia Bar, and local advisory com-mittees; Whereas North Mississippi Rural Legal Services has administrative offices in Ox-ford, Mississippi, and offices in Clarksdale, Greenville, and West Point, Mississippi, all of which strive daily to meet the unmet civil legal needs of low-income Mississippians; Whereas there are more than 250,000 low- income individuals in the 39-county service area of North Mississippi Rural Legal Serv-ices, which, as of 2015, has served more than 17,000 Mississippians, providing access to the legal system that might otherwise be un-available to those individuals due to their economic situation; Whereas over the last 50 years, North Mis-sissippi Rural Legal Services has partnered with various funders, attorneys, friends, and corporate and individual supporters to pro-vide thousands of low-income clients with habitable and affordable housing, safety, healthcare, economic security, and financial independence while ensuring that each client maintains inherent human dignity; Whereas 50 years ago, the journey began to provide high-quality legal representation to low-income Mississippians to ensure equal access to the courts of the State of Mis-sissippi; Whereas in 2016, North Mississippi Rural Legal Services continues the quest for jus-tice to serve individuals and families regard-less of race, age, gender, and ethnicity; and Whereas the partnership between North Mississippi Rural Legal Services and the University of Mississippi School of Law con-tinues the work of educating law students to increase the number of attorneys in the State of Mississippi who are sensitive to the needs of low-income individuals and knowl-edgeable in the areas of the law that affect those individuals: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes and commends outstanding acts of public service like those of North Mississippi Rural Legal Services; (2) with great pride, joins in paying tribute to North Mississippi Rural Legal Services, a most effective and public-spirited organiza-tion, the advocacy of which on behalf of less fortunate Mississippians is a matter of record; and (3) recognizes the 50th anniversary of North Mississippi Rural Legal Services in Oxford, Mississippi. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 55—COMMEMORATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 1916 OPENING OF THE TEXAS A&M COLLEGE OF VETERINARY MEDI-CINE & BIOMEDICAL SCIENCES AND THE 2016 OPENING OF THE NEW TEXAS A&M VETERINARY & BIOMEDICAL EDUCATION COM-PLEX IN COLLEGE STATION, TEXAS Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted the following concur-rent resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. C ON. RES. 55 Whereas the Texas A&M College of Veteri-nary Medicine & Biomedical Sciences has ex-perienced 100 years of growth from a small school of veterinary medicine in 1916 to its present role as a major veterinary and bio-medical educational, medical, and research center; Whereas the Texas A&M College of Veteri-nary Medicine & Biomedical Sciences— (1) serves the great State of Texas and the United States through advances in animal and human health; (2) supports the livestock industry; (3) provides viable and diverse professional career paths for Texans; (4) promotes science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics education; (5) contributes to the economic viability and job opportunities of local communities; (6) provides disaster and emergency re-sponse support for animals throughout the State of Texas; and (7) advances the veterinary profession; Whereas the Texas A&M College of Veteri-nary Medicine & Biomedical Sciences has continuously evolved with a changing world to become a modern, dynamic, and highly re-spected college of veterinary medicine and is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.022 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6283 September 29, 2016 
one of the largest colleges of veterinary med-icine in the United States; Whereas, as of May 2016, the Texas A&M College of Veterinary Medicine & Biomedical Sciences has graduated 7,576 veterinarians into the veterinary profession, contributing a $4,000,000,000 economic benefit to the State of Texas; Whereas, in 2015, Quacquarelli Symonds, an educational firm that ranks veterinary med-icine schools, ranked the Texas A&M College of Veterinary Medicine & Biomedical Sciences sixth in the world and third in the United States, which is testament to the hard work and dedication of generations of Aggie students, faculty, staff, and veterinar-ians; Whereas the Texas A&M College of Veteri-nary Medicine & Biomedical Sciences strives to improve the health and well-being of ani-mals, humans, and the environment through— (1) collaborative learning, discovery, and innovation in basic, applied, and translational research; and (2) commercialization in biomedical sciences; Whereas the Texas A&M College of Veteri-nary Medicine & Biomedical Sciences offers research signature programs in biomedical genomics, toxicology and environmental health, infectious disease and biodefense, neuroscience, reproductive biology, cardio-vascular sciences, and veterinary clinical re-search, with increasing strength in regenera-tive medicine; Whereas one of the core values of the Texas A&M College of Veterinary Medicine & Biomedical Sciences is service, and the Veterinary Emergency Team of the Texas A&M College of Veterinary Medicine & Bio-medical Sciences— (1) is the largest and most sophisticated veterinary medical disaster response team in the United States; (2) provides cutting-edge emergency man-agement education; (3) develops new knowledge in emergency preparedness and response; and (4) develops emergency preparedness plans for local communities throughout the State of Texas; Whereas the faculty, staff, and students of the Texas A&M College of Veterinary Medi-cine & Biomedical Sciences contribute to ever-evolving societal needs through their mission of education, research, and service in the field of veterinary medicine; Whereas, in addition to contributing to the veterinary workforce, the economic benefit of the Texas A&M College of Veterinary Medicine & Biomedical Sciences includes the protection of the $18,000,000,000 animal agri-culture industry and the $7,000,000,000 wild-life industry of the State of Texas; Whereas the Texas A&M College of Veteri-nary Medicine & Biomedical Sciences is de-veloping an integrated system that connects distant communities and regions of the great State of Texas through strategic partner-ships with the Texas A&M Veterinary Med-ical Center; Whereas the strategic partnerships with the Texas A&M Veterinary Medical Center will leverage and synergize the strengths of the Texas A&M College of Veterinary Medi-cine & Biomedical Sciences, the Texas A&M System, and constituencies— (1) to advance animal, human, and environ-mental health throughout the State of Texas; (2) to invest in the young people of the State of Texas as they seek professional ca-reers in veterinary medicine, biomedical sciences, and related disciplines; and (3) to contribute to the stability and growth of the economy of the State of Texas; and Whereas the new Texas A&M Veterinary & Biomedical Education complex— (1) will house state-of-the-art classroom and teaching laboratory space that will en-hance the learning environment for veteri-nary and biomedical science students; (2) combined with the expansion of the small animal hospital, will— (A) provide opportunities for innovations in teaching; and (B) nurture collaboration and creativity; and (3) will enable the recruitment of the best students, faculty, and staff to the Texas A&M College of Veterinary Medicine & Bio-medical Sciences: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress com-memorates the 100th anniversary of the 1916 opening of the Texas A&M College of Veteri-nary Medicine & Biomedical Sciences and the 2016 opening of the new Texas A&M Vet-erinary & Biomedical Education complex in College Station, Texas. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 5106. Mrs. FISCHER (for Mr. U DALL ) proposed an amendment to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 122, supporting ef-forts to stop the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cultural items of American Indians, Alaska Natives, and Native Hawaiians in the United States and internationally. SA 5107. Mrs. FISCHER (for Mr. U
DALL ) proposed an amendment to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 122, supra. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 5106. Mrs. FISCHER (for Mr. U
DALL ) proposed an amendment to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 122, supporting efforts to stop the theft, il-legal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cultural items of Amer-ican Indians, Alaska Natives, and Na-tive Hawaiians in the United States and internationally; as follows: 
Strike all after the resolving clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This concurrent resolution may be cited as the ‘‘Protection of the Right of Tribes to stop the Export of Cultural and Traditional Patrimony Resolution’’ or the ‘‘PROTECT Patrimony Resolution’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this resolution: (1) N
ATIVE AMERICAN .—The term ‘‘Native American’’ means— (A) with respect to an individual, an indi-vidual who is a member of an Indian tribe (as defined in section 2 of the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001)); and (B) with respect to the cultural nature or significance of an item, right, or other object or concept, being of or significant to— (i) an Indian tribe (as defined in section 2 of the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001)); or (ii) a Native Hawaiian organization (as de-fined in that section (25 U.S.C. 3001)). (2) T
RIBAL CULTURAL ITEM .—The term ‘‘tribal cultural item’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘cultural item’’ in section 2 of the Native American Graves Protection and Re-patriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001). 
SEC. 3. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Tribal cultural items— (A) have ongoing historical, traditional, or cultural importance central to a Native American group or culture; (B) cannot be alienated, appropriated, or conveyed by any individual; and (C) are vital to Native American cultural survival and the maintenance of Native American ways of life. (2) The nature and description of tribal cul-tural items are sensitive and to be treated with respect and confidentiality, as appro-priate. (3) Violators often export tribal cultural items internationally with the intent of evading Federal and tribal laws. (4) Tribal cultural items continue to be re-moved from the possession of Native Ameri-cans and sold in black or public markets in violation of Federal and tribal laws, includ-ing laws designed to protect Native Amer-ican cultural property rights. (5) The illegal trade of tribal cultural items involves a sophisticated and lucrative black market, where the items are traded through domestic markets and then are often exported internationally. (6) Auction houses in foreign countries have held sales of tribal cultural items from the Pueblo of Acoma, the Pueblo of Laguna, the Pueblo of San Felipe, the Hopi Tribe, and other Indian tribes. (7) After tribal cultural items are exported internationally, Native Americans have dif-ficulty stopping the sale of the items and se-curing their repatriation to their home com-munities, where the items belong. (8) Federal agencies have a responsibility to consult with Native Americans to stop the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cultural items. (9) An increase in the investigation and successful prosecution of violations of the Native American Graves Protection and Re-patriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.) and the Archaeological Resources Protection Act of 1979 (16 U.S.C. 470aa et seq.) is necessary to deter illegal trading in tribal cultural items. (10) Many Indian tribes and tribal organi-zations have passed resolutions condemning the theft and sale of tribal cultural items, including the following: (A) The National Congress of American In-dians passed Resolutions SAC–12–008 and SD– 15–075 to call on the United States, in con-sultation with Native Americans— (i) to address international repatriation; and (ii) to take affirmative actions to stop the theft and illegal sale of tribal cultural items both domestically and internationally. (B) The All Pueblo Council of Governors, representative of 20 Pueblo Indian tribes— (i) noted that the Pueblo Indian tribes of the Southwestern United States have been disproportionately affected by the sale of tribal cultural items both domestically and internationally in violation of Federal and tribal laws; and (ii) passed Resolutions 2015–12 and 2015–13 to call on the United States, in consultation with Native Americans— (I) to address international repatriation; and (II) to take affirmative actions to stop the theft and illegal sale of tribal cultural items both domestically and internationally. (C) The United South and Eastern Tribes, an intertribal organization comprised of 26 federally recognized Indian tribes, passed Resolution 2015:007, which calls on the United States to address all means to sup-port the repatriation of tribal cultural items from beyond United States borders. (D) The Inter-Tribal Council of the Five Civilized Tribes, uniting the Chickasaw, Choctaw, Cherokee, Muscogee (Creek), and Seminole Nations, passed Resolution 12–07, which requests that the United States, after 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.022 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6284 September 29, 2016 
consultation with Native Americans, assist in international repatriation and take imme-diate action to address repatriation. 
SEC. 4. DECLARATION OF CONGRESS. 
Congress— (1) condemns the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cul-tural items; (2) calls on the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, and the Attorney General to consult with Native Americans, including tradi-tional Native American religious leaders, in addressing the practices described in para-graph (1)— (A) to take affirmative action to stop the practices; and (B) to secure repatriation of tribal cultural items to Native Americans; (3) supports the efforts of the Comptroller General of the United States— (A) to determine the scope of illegal traf-ficking in tribal cultural items domestically and internationally; and (B) to discuss with Native Americans, in-cluding traditional Native American reli-gious leaders, relevant Federal officials, and other individuals and entities, as appro-priate, the steps required— (i) to end illegal trafficking in, and the ex-port of, tribal cultural items; and (ii) to secure repatriation of tribal cultural items to the appropriate Native Americans; (4) supports the development of explicit re-strictions on the export of tribal cultural items; and (5) encourages State and local governments and interested groups and organizations to work cooperatively in— (A) deterring the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cul-tural items; and (B) securing the repatriation of tribal cul-tural items to the appropriate Native Ameri-cans. 
SA 5107. Mrs. FISCHER (for Mr. U
DALL ) proposed an amendment to the concurrent resolution H. Con. Res. 122, supporting efforts to stop the theft, il-legal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cultural items of Amer-ican Indians, Alaska Natives, and Na-tive Hawaiians in the United States and internationally; as follows: 
Strike the preamble. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 29, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Regional Impact on Syria Conflict: Syria, Turkey, and Iraq.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON REGULATORY AFFAIRS AND  
FEDERAL MANAGEMENT  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management of the Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 29, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Understanding the Millennial Perspective in Deciding to Pursue and Remain in Federal Employment.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. AMENDING TITLE 49, UNITED STATES CODE, WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN GRANT ASSUR-ANCES Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 5944, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 5944) to amend title 49, United States Code, with respect to certain grant assurances, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5944) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
OMNIBUS TERRITORIES ACT OF 2015 Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 583, S. 2360. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2360) to improve the administra-tion of certain programs in the insular areas, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment, as follows: (Strike the part in boldface brackets and insert the part printed in italic.) 
S. 2360 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Omnibus Territories Act of 2015’’. 
øSEC. 2. RESETTLEMENT AND RELOCATION FOR THE PEOPLE OF BIKINI. 
øThe first proviso under the heading ‘‘
TRUST TERRITORY OF THE PACIFIC ISLANDS ’’ under the heading ‘‘O
FFICE OF TERRITORIAL  A
FFAIRS ’’ under the heading ‘‘DEPART-MENT OF THE INTERIOR’’ in chapter VIII of title I of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 1982 (Public Law 97–257; 96 Stat. 840), is amended by striking ‘‘in the Marshall Is-lands, principally on Kili and Ejit Islands’’. 
øSEC. 3. RELIABLE AIR SERVICE IN AMERICAN SAMOA. 
øSection 41703(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— ø(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; ø(2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and ø(3) by adding at the end the following: ø‘‘(3) notwithstanding subsection (a)(1), the navigation under this subsection is nec-essary to provide and sustain air commerce in American Samoa between the islands of Tutuila and Manu’a.’’.¿ 
SEC. 2. RESETTLEMENT AND RELOCATION FOR THE PEOPLE OF BIKINI. 
The matter under the heading ‘‘ TRUST TERRI -
TORY OF THE PACIFIC ISLANDS ’’ under the head-ing ‘‘OFFICE OF TERRITORIAL AFFAIRS ’’ under the heading ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF THE INTE-RIOR’’ in chapter VIII of title I of the Supple-mental Appropriations Act, 1982 (Public Law 97– 257; 96 Stat. 840), is amended by striking the first proviso and inserting ‘‘Provided, That such funds, including funds provided pursuant to the Department of the Interior and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act, 1989 (Public Law 100– 446; 102 Stat. 1774), shall be available for the re-location and resettlement of the Bikini people living on Kili and Ejit Islands, on the condition that the Secretary of the Interior submits to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives a reset-tlement plan developed in coordination with the Bikini Atoll leadership: Provided further, That for any fiscal year, annual expenditures from the Resettlement Fund established by this sec-tion and pursuant to the Department of the In-terior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1989 (Public Law 100–446; 102 Stat. 1774) may not exceed an amount that is greater than 90 percent of the average annual earnings of the Fund for the preceding 5 years unless for reset-tlement purposes outside of the Marshall Is-lands:’’. 
SEC. 3. RELIABLE AIR SERVICE IN AMERICAN SAMOA. 
Section 40109(g) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking subparagraph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) review the exemption at least every 30 days (or, in the case of exemptions that are nec-essary to provide and sustain air transportation in American Samoa between the islands of Tutuila and Manu’a, at least every 180 days), to ensure that the unusual circumstances that es-tablished the need for the exemption still exist.’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) R
ENEWAL OF EXEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), the Secretary may renew an ex-emption (including renewals) under this sub-section for not more than 30 days. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—An exemption that is nec-essary to provide and sustain air transportation in American Samoa between the islands of Tutuila and Manu’a, may be renewed for not more than 180 days. ‘‘(4) C
ONTINUATION OF EXEMPTIONS .—An ex- emption may continue for not more than 5 days after the unusual circumstances that established the need for the exemption cease.’’. 
SEC. 4. DRIVERS’ LICENSES AND PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION CARDS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF STATE .—Section 201(5) of the REAL ID Act of 2005 (49 U.S.C. 30301 note; Public Law 109–13) is amended by striking ‘‘the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands,’’. (b) E
VIDENCE OF LAWFUL STATUS .—Section 202(c)(2)(B) of the REAL ID Act of 2005 (49 U.S.C. 30301 note; Public Law 109–13) is amended— (1) in clause (viii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in clause (ix), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(x) is a citizen of the Republic of the Mar-shall Islands, the Federated States of Micro-nesia, or the Republic of Palau who has been admitted to the United States as a non-immigrant pursuant to a Compact of Free Association between the United States and the Republic or Federated States.’’. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29SE6.023 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6285 September 29, 2016 
The committee-reported amendment was agreed to. The bill (S. 2360), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2360 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Omnibus Territories Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. RESETTLEMENT AND RELOCATION FOR THE PEOPLE OF BIKINI. 
The matter under the heading ‘‘ TRUST TER -
RITORY OF THE PACIFIC ISLANDS ’’ under the heading ‘‘O
FFICE OF TERRITORIAL AFFAIRS ’’ under the heading ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR’’ in chapter VIII of title I of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 1982 (Pub-lic Law 97–257; 96 Stat. 840), is amended by striking the first proviso and inserting ‘‘ Pro- vided, That such funds, including funds pro-vided pursuant to the Department of the In-terior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1989 (Public Law 100–446; 102 Stat. 1774), shall be available for the relocation and re-settlement of the Bikini people living on Kili and Ejit Islands, on the condition that the Secretary of the Interior submits to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a resettlement plan developed in coordination with the Bikini Atoll leadership: Provided further, That for any fiscal year, annual ex-penditures from the Resettlement Fund es-tablished by this section and pursuant to the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1989 (Public Law 100–446; 102 Stat. 1774) may not exceed an amount that is greater than 90 percent of the average annual earnings of the Fund for the preceding 5 years unless for resettlement purposes outside of the Marshall Islands:’’. 
SEC. 3. RELIABLE AIR SERVICE IN AMERICAN SAMOA. 
Section 40109(g) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-graph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) review the exemption at least every 30 days (or, in the case of exemptions that are necessary to provide and sustain air trans-portation in American Samoa between the islands of Tutuila and Manu’a, at least every 180 days), to ensure that the unusual cir-cumstances that established the need for the exemption still exist.’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) R
ENEWAL OF EXEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Secretary may renew an exemption (including renewals) under this subsection for not more than 30 days. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—An exemption that is necessary to provide and sustain air trans-portation in American Samoa between the islands of Tutuila and Manu’a, may be re-newed for not more than 180 days. ‘‘(4) C
ONTINUATION OF EXEMPTIONS .—An ex- emption may continue for not more than 5 days after the unusual circumstances that established the need for the exemption cease.’’. 
SEC. 4. DRIVERS’ LICENSES AND PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION CARDS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF STATE .—Section 201(5) of the REAL ID Act of 2005 (49 U.S.C. 30301 note; Public Law 109–13) is amended by striking ‘‘the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands,’’. (b) E
VIDENCE OF LAWFUL STATUS .—Section 202(c)(2)(B) of the REAL ID Act of 2005 (49 U.S.C. 30301 note; Public Law 109–13) is amended— (1) in clause (viii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in clause (ix), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(x) is a citizen of the Republic of the Mar-shall Islands, the Federated States of Micro-nesia, or the Republic of Palau who has been admitted to the United States as a non-immigrant pursuant to a Compact of Free Association between the United States and the Republic or Federated States.’’. f UNITED STATES APPRECIATION FOR OLYMPIANS AND PARALYMPIANS ACT OF 2016 Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 5946, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5946) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any prizes or awards won in competi-tion in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5946) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
AMENDING THE WHITE MOUNTAIN APACHE TRIBE WATER RIGHTS QUANTIFICATION ACT OF 2010 Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 651, S. 2959. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2959) to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with amendments, as follows: (The parts of the bill intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italics.) 
S. 2959 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. USE OF FUNDS IN WMAT SETTLE-MENT FUND FOR WMAT RURAL WATER SYSTEM. 
øSection¿ (a) A
UTHORIZATION OF WMAT R URAL WATER S
YSTEM .—Section 307(a) of the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–291; 124 Stat. 3080) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘, (b)(2),’’ after ‘‘subsections (a)’’. (b) FUNDING .—Section 312(b)(2)(C)(i)(III) of the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–291; 124 Stat. 3093) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, including the øWMAT rural water system in accordance with subsection (e)(4)¿ planning, design, and construction of the WMAT rural water system, in accordance with section 307(a).’’. 
Mrs. FISCHER. I ask unanimous con-sent that the committee-reported amendments be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were agreed to. The bill (S. 2959), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2959 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. USE OF FUNDS IN WMAT SETTLE-MENT FUND FOR WMAT RURAL WATER SYSTEM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF WMAT R URAL WATER  S
YSTEM .—Section 307(a) of the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–291; 124 Stat. 3080) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘, (b)(2),’’ after ‘‘subsections (a)’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Section 312(b)(2)(C)(i)(III) of the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–291; 124 Stat. 3093) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, including the planning, de-sign, and construction of the WMAT rural water system, in accordance with section 307(a).’’. f 
NEVADA NATIVE NATIONS LAND ACT Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 2733, which is at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2733) to require the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 2733) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.024 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6286 September 29, 2016 
ALYCE SPOTTED BEAR AND WAL-TER SOBOLEFF COMMISSION ON NATIVE CHILDREN ACT Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate the message from the House on S. 246, the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Chil-dren Act. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 246) entitled ‘‘An Act to establish the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commis-sion on Native Children, and for other pur-poses.’’, do pass with an amendment. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to concur in the House amend-ment be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 40TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE FIRST CLASS OF WOMEN ADMITTED TO THE COAST GUARD ACADEMY Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. Res. 579 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 579) recognizing the 40th Anniversary of the first class of women admitted to the Coast Guard Academy. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 579) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of September 26, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 600, S. Res. 601, and S. Con. Res. 55. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s RECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
PROVIDING FOR A CONDITIONAL ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Chair lay before the Senate H. Con. Res. 166, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 166) providing for a conditional adjournment of the House of Representatives. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the con-current resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 166) was agreed to, as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 166 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That when the House ad-journs on any legislative day from Wednes-day, September 28, 2016, through Friday, No-vember 11, 2016, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand adjourned until 2 p.m. on Monday, November 14, 2016, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 2 of this concurrent resolution, whichever occurs first. S
EC. 2. (a) The Speaker or his designee, after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. (b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-section (a), when the House adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the House shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME—S. 3464 AND H.R. 6094 Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I understand there are two bills at the desk and I ask for their first reading en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bills by title for the first time en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 3464) to provide incremental in-creases to the salary threshold for exemp-tions for executive, administrative, profes-sional, outside sales, and computer employ-ees under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, and for other purposes. A bill (H.R. 6094) to provide for a 6-month delay in the effective date of a rule of the Department of Labor relating to income thresholds for determining overtime pay for executive, administrative, professional, out-side sales, and computer employees. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I now ask for a second reading, and I ob-ject to my own request, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The bills will receive their second reading on the next legislative day. 
f 
REPORTING AUTHORITY Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the Senate’s adjournment, committees be authorized to report legislative and executive matters on Thursday, October 27, from 10 a.m. to 12 noon. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS AUTHORITY Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the President of the Sen-ate, the President pro tempore, and the majority and minority leaders be au-thorized to make appointments to com-missions, committees, boards, con-ferences, or interparliamentary con-ferences authorized by law, by concur-rent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SIGNING AUTHORITY Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the junior Senator from Louisiana be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint reso-lutions on Thursday, September 29, through Monday, November 14. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROTECT PATRIMONY RESOLUTION Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H. Con. Res. 122, which is at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 122) supporting efforts to stop the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cultural items of American Indians, Alaska Natives, and Native Hawaiians in the United States and internationally. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.061 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6287 September 29, 2016 
Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Udall amendment to the concurrent resolu-tion be agreed to; the concurrent reso-lution, as amended, be agreed to; that the Udall amendment to the preamble be agreed to; the preamble, as amend-ed, be agreed to; and the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 5106) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the resolving clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This concurrent resolution may be cited as the ‘‘Protection of the Right of Tribes to stop the Export of Cultural and Traditional Patrimony Resolution’’ or the ‘‘PROTECT Patrimony Resolution’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this resolution: (1) N
ATIVE AMERICAN .—The term ‘‘Native American’’ means— (A) with respect to an individual, an indi-vidual who is a member of an Indian tribe (as defined in section 2 of the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001)); and (B) with respect to the cultural nature or significance of an item, right, or other object or concept, being of or significant to— (i) an Indian tribe (as defined in section 2 of the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001)); or (ii) a Native Hawaiian organization (as de-fined in that section (25 U.S.C. 3001)). (2) T
RIBAL CULTURAL ITEM .—The term ‘‘tribal cultural item’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘cultural item’’ in section 2 of the Native American Graves Protection and Re-patriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001). 
SEC. 3. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Tribal cultural items— (A) have ongoing historical, traditional, or cultural importance central to a Native American group or culture; (B) cannot be alienated, appropriated, or conveyed by any individual; and (C) are vital to Native American cultural survival and the maintenance of Native American ways of life. (2) The nature and description of tribal cul-tural items are sensitive and to be treated with respect and confidentiality, as appro-priate. (3) Violators often export tribal cultural items internationally with the intent of evading Federal and tribal laws. (4) Tribal cultural items continue to be re-moved from the possession of Native Ameri-cans and sold in black or public markets in violation of Federal and tribal laws, includ-ing laws designed to protect Native Amer-ican cultural property rights. (5) The illegal trade of tribal cultural items involves a sophisticated and lucrative black market, where the items are traded through domestic markets and then are often exported internationally. (6) Auction houses in foreign countries have held sales of tribal cultural items from the Pueblo of Acoma, the Pueblo of Laguna, the Pueblo of San Felipe, the Hopi Tribe, and other Indian tribes. (7) After tribal cultural items are exported internationally, Native Americans have dif-ficulty stopping the sale of the items and se-curing their repatriation to their home com-munities, where the items belong. (8) Federal agencies have a responsibility to consult with Native Americans to stop the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cultural items. (9) An increase in the investigation and successful prosecution of violations of the Native American Graves Protection and Re-patriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.) and the Archaeological Resources Protection Act of 1979 (16 U.S.C. 470aa et seq.) is necessary to deter illegal trading in tribal cultural items. (10) Many Indian tribes and tribal organi-zations have passed resolutions condemning the theft and sale of tribal cultural items, including the following: (A) The National Congress of American In-dians passed Resolutions SAC–12–008 and SD– 15–075 to call on the United States, in con-sultation with Native Americans— (i) to address international repatriation; and (ii) to take affirmative actions to stop the theft and illegal sale of tribal cultural items both domestically and internationally. (B) The All Pueblo Council of Governors, representative of 20 Pueblo Indian tribes— (i) noted that the Pueblo Indian tribes of the Southwestern United States have been disproportionately affected by the sale of tribal cultural items both domestically and internationally in violation of Federal and tribal laws; and (ii) passed Resolutions 2015–12 and 2015–13 to call on the United States, in consultation with Native Americans— (I) to address international repatriation; and (II) to take affirmative actions to stop the theft and illegal sale of tribal cultural items both domestically and internationally. (C) The United South and Eastern Tribes, an intertribal organization comprised of 26 federally recognized Indian tribes, passed Resolution 2015:007, which calls on the United States to address all means to sup-port the repatriation of tribal cultural items from beyond United States borders. (D) The Inter-Tribal Council of the Five Civilized Tribes, uniting the Chickasaw, Choctaw, Cherokee, Muscogee (Creek), and Seminole Nations, passed Resolution 12–07, which requests that the United States, after consultation with Native Americans, assist in international repatriation and take imme-diate action to address repatriation. 
SEC. 4. DECLARATION OF CONGRESS. 
Congress— (1) condemns the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cul-tural items; (2) calls on the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, and the Attorney General to consult with Native Americans, including tradi-tional Native American religious leaders, in addressing the practices described in para-graph (1)— (A) to take affirmative action to stop the practices; and (B) to secure repatriation of tribal cultural items to Native Americans; (3) supports the efforts of the Comptroller General of the United States— (A) to determine the scope of illegal traf-ficking in tribal cultural items domestically and internationally; and (B) to discuss with Native Americans, in-cluding traditional Native American reli-gious leaders, relevant Federal officials, and other individuals and entities, as appro-priate, the steps required— (i) to end illegal trafficking in, and the ex-port of, tribal cultural items; and (ii) to secure repatriation of tribal cultural items to the appropriate Native Americans; (4) supports the development of explicit re-strictions on the export of tribal cultural items; and (5) encourages State and local governments and interested groups and organizations to work cooperatively in— (A) deterring the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cul-tural items; and (B) securing the repatriation of tribal cul-tural items to the appropriate Native Ameri-cans. The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 122), as amended, was agreed to. The amendment (No. 5107) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To strike the preamble) Strike the preamble. 
The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 2016, THROUGH TUESDAY, NO-VEMBER 15, 2016 Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: October 3, at 10:30 a.m.; October 6, at 10:30 a.m.; October 7, at 2 p.m.; October 11, at 9 a.m.; October 13, at 2 p.m.; October 17, at 11 a.m.; October 20, at 3 p.m.; Octo-ber 24, at 10:30 a.m.; October 27, at 10:30 a.m.; October 31, at 4:30 p.m.; November 3, at 2 p.m.; November 7, at 10:30 a.m.; November 10, at 10 a.m.; and November 14, at 5:30 p.m.; I further ask that when the Senate adjourns on Monday, No-vember 14, it next convene at 4 p.m., Tuesday, November 15; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be re-served for their use later in the day; I ask that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning busi-ness until 5 p.m., with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 2016, AT 10:30 A.M. Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 1:32 p.m., adjourned until Monday, October 3, 2016, at 10:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29SE6.058 S29SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1401 September 29, 2016 
SAN LUIS REY INDIAN WATER RIGHTS SETTLEMENT ACT AMENDMENT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1296, a bill to amend the San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act to clarify certain settle-ment terms, approves and ratifies a settlement agreement entered into among the United States; five Bands of Mission Indians in north-ern San Diego County; the City of Escondido, California; and the Vista Irrigation District. The settlement agreement was contemplated by the 1988 San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act, in which Congress, seeking to end decades of litigation, created a $30 million trust fund to be provided to the Bands with in-terest upon execution of a settlement. That amount was appropriated for the trust fund in 1989. The parties’ settlement agreement requires ratification and approval by Congress in order to be effective, hence the introduction of H.R. 1296. After the House Natural Resources Committee reported H.R. 1296, the Congres-sional Budget Office concluded that the bill would increase net direct federal spending by $18 million over the 2017 through 2026 pe-riod. After further discussions, the bill was amended in a way that CBO concluded would eliminate the $18 million spending effect. Spe-cifically, the amended H.R. 1296 provides that the money in the trust fund—rather than be-coming fully available to the Bands imme-diately upon the settlement taking effect as the 1988 Act provided—would be made available at the rate of $3.7 million per year, with the Bands having the option to withdraw less than that amount. The House passed H.R. 1296 with this amendment on September 22, 2016. The only change regarding the trust fund that H.R. 1296 as amended makes to the 1988 Act is to change the rate at which the money in the trust fund is made available to the Bands. The full amount of the fund that Congress appropriated in 1989, including the interest that has been and will continue to be earned on that money, is unchanged. And cru-cially, the agreement to limit the annual alloca-tions to no more than $3.7 million does not af-fect the Bands’ right to eventually receive all of the money in the trust fund once the settle-ment takes effect. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SAM E. CURL 
HON. RANDY NEUGEBAUER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and salute the life of Dr. Samuel ‘‘Sam’’ E. Curl, who passed away Au-gust 2, 2016. Sam grew up near Tolar, Texas, where he graduated from high school in 1955. After earning a junior college diploma at Tarleton State University in 1957, he continued on to Sam Houston State University where he re-ceived his bachelor’s degree. Then he earned a master’s degree in Animal Genetics from the University of Missouri and a Ph.D. in Animal Physiology from Texas A&M University. He earned the rank of Captain through his service in the United States Army. After his service, Dr. Curl was a Special As-sistant to the President and then President of Phillips University in Enid, Oklahoma, and au-thored or co-authored three books and 95 sci-entific technical publications. Dr. Curl then moved to Texas Tech University, my alma mater, where he served a total 31 years, in-cluding three years as Associate Vice Presi-dent for Academic Affairs. Before that, he was Dean of the College of Agricultural Sciences and Natural Resources from 1979 to 1997. He moved to Oklahoma State University in 1997 to head their College of Agricultural Sciences and Natural Resources, as well as being the Director of the Oklahoma Agricultural Experi-ment Station, and the Oklahoma Cooperative Extension Service. After retiring from working full time in 2004, Dr. Curl worked as a part- time consultant. For all of his amazing accomplishments as a professional and an academic, I knew Sam as a loving father and grandfather who de-lighted in spending time with his family. He was an active member of Acton United Meth-odist Church. His passions for fishing, travel-ling, sports, and musical theatre were well known to his friends and family. I know that his wife, Mary, and his children Jane, Julia, Karen, and stepchildren Ryan and Shelly will miss him dearly, as will his grandchildren Ra-chel, Robert, Greyson, Avery, Robert, and Daisy. Those who knew him, myself included, are better for having known Dr. Sam Curl, and I ask my colleagues to join me in this tribute to his wonderful life. He will be missed. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained on September 22, 2016, and I missed votes in the House. If I had been present, I would have voted against the mo-tion ordering the previous question on H. Res. 879 (the rule providing for consideration of H.R. 5931, Prohibiting Future Ransom Pay-ments to Iran Act), against the rule (H. Res. 879), and against final passage of the Empow-ering Employees through Stock Ownership Act (H.R. 5719). I would have supported H.R. 5320, Social Security Must Avert Identity Loss (MAIL) Act, H.R. 5946, the United States Ap-preciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act, H.R. 2285, the Preventing Trafficking in Cultural Property Act, and H.R. 5523, Clyde- Hirsch-Sowers RESPECT Act. I would have voted against ordering the pre-vious question on the rule providing for con-sideration of H.R. 5931 so that H.R. 4479, the Families of Flint Act, could have been made in order. I am a proud cosponsor of H.R. 4479, which would provide $765 million to improve water infrastructure and provide resources to the residents of Flint, Michigan. I was dis-appointed that the House moved the previous question and blocked H.R. 4479 from coming to the House floor. I would have opposed H. Res. 879, the rule providing for consideration of H.R. 5931, be-cause the rule limited amendments and did not provide for an open floor debate. I would have opposed final passage of H.R. 5719, the Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act, because the bill did not include a critical amendment offered by Rep. CROWLEY that would have provided an offset to the $1 billion in lost revenue created by the policy. Although I support efforts to promote employee ownership and reward employee’s commitment to their companies, I was dis-appointed that the bill did not include Rep. C
ROWLEY ’s amendment. H.R. 5320, the Social Security MAIL Act, provides an important privacy protection to anyone receiving Social Security documents through the mail. The bill restricts the Social Security Administration from sending docu-ments that include an individual’s complete Social Security number through the mail un-less completely necessary. This common-sense policy will protect Americans from hav-ing their sensitive personal information com-promised, and I would have supported this bill. H.R. 5946, the United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act, updates a provision of the federal tax code that re-quires Olympians and Paralympians to declare their prize winnings and medals as income for tax purposes. Although I would have preferred that this provision had been part of a com-prehensive tax reform package, I would have supported this bill. H.R 2285, the Prevent Trafficking in Cultural Property Act, would bolster the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CPB) and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to protect against illegal trafficking of cultural property. The bill requires CPB and ICE to create a coordinated plan to update procedures and directive, and to train per-sonnel in relevant laws and best practices for intercepting trafficked property. I support this bill and other efforts to ensure trafficked arti-facts are not brought into the United States. H.R. 5523, the Clyde-Hirsch-Sowers RE-SPECT Act, would prohibit the IRS from en-gaging in civil asset forfeiture of more than $10,000 without probable cause. Unfortu-nately, in recent years there have been many instances of small businesses having their money seized without probable cause, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28SE8.026 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1402 September 29, 2016 
they have struggled to recoup their losses. This bill provides important protections to indi-viduals and small businesses, and I support its passage. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ASU-SEARCY ON 50 YEARS 
HON. J. FRENCH HILL 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today I congratulate Arkansas State University-Beebe’s Searcy Campus on its 50th anniversary. Formerly Foothills Vocational Technical School, the Searcy campus opened in 1966 with 17 employees. Dedicated in 1967 by Governor Winthrop Rockefeller, the focus of the campus was to provide its students with a skilled trade that would prepare them to enter the workforce upon graduation. In 2003, Foothills Technical Institute merged with ASU-Beebe, forming its second technical campus. Today, the Searcy campus serves both tra-ditional and non-traditional students earning their GEDs, technical certificates, or associate degrees, providing many students with the skills, education, and training necessary to ob-tain employment and start a career. I would like to extend my congratulations to ASU-Beebe’s Searcy campus and wish it much continued success for generations to come. 
f 
THE MEDIGAP CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT OF 2016 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, Medigap plans currently provide supplemental coverage to approximately 11 million Medicare bene-ficiaries. However, many of the laws governing the Medigap market have remained largely un-changed since 1990. In particular, consumer protections are inadequate, leaving many beneficiaries subject to discriminatory prac-tices by issuers, lacking sufficient information about their plan options, and often enrolled in lower quality coverage. That is why, today, I am introducing the Medigap Consumer Protection Act. This im-portant legislation will make a number of re-forms to the Medigap market that will strength-en the health security of millions of Americans and significantly improve the beneficiary expe-rience. Most importantly, this bill ends discrimina-tory treatment of Medicare beneficiaries by ex-tending guaranteed issue rights to the entire Medigap-eligible population. Currently, federal law provides limited guar-anteed issue rights to Medicare beneficiaries. As a result, issuers in many states are per-mitted to deny consumers access to Medigap policies based on preexisting conditions. This creates substantial barriers to coverage, par-ticularly for individuals who qualify for Medi-care due to disability or End-Stage Renal Dis-ease. According to the Kaiser Family Founda-tion, only 2 percent of beneficiaries who are under 65 and living with a disability are en-rolled in a Medigap policy, and 21 percent have no supplemental coverage at all. The Medigap Consumer Protection Act closes the holes in federal law that permit dis-criminatory treatment of consumers by extend-ing guaranteed issue rights to the entire Medi-care population, including beneficiaries who qualify for Medicare due to disability or End- Stage Renal Disease. It also will protect a number of other popu-lations, including beneficiaries who have en-rolled in Medicare Advantage for more than one year and wish to switch back to traditional Medicare; dual eligibles who either lose their Medicaid coverage or who are only Medicaid- eligible with a Share of Cost; and individuals enrolled in COBRA coverage who wish to switch into Medicare. The bill also makes a number of reforms that will strengthen access to quality plans and improve the beneficiary experience. It calls on the National Association of Insur-ance Commissioners to review loss ratio standards for Medigap plans and submit rec-ommendations to the Secretary to update fed-eral standards. It reforms how issuers price their products by calling on the NAIC to update its Model Regulations to prohibit pricing discrimination based on age, and by requiring Medigap issuers to set premiums by county. It requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to improve the Medicare Plan Finder website to increase consumer access to information regarding their coverage options through Medicare, Medigap, Medicare Advan-tage, and Part D. The public will be afforded opportunities to comment on and improve the presentation of this information. It restores access to the most popular Medigap plan options, which under current law are scheduled to be eliminated for bene-ficiaries who become eligible for Medicare be-ginning in 2020 or later. Finally, it provides consumers with addi-tional information about potential conflicts of interest by requiring issuers to disclose pay-ments made to brokers, agents, and other third parties selling Medigap policies. These disclosures will be available to consumers through the Open Payments Database main-tained by the Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services. Mr. Speaker, Medicare beneficiaries de-serve access to high-quality Medigap cov-erage. The reforms made by the Medigap Consumer Protection Act will correct many of the problems that continue to exist in the mar-ket, including discrimination by issuers and a lack of information available to consumers. These reforms are long overdue, and I urge my colleagues to move to enact this bill with-out delay. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE LA PORTE INDE-PENDENT SCHOOL DISTRICT 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize La Porte Independent School District, which celebrates its 100th Anniversary on Oc-tober 1, 2016. In 1916, only 19 years after the first class-room opened in La Porte, the Independent School District was established to provide quality education to students from Lomax to Morgan’s Point. These first students had the privilege of choosing both the District’s mascot and colors—the bulldog, and the orange and white that the students of La Porte rally around to this day. Over 7,000 students from across La Porte began their school year within the Inde-pendent School District just weeks ago, and will continue a proud legacy of learning and achievement that has stood for 100 years. It is my distinct honor to recognize and cele-brate the 100th Anniversary of La Porte ISD, and their enduring commitment to every stu-dent’s success. Go Bulldogs. f 
RECOGNIZING RICHARD GEIGER FOR HIS LIFELONG SERVICE AND CONTRIBUTIONS TO ENVI-RONMENTAL PROTECTION 
HON. DEREK KILMER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and legacy of Richard Gei-ger, a champion for the environment. Mr. Gei-ger is widely recognized as one of the most committed advocates for the protection and stewardship of our natural resources in the Puget Sound region. A graduate of Gonzaga University in Spo-kane, WA, Rich began his career by serving our country in the 82nd Airborne Division as an air defense officer. After serving for 13 years, during which time he was stationed in North Korea and Germany, he continued that commitment to service by dedicating his civil-ian career to protecting the environment. First working for Mason County Public Works, and then for the last 15 years as a dis-trict officer at the Mason Conservation District, Rich helped to develop a wide range of small- and large-scale efforts to protect natural re-sources. Perhaps his greatest accomplishment during his tenure with the Conservation District was the leadership he provided on the devel-opment and implementation of the Skokomish River Basin Ecosystem Restoration Project, a critical and comprehensive effort to restore the river and surrounding waters in Puget Sound that encompassed more than 50 different indi-vidual restoration projects. Mr. Speaker, Richard was not only an envi-ronmental advocate and steward, he was also a leader in the community. He excelled at fos-tering collaboration and consensus among di-verse community stakeholders, including pri-vate landowners, businesses, Native American Tribes, and local, state, and federal agencies, to achieve common goals. Richard’s lifetime of service, stewardship, care, and leadership all contributed to a stronger, healthier, and more vibrant commu-nity in Puget Sound. The contributions of Mr. Geiger embody the values that make our com-munity and our country a great place to live. Mr. Speaker, I stand on the House floor today to honor the life of Mr. Geiger and to ex-tend my condolences to those who he is sur-vived by. Our lives are enhanced by having known him, and he will truly be missed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE8.016 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1403 September 29, 2016 
HUNGER AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. ALMA S. ADAMS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, in my District— North Carolina’s 12th Congressional District— many people in my community struggle to consistently put food on the table. According to Feeding America, Mecklenburg County has over 165,000 individuals that are considered food insecure, including over 49,000 children. Overall, the 12th district ranks 11th in the nation and 2nd in the state for the most food insecure congressional districts. Over the past year, the single biggest food insecurity issue that constituents share with my office is that SNAP benefits are not enough to help seniors and families in need put food on the table through the end of the month. For this reason, in May of this year, I intro-duced H.R. 5215, the Closing the Meal Gap Act of 2016. This legislation strengthens the SNAP pro-gram for seniors, families, and individuals looking for work. This legislation has been endorsed by Feed-ing American, FRAC, Mazon, and the National Council on Aging. As we observe Hunger Action Month, I would encourage all members to cosponsor this important piece of legislation to help those that are hungry in their community put food on the table each month. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE TENNESSEE STATE UNIVERSITY ARISTOCRAT OF BANDS MARCHING BAND AND THE SOPHISTICATED LADIES MAJORETTES FOR THEIR PER-FORMANCE AT THE WHITE HOUSE RECEPTION FOR THE GRAND OPENING OF THE SMITH-SONIAN NATIONAL MUSEUM OF AFRICAN AMERICAN HISTORY AND CULTURE 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the men and women of the Ten-nessee State University (TSU) Aristocrat of Bands marching band and the Sophisticated Ladies majorettes for their performance at the White House reception for the grand opening ceremony of the Smithsonian National Mu-seum of African American History and Culture. TSU has an over 100-year-long history as a historically black university and, as the first historically black university band to appear on national television and the first to march in an Inaugural Parade for President John F. Ken-nedy, it was fitting for the Aristocrat of Bands to perform in Washington, DC during this his-toric event in our nation’s history. The TSU Aristocrat of Bands began in 1946 as a 100-piece ensemble. Since that time, the band has become world-renowned for its per-formances across the country. During the late 1940s, the marching band performed twice in Washington, DC in the Washington Classic, a national competition for top historical black colleges and universities. Under the direction of Frank T. Greer, the marching band became the first historically black university band to appear on television when it performed during the half-time show of a Chicago Bears and Los Angeles Rams football game. The band went on to perform during nine half-time shows between 1956 and 1978, including the New York Giants vs. the Chicago Bears Na-tional Championship in 1963 at Wrigley Field. Between 1979 and 2014, the band was di-rected by Edward L. Graves—a former Aris-tocrat under Director Greer who marched dur-ing the 1961 inauguration of President Ken-nedy. Under his tutelage, the band continued to perform for half-time shows, had a spot in the 1981 CBS television movie The Concrete Cowboy, recorded for television ads and trav-eled abroad to perform in Tokyo, Japan. In 1993, the Aristocrat of Bands returned to Washington, DC to march in President Bill Clinton’s Inaugural Parade. The Aristocrat of Bands performed several songs for the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture open-ing reception, including No Problems by Chance the Rapper, Signed Sealed Delivered I’m Yours by Stevie Wonder, Gin and Juice by Snoop Dogg and TSU’s fight song, I’m So Proud. The Aristocrat of Bands and the So-phisticated Ladies represented TSU well and, like TSU students who are proud of their school and marching band, I was proud to watch the band perform on the South Lawn of the White House. I congratulate Director Dr. Reginald McDonald, the men and women of the Aristocrat of Bands, and the Sophisticated Ladies for being selected for this honor and putting on a performance worthy of the school’s legacy. f 
TRIBUTE TO BP AGENT MANUEL ‘‘MANNY’’ ALVAREZ 
HON. MARTHA McSALLY 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the life of Border Patrol Agent Manuel ‘‘Manny’’ Alvarez. Agent Alvarez entered duty as a member of the Border Patrol Academy Class of 557 on July 17, 2003. He was a dedicated agent who strove to be his best each time he put on the uniform. Agent Alvarez dutifully served our country in the Border Patrol for 13 years. During that time he became well known for his commit-ment to excellence, warm personality, and humble demeanor. He was a man who looked out for his fellow agents and did what was necessary to ensure the optimal performance of his team. He was always willing to take time to teach or train newer agents or share what he had learned. On August 11, 2016 Agent Alvarez was killed while on duty on the Tohono O’odham Nation Reservation just south of Sells, Ari-zona. Even after over a decade of service, Manny’s love and drive for his work was as strong as the day he entered the Border Pa-trol. Agent Alvarez was only 37 at the time of his death. He is survived by his wife, Jeanine, and four children, Analysia, Yaslyne, Julian, and Gabriel, and was deeply committed to his fam-ily. He also was an avid runner and had a nat-ural talent for drawing. There’s no doubt that such a tragic loss is felt across our entire community and by the Border Patrol Agency to which he gave so much. On behalf of Southern Arizonans, I thank Agent Alvarez for his service to keep our country and communities safe, and I offer my sincere condolences to his family and friends on the loss of one of our community’s finest. f 
CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Saint Paul, Minnesota’s Central High School on its 150th anniversary. Dedi-cated faculty and staff of Central have been educating and inspiring generations of Min-nesota’s future leaders since it was founded in 1866 as the first public high school in our state. As the largest public high school in Min-nesota, Central is well-known not only for its rich history and traditions, but also for its com-mitment to academic excellence, diversity and inclusion. Saint Paul Central High School was estab-lished in response to student-driven demand for a high school in Minnesota, to allow stu-dents to continue their education beyond ele-mentary school. Since then, this commitment to students has remained a core part of Cen-tral’s mission and identity. The first graduating class of Saint Paul Central High School con-sisted of two students who each received a hand-printed sheepskin diploma in 1870. As the years went on, the school began to grow, moving to a new space in 1872 and again in 1883. In 1912, it moved to a new location, where it stands today, and adopted the Min-uteman as its mascot in recognition of its ad-dress on Lexington Avenue. Throughout the years, many students who walked the halls of Central High School would go on to inspire, connect, and change our community and world. It has been the alma mater to the likes of Amelia Earhart, the first women to pilot a trans-Atlantic flight, Charles M. Schulz, the creator of the beloved Peanuts gang, and Jawed Karim, co-creator of YouTube. Today’s Central High School students are no less impressive. Recent graduates have gone on to earn Rhodes Scholarships and win Olympic medals. Students come from racially and socioeconomically diverse backgrounds, and are supported by a dedicated community of teachers, parents, and friends. Their hard work, innovative thinking, and close commu-nity relationships lead to success, with the vast majority of students going on to attend college. By offering both International Bacca-laureate and Advanced Placement courses in addition to a plethora of extracurricular activi-ties, it is little wonder that Central has earned rankings on ‘‘Best High School’’ lists and Blue Ribbon awards from the U.S. Department of Education. As a result, it has become widely recognized as a model for quality public edu-cation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28SE8.023 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1404 September 29, 2016 
The story of Central High School is not lim-ited to Saint Paul or to Minnesota. It embodies the spirit of our nation, one rich in historical tradition and a commitment to progress. It is the story of inspiring teachers and passionate students, blazing new trails and breaking down barriers. Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to rise to honor 150 years of excellence in public education in Minnesota, and to the next 150 years of high quality education at Saint Paul Central High School. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HELEN AND DENNY ZIMMERMAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Helen and Denny Zimmerman of Anita, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They were married on August 14, 1966 at Prescott Methodist Church in Prescott, Iowa. Helen and Denny’s lifelong commitment to each other, their children, and grandchildren truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them nothing but the very best. 
f 
HONORING DAN COHEN 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dan Cohen for his service as a member of the Congressional Award Board of Directors. The United States Congress established the Congressional Award in 1979 to recognize ini-tiative, achievement, and service in young people. It began as a bipartisan effort in both the United States Senate and the House of Representatives. The original bill was spon-sored by the late Senator Malcolm Wallop of Wyoming and the late Congressman James Howard of New Jersey. Originally signed into law by President Jimmy Carter, the legislation (Public Law 96–114) established the Congres-sional Award as a public-private partnership, which receives all funding from the private sector. Every president since, both Democratic and Republican, have signed legislation to continue the program. The Congressional Award Board of Direc-tors is comprised of 48 members and supports the work of the foundation by providing mis-sion-based leadership and strategic govern-ance. Every member of the Board serves as a volunteer to help make the program a na-tional opportunity available in every congres-sional district. During this past year, over 40,000 partici-pants from all 50 states were actively working toward earning a Congressional Award and 5,000 new participants enrolled in the pro-gram. Since its inception, over 7 million hours of service have been contributed to commu-nities nationwide. The example set by Dan is one we all should strive for. His willingness to serve his community and our nation’s young people sets him apart as an outstanding individual, and I have been honored to serve alongside of him as Leader PELOSI ’s congressional appointee to the Board. I ask that all of my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in thanking Dan for his service and wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF PREPARE ALL KIDS ACT 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I am pleased to reintro-duce the Prepare All Kids Act—important leg-islation to strengthen the availability of high- quality prekindergarten for families across the country. In my home city of New York, we have more children enrolled in full-day pre-K than 49 states as part of our effort to guarantee universal pre-K for all families. But across the country too few families have access to good prekindergarten programs that will help their children enter elementary school ready to learn and succeed. That is why I have introduced the Prepare All Kids Act along with Senator B
OBCASEY . This bill would authorize a Prekindergarten In-centive Fund to award grants to states that es-tablish, expand, or enhance full-day pre-K pro-grams. These grants will help states launch or expand high-quality programs that are proven to help children excel in school and help work-ing families succeed. I am proud of President Obama’s commit-ment to these goals, by expanding Head Start and Early Head Start, and making early child-hood education a priority. Congress must build on these efforts by passing legislation to en-sure that all children benefit from high-quality prekindergarten. 
f 
IN HONOR OF PASTOR DANIEL SIMMONS 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my sincerest congratulations to Pastor Daniel Simmons, leader of my church home, Mount Zion Baptist Church in Albany, Georgia. Pastor Simmons will be celebrating 25 years of outstanding ministry to Mount Zion Baptist Church on Sun-day, October 9, 2016. A native of Cairo, Georgia, Daniel Simmons was born to the late Mrs. Pinkie Norwood Sim-mons and the late Reverend Perry Simmons, Sr. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Sociology from Albany State College, now University, in 1977. He went on to earn a Master of Arts degree in Counseling from the University of Georgia in 1985 and a Doctorate of Ministry from Bethany Theological Seminary in Dothan, Alabama in 1991. Pastor Simmons worked as a Rehabilitation Counselor with the Georgia Department of Rehabilitation Services for seventeen years. He also worked as a Community Development Specialist. Pastor Simmons began preaching the Gos-pel of Jesus Christ in June 1984. He pastored Mountain Grove Baptist Church in Dawson, Georgia and Pleasant Grove Baptist Church in Shingler, Georgia. In 1991, the Lord called him to lead Mount Zion Baptist Church. In his 25 years of leadership, Mount Zion has ex-panded its Ministry services, increased its membership tremendously to the point where a second worship service was added, and moved into its new state-of-the-art facility on 109 acres of land at 901 South Westover Bou-levard in 2010. But most importantly, Pastor Simmons has led Mount Zion Baptist Church to become a pillar in the community, known for ministering to those in need. Pastor Simmons welcomes anyone and everyone into the church and its members make it their duty to ensure that every soul is taken care of and prayed over. With a congregation of over 3,000 members and 54 ministries, including radio, television, and live-streaming, Mount Zion is truly ‘‘reach-ing the world for Christ through evangelism, discipleship, fellowship, and missions.’’ Mount Zion Baptist Church is celebrating another happy occasion—its 151st anniver-sary. The church was founded in 1865, the same year that the Thirteenth Amendment abolishing slavery was passed by Congress and ratified by the States. Nearly a century later, many of the rallies during the Albany phase of the Civil Rights Movement were held at Mount Zion. To commemorate those strug-gles, the church donated the building to the Albany Civil Rights Museum which is currently housed there. Mount Zion has seen many ups and downs but God’s will and our members’ perseverance have shaped it into the expan-sive and successful place of worship it is today. Jeremiah 3:15 says, ‘‘Then I will give you shepherds after my own heart, who will lead you with knowledge and understanding.’’ Pas-tor Daniel Simmons is one such shepherd and a man of integrity who exudes the genuine principles and values of Christian discipleship. Over the 20 years I have been a member of the church, I am proud to call Mount Zion my church home and Pastor Daniel Simmons my pastor. As an ordained Deacon and Trustee, I have personally witnessed the unshakeable faith Pastor Simmons has for the Lord and the profound exegesis he conveys in his sermons. My wife, Vivian, and I are grateful that we can always count on Pastor Simmons’ wise coun-sel and sage advice. Pastor Simmons has achieved many things in his life but none of this would have been possible without the love and support of his wife and First Lady of the Church, Diane Davis Simmons, and his two children and five grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Con-gressional District in thanking Pastor Daniel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.039 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1405 September 29, 2016 
Simmons for 25 outstanding years of service to Mount Zion Baptist Church and a lifetime of service in the ministry of Jesus Christ. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF CALVARY BAP-TIST CHURCH’S 50TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Calvary Baptist Church of Republic, Missouri, for the celebration of their 50th anni-versary on October 28, 2016. Calvary Baptist has been an integral part of Republic, Missouri, since 1966. From very humble beginnings in an old schoolhouse to the large modern facilities, Calvary has been involved in enriching and aiding the people of Republic. Over the decades the small group that started Calvary Baptist has now grown to over 1,700 people that comprise the member-ship of Calvary Baptist Church. Over the years, hundreds of men, women, and children have placed their faith in Christ through ministries of Calvary Baptist Church. For 50 years, Calvary has been a leader in the church community by reaching out to those in need physically and spiritually and by providing food, finances, and counseling as well as caring for the hurting, grieving, and lonely. Calvary Baptist has been very involved in sharing the good news of Jesus with many in other countries as well. Every year several groups travel from Republic to other states and foreign countries to perform work-related projects on facilities, orphanages, and rehabili-tation centers and to conduct Bible programs for children, teenagers and medical and sports camps. Mr. Speaker, Calvary Baptist deserves this body’s utmost respect for its desire to be an integral part of the Republic community and providing an outlet for so many to help others. I encourage my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join me in extending to the church our deepest appreciation for their ef-forts which have contributed so greatly to the people of southwest Missouri, other states, and around the world. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF LASKER ‘LAS’ BELL 
HON. J. FRENCH HILL 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of one of Arkansas’ greats in the entertainment industry, Lasker ‘Las’ Bell, who passed away earlier this month at the age of 88. Las moved to Camden, Arkansas in search of work, and after an honorable discharge from the U.S. Army was hired to host El Dora-dos KJWH radio’s first soul music radio show. Moving to television, he pitched his Amer-ican Bandstand-like show the Las Bell Variety Show that became part of the weekly lineup on KTVE. At the time, Las was the only Black television host between Memphis and Dallas, and became the first Black interviewer for Channel 10 News in Arkansas. Las was also involved in the community, serving on the executive board for the Arkan-sas Council on Human Relations in Ouachita County. He was also appointed to the Human Resources Commission by Governor David Pryor, and reappointed under Governor Frank White. Las left a lasting impact on our state and will be greatly missed by all of Arkansas. I extend my respect, affection and prayers to his family and loved ones. f 
IN HONOR OF THE FARM CREDIT SYSTEM’S 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of our Nation’s farmers and the Farm Credit System as we mark its 100th an-niversary. Since Congress established the Federal Farm Loan Act in 1916, many farmers and producers have relied on the Farm Credit Sys-tem for access to capital and financial oppor-tunity. With this incredible program comes more freedom, opportunity, and prosperity for the agriculture community across our nation. It’s a critical piece of our duty to help ensure we can keep farmers on their farms. Back home in North Carolina, we know how important it is to have a prosperous and pro-ductive agriculture industry. We respect and admire the men and women who toil our lands and work incredibly hard to provide food and products we depend on in our daily lives. The Farm Credit System is a vital part of this chain, and it ensures we can continue sup-porting the prosperity of agriculture producers of all sizes and types. Across North Carolina, more than 14,800 farmers and producers rely on the Farm Credit System to borrow the capital they need to make their businesses successful and provide food and fiber to our communities. Many of these people are young and just starting out in the agriculture industry or are on small farms. As we commemorate a century of service, we say thank you to our farmers and pro-ducers for their hard work to ensure our agri-culture community remains strong, both now and for generations to come. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to watching the Farm Credit System continue to serve our rural and agriculture communities for the next 100 years. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MS. GRACE VANDERWAAL 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my constituent, Ms. Grace Vanderwaal, an inspiring young woman and this year’s winner of America’s Got Talent. Grace is a 12-year-old singer-songwriter from Suffern, New York, who started writing music at the age of three when she would make up songs with her wireless microphone. She was introduced to ukulele music by a family friend, and then decided to use her birthday money from her 11th birthday to buy her own ukulele. A true musical prodigy, Grace mastered the ukulele within a year, now owning five ukuleles, as well as a piano and a saxophone. Grace began performing at local establish-ments for small audiences, but had never played before a large crowd until this past summer. She shared her amazing talents with the world when she auditioned for Season 11 of America’s Got Talent and played her origi-nal song, ‘‘I Don’t Know My Name,’’ a song about finding who you are and where you fit in, while playing the ukulele. Grace impressed the judges so much she was sent straight to the ‘‘Live Shows.’’ Grace continued aston-ishing audiences, performing original pieces as she advanced in each round of the show, and on September 14, was crowned the first prize winner, taking home a $1 million prize, a Las Vegas show date, and a record contract. Before the Las Vegas show, Grace will return home to Suffern for a Saturday, October 1 pa-rade and celebration with her family, neigh-bors, and schoolmates. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize my extremely talented constituent, Ms. Grace Vanderwaal, and I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating her on this achievement. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BETTY SMITH 
HON. JERRY McNERNEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life of Betty Smith, who passed away on April 24, 2016. Betty spent most of her life in Knightsen, California preserving the rich farming culture of East Contra Costa County. She began contributing to her community at a young age. While attending Liberty High School, she co-wrote the lyrics to the school’s anthem, which is still used by the Liberty Lions today. After high school, she studied at Uni-versity of the Pacific in Stockton, and worked at Fiberboard in Antioch. Betty continued her service by teaching pre-school for many years and participating in the Knightsen Garden Club and 4–H Club. Betty and her husband, William R. Smith, continued the family farm started by her par-ents. As a multi-generation family farm in Knightsen, Smith Family Farm is known for many varieties of stone fruits, tomatoes, zuc-chinis, apples and cruciferous greens. Each year, the Farm holds a Tomato Festival and Pumpkin Harvest Festival to celebrate the fresh crops of East Contra Costa County. Over the last 25 years, Betty greeted visi-tors from near and far when they arrived at Smith Family Farm to purchase fresh fruits and vegetables during the U-pick season. She engaged the visiting children with her barn show and taught them about farming, nature and local history using songs, stories, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.043 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1406 September 29, 2016 
music. Betty was the matriarch and heart of Smith Family Farm. Betty showed devotion to her community through many years of service to the children and families that came to the farm. Her love of the arts, dedication to education, and com-mitment to others is an inspiration for our community. It is for these reasons that I ask my Col-leagues to join me in honoring the memory of Betty Smith and her lifetime of service. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE DAYTON RURITAN CLUB’S 75 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, fellowship, good will, and community service. These are the characteristics that Ruritan National clubs across the nation strive to achieve, and the principles that the Dayton Ruritan Club has embodied for the past 75 years. Chartered on September 30, 1941, the Day-ton Ruritan Club is celebrating 75 years of service to the Dayton, Virginia, community. In rural areas across the country, neighbors look out for one another and help each other in good times and bad. Those principles are why the Dayton club came about—to help provide a hand up for friends and neighbors in need. A group of citizens saw a need in the commu-nity and worked to raise money and provide volunteer labor to help address those needs. Now, 75 years later, these men and women play an ever important role, having contributed over $700,000 and 180,000 volunteer hours to their community. In Dayton, Ruritan National Club Number 126 carries on this rich tradition of serving oth-ers and keeping it local. Every penny they raise through numerous fundraising events each year, including a bluegrass concert, pan-cake breakfast, and sandwich sales, goes to-wards projects to improve the place where they live. Whether it is providing dictionaries to every fifth grade student in Rockingham Coun-ty or donating teddy bears for first responders to give to children, the projects have made a lasting impact on the community. Members are also actively working to mold the next gen-eration of leaders by forming a Ruri-Teen Chapter at Turner Ashby High School and Wil-bur Pence Middle School. While much has changed around them over the years, the Dayton Ruritan Club remains committed to the community they call home. Seventy-five years of service is a remarkable achievement, and I applaud the members of the Dayton Ruritan Club for their devotion to service. On October 13, members and friends will come together to celebrate their accom-plishments and this milestone at the 75th An-niversary Banquet. I wish them many more years of success as they serve the Town of Dayton. TRIBUTE TO BRENDA AND SCOTT SHOOK HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Brenda Shook and the late Scott Shook, of Guthrie Center, Iowa, for being selected as Guthrie County’s 2016 inductees into the Iowa 4–H Hall of Fame. Scott was an active leader for the Guthrie County 4–H program. He was known for his unwavering guidance during the 4–H Exten-sion Office summer programs and was instru-mental in the success of Farm Safety Days. For three years, he was a leader with the SESS Sport Group. An avid hunter, Scott be-lieved children should respect wildlife, gun safety, and all the wonders of the great out-doors. Guiding members through livestock projects, his passion for the world of agri-culture was the legacy he passed on. Brenda grew up in 4–H and was an active member from elementary school through her high school years. She led the U.S. Sunshine 4–H group and was co-leader to the Trail-blazers. Brenda served on the 4–H Youth Committee, spending countless hours edu-cating the community about agriculture while helping children prepare exhibits for static judging and livestock projects. Mr. Speaker, the example set by Scott and Brenda’s efforts exemplify the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent them in the United States Congress. I ask that all of my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating the Shook family for their outstanding achieve-ments. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STAX MUSIC ACAD-EMY FOR ITS PERFORMANCE AT THE ‘‘FREEDOM SOUNDS: A COM-MUNITY CELEBRATION’’ FES-TIVAL FOR THE GRAND OPENING OF THE SMITHSONIAN NATIONAL MUSEUM OF AFRICAN AMERICAN HISTORY AND CULTURE 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the young men and women of the Stax Music Academy (SMA) in Memphis, Ten-nessee for their outstanding performance on the main stage at the ‘‘Freedom Sounds: A Community Celebration’’ festival on the Na-tional Mall for the grand opening of the Smith-sonian National Museum of African American History and Culture. Students from SMA have performed around the world and it was fitting for the school to be invited to perform in Washington, DC for this historic event in our nation’s history. The Stax Music Academy began in 2000 at Stafford Elementary School as a Soulsville Foundation after school and summer music learning center. SMA is now located next to Stax Museum where the historic Stax Records was founded. Under Presidents and CEOs of the Foundation, including Memphian and cele-brated jazz saxophonist, Kirk Whalum, SMA developed a program that has served more than 4,000 students in the studies of vocals, instruments, music writing, music theory and music production. SMA students have per-formed for and alongside world-renowned art-ists, including Isaac Hayes, Mavis Staples, Stevie Wonder, Brandford Marsalis, Ben Cauley of the Bar-Kays and many more. Addi-tionally, SMA students have opened for BB King at his annual BB King Homecoming Fes-tival and Concert, performed at the Levitt Shell in Memphis’s Overton Park opening for Book-er T. Jones and sang backup for Faith Hill during the 2008 Freedom Awards Dinner and Ceremony hosted by the National Civil Rights Museum in Memphis. Stax Music Academy students have also traveled the country and world sharing their talents for all to hear. Audiences have in-cluded Oprah Winfrey and President Bill Clin-ton as well as the U.S. Ambassador to Aus-tralia during performances in Australia and the U.S. Ambassador to Germany during the grand opening of the ‘‘Memphis Exhibition Berlin’’ in Berlin, Germany. SMA students have traveled to Porretta Terme, Italy for the Porretta Soul Festival in Rufus Thomas Park, performed at The Kennedy Center in Wash-ington, DC for a July 4th performance and participated in the Smithsonian Institute’s Smithsonian Folklife Festival on the National Mall in 2011. In addition to excelling in the performing arts, since 2008, every SMA senior has been accepted to a college or university. I was very happy for Stax Music Academy when I learned that its students were sched-uled to perform in Washington, DC for the opening festivities of the National Museum of African American History and Culture. The stu-dents performed several legendary songs by Stax recording artists, including ‘‘I’ve Been Loving You Too Long’’ by Otis Redding and ‘‘Walking the Dog’’ by Rufus Thomas, and covered songs by Stax artists Sam and Dave and the Staple Singers as well as songs by Prince and Queen. The performers rep-resented Stax Music Academy, the city of Memphis and Memphis’s musical legacy well, and I am proud of this latest milestone in the Academy’s storied history. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, on September 21, 2016, I returned home to Milwaukee to ad-dress the medical emergency of my son and, as a result, missed all votes on September 21 and 22, 2016. Had I been present to vote, I would have voted the following way on the bills considered by the House for those days that I missed. September 21, 2016. Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule. I would have voted NO. H. Res. 875. I would have voted NO. Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule. I would have voted NO. H. Res. 876. I would have voted NO. H.R. 3957. I would have voted YES. H.R. 5659. I would have voted YES. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.047 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1407 September 29, 2016 
H.R. 5713. I would have voted YES. H.R. 5613. I would have voted YES. Cicilline Amendment. I would have voted YES. DelBene Amendment. I would have voted YES. Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 3438. I would have voted YES. Final Passage of H.R. 3438. I would have voted NO. Final Passage of H.R. 5461. I would have voted NO. H.R. 5859. I would have voted YES. H.R. 6007. I would have voted YES. H.R. 5977. I would have voted YES. H.R. 6014. I would have voted YES. H.R. 5147. I would have voted YES. September 21, 2016. Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule. I would have voted NO. H. Res. 879. I would have voted NO. Passage of H.R. 5719. I would have voted NO. H.R. 5320. I would have voted YES. H.R. 5946. I would have voted YES. H.R. 2285. I would have voted YES. H.R. 5523. I would have voted YES. H.R. 5625. I would have voted YES. House Amendment to S. 1550. I would have voted YES. H.R. 4419. I would have voted YES. H.R. 5963. I would have voted YES. Engel Amendment. I would have voted YES. Final Passage of H.R. 5931. I would have voted NO. H.R. 5037. I would have voted YES. H.R. 5798. I would have voted YES. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LESLEY CHILLER 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of Lesley Chiller, who passed away Saturday, August 27, 2016, at the age of 40 as a result of complications from lupus. Lesley was born July 30, 1976, in Boston and raised in Sharon, Massachusetts. She graduated from Sharon High School where she excelled in English and writing. Following a year at the University of New Hampshire, Lesley earned a BA in Economics from the University of Massachusetts-Boston and a Certificate in Graphic Design from Pima Col-lege. An avid reader and music lover, Lesley en-joyed art, history, food anthropology, and poli-tics where her deep passion for social justice was apparent. Family and friends knew Lesley to be wise and kind, but also armed with an unending sense of humor that was both intel-ligent and dry, even during the most trying times of her 10-year battle with lupus. Mr. Speaker, I co-founded the Congres-sional Lupus Caucus because we have a re-sponsibility to fight back against this cruel and debilitating illness. Lupus is a chronic, auto-immune disease that can force your immune system to destroy healthy tissue, which often leads to terrible pain that can manifest itself throughout the body. I ask that my colleagues join me in the fight against lupus by joining the Congressional Lupus Caucus, and further by helping us boost federal funding to fight this disease through the National Institutes of Health and other means. We owe that not only to the memory of Lesley Chiller but also the 1.5 million Americans suffering with this afflic-tion every day. f 
TWO MILLION AMERICANS ALIVE TODAY BECAUSE OF THE HYDE AMENDMENT 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, Fri-day September 30 marks 40 years since the life-saving Hyde Amendment was first en-acted. This annual appropriations amendment stops taxpayer dollars from being used to fund most abortions and abortion coverage through government programs like Medicaid. Thanks to new analysis by the Charlotte Lozier Institute we now know that as many as 2 million children—some obviously much older now—are alive today because of the Hyde amendment. Prior to enactment of Hyde, the Medicaid program paid for about 300,000 abortions an-nually. Research, including by the pro-abortion Guttmacher Institute, has long shown that stopping taxpayer funded abortion reduces the abortion rate. In an analysis released just this week, the Charlotte Lozier Institute estimates that the Hyde amendment saves as many as 60,000 lives each year. I remember the day several years ago when my friend and author of the amendment, Henry Hyde of Illinois, first learned that about one million children were alive because of his amendment. He was overcome with joy know-ing that a million mothers were spared the agony of post abortion pain, a million children were alive and well, growing up, going to school, playing sports, dating, marrying and having kids of their own. Today that number is estimated at two million—all because abortion subsidies have been prohibited by law. Since the first bitter and protracted battles over this policy, the Hyde amendment has generally, if begrudgingly, been accepted as the status quo. President Bill Clinton—who supported partial-birth abortion—and President Barack Obama—who pledged to veto a bill protecting children born alive after abortion, both consistently signed the Hyde amendment into law. Yet Hillary Clinton represents a new era of pro-abortion extremism. Not only does she fall in party line with her opposition to the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, the ban on sex selection abor-tion, and the Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, she will have an abortion lit-mus-test for every judge and justice. And in a new assault on innocent human life, she has vowed to decimate the Hyde Amendment and fund abortion on demand using taxpayer dol-lars. In 1980 the Hyde amendment narrowly overcame a constitutional challenge in a 5–4 Supreme Court decision. If Hillary Clinton ap-points just one justice, the Hyde amendment will be nullified. Hillary Clinton is outside of the mainstream. Today, more Americans support the sanctity of life and oppose taxpayer funding for abortions than ever. An ever-growing majority in America be-lieves that our government should not fund abortion. A July 2016 Marist poll found that nearly two-thirds of Americans oppose tax-payer funding for abortion—including 45% of those who identify as ‘‘pro-choice.’’ The Hyde Amendment is not extreme. Hil-lary Clinton is. Hillary Clinton is so extreme and outside the mainstream that when MSNBC’s Chuck Todd asked her in an April 3rd interview: ‘‘When, and if, does an unborn child have constitu-tional rights?’’ Hillary Clinton fired back: ‘‘un-born persons don’t have constitutional rights . . .’’ Clinton acknowledges that unborn chil-dren are persons, but denies them their right to life and wants taxpayers to pay for their de-struction. When Hillary Clinton was awarded the Mar-garet Sanger award by Planned Parenthood in 2009, she said she was ‘‘in awe’’ of Margaret Sanger, the infamous founder of Planned Par-enthood. Shockingly its American affiliate alone claims responsibility for the death of over seven million babies. In her 2009 speech Clinton also said she admired Sanger for her vision and that Sanger’s work here in the United States and across the globe was not done. ‘‘Not done’’ means more abortions, paid for by the tax-payer, and an end to conscience rights for those who don’t agree. If we lose the Hyde Amendment our country will be carrying out Sanger’s eugenic legacy— incentivizing the destruction of the poor and vulnerable by paying for their death. There are nearly 60 million Americans miss-ing from 43 years of legal abortion. 60 million lives with potential that have been snuffed out by state-sanctioned killing. Let’s be clear. Hillary Clinton poses an exis-tential threat to the welfare and wellbeing of unborn children and their mothers in the United States and around the world. Rather than expand the culture of death and shred the Hyde amendment—as Hillary Clin-ton promises—women and men of conscience have a duty to protect the weakest and most vulnerable from the violence of abortion. 
f 
REMEMBERING RODNEY ELLIS, CHAMPION OF EDUCATION 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and memory of Rodney Ellis of Mocksville, North Carolina, for his work as a committed teacher and an advocate for educational opportunity and success for all students. Mr. Ellis passed away prematurely on September 10, 2016 at the age of 49. On behalf of my family and staff, I wish to extend our sympathy and good wishes to his family. Mr. Ellis was raised by a single mother in Mocksville, North Carolina and Cleveland, Ohio. He returned to North Carolina to attend Winston-Salem State University (WSSU), graduating with a degree in teaching. While at WSSU, he met his wife Lisa, with whom he raised five children. Mr. Ellis began his involvement with the North Carolina Association of Educators 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.050 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1408 September 29, 2016 
(NCAE) as a student at WSSU, serving as president of the campus affiliate of the organi-zation. He later served as president of the Forsyth County chapter. In 2008, Mr. Ellis be-came vice president of NCAE, and in 2012 he was elected President. As an advocate and a leader, Rodney Ellis was energetic and effective, reflecting a pas-sion for ensuring access to education for all students. He defended public investments in our schools at a time when they were under threat, first from the Great Recession and then from hostile political leadership. Mr. Ellis stepped down from the NCAE pres-idency in July after serving the maximum two two-year terms. He returned to Winston-Salem to spend more time with his family and teach middle school language arts to students of low-income families. He continued to be a committed educator of students of all socio-economic backgrounds until the very end of his life. Rodney Ellis leaves a legacy of dedication and commitment that saw North Carolina edu-cation through tough times. Both in the class-room and in statewide leadership, his work will benefit thousands of students for generations to come. 
f 
D.C. STATEHOOD 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, D.C. statehood has just crossed another historic threshold. For the first time, the District of Columbia Re-publican Party now supports D.C. statehood, making D.C. statehood a bipartisan effort. Moreover, the upcoming ‘‘Statehood Yes’’ vote to put D.C. residents on the record on state-hood is being led by a Republican resident, George Vradenburg, a retired AOL executive and philanthropist. D.C. Republicans have consistently supported equality for our citizens, including the bipartisan bill for a House vote and the recent budget autonomy referendum. It is now clear that D.C. statehood, including my bill, the New Columbia Admission Act, en-joys the support of D.C. residents, regardless of party. On November 8 this year, D.C. residents will vote not only for a Member of Congress and Members of the D.C. Council, they will vote on whether they desire to become the 51st state, and, if so, on the constitution for the new state. Making the District of Columbia our nation’s 51st state would overcome the longest denial of democracy by our country to any of its citi-zens. Surely, 215 years of second-class status for the American citizens who live in the na-tion’s capital can no longer be tolerated, espe-cially today, when D.C. residents pay the high-est federal taxes per capita in the United States. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JULIE WALTERS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Julie Wal-ters of Villisca, Iowa, for being selected as a 2016 Women Impacting the Land award re-cipient. The Women Impacting the Land award showcases Iowa women for their contributions to managing farmland and livestock. While serving as the Page County Clerk of Court for the last 31 years, Julie has also worked on her family’s cattle farm with her husband Dave. She attributes some of her extensive knowledge of cattle farming to courses she participated in over the years, like Annie’s Project and Women Managing Cattle. Julie is constantly fine-tuning her family’s cattle oper-ation and making changes to improve their farm’s productivity. Mr. Speaker, I commend Julie for her hard work and dedication in improving and man-aging her family’s farm. Her efforts embody the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent her in the United States Congress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Julie for her achievements and in wish-ing her nothing but continued success. f 
RECOGNIZING JEANETTE JAMES 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, congratulations to Jeanette James, Profes-sional Staffer for the House Armed Services Committee, on being awarded The Military Coalition’s 2016 Freedom Award for her out-standing service and significant contributions to the military and veterans’ community. On September 22, 2016, The Military Coali-tion, an association of 32 military, veterans, and uniformed services organizations, recog-nized her for over a decade of dedicated work with the House Committee on Armed Serv-ices. During her tenure with the committee, she has been a crucial part of crafting impor-tant legislation and an exceptional asset for the Military Personnel subcommittee now chaired by Congressman J
OEHECK of Ne- vada. She was previously recognized as a Freedom Award recipient in 2012. I am grateful for her admirable service and dedication to the committee and our servicemembers and military families. She has maintained the high standards of her prede-cessor, the late John Chapla. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF A RESOLUTION COMMEMORATING THE OPENING OF THE SMITHSONIAN’S NA-TIONAL MUSEUM OF AFRICAN AMERICAN HISTORY AND CUL-TURE 
HON. JOHN LEWIS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer a bipartisan resolution which recognizes the opening of the Smithsonian’s National Mu-seum of African American History and Culture (NMAAHC) on Saturday, September 24, 2016. I am so proud that over 110 of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle have joined me as original cosponsors. This weekend will mark an historic moment in our Nation’s history. Hundreds of thousands of people will convene in Washington, D.C. on the National Mall to celebrate and welcome this historic institution which is dedicated to documenting African American life, history, art, and culture. Many people in this body, across the nation, and around the world shall cele-brate this great day. Tonight, I applaud Dr. Lonnie Bunch, III, the Founding Director, Kinshasha Holman Conwill, the Deputy Director, Cheryl Johnson, Chief of Staff, and the hundreds and thousands of peo-ple who worked so hard to make this dream a reality. For over 10 years, they have toiled day in and day out to prepare for the opening and operation of the National Museum of Afri-can American History and Culture. I know that the leadership and staff of the Museum have labored tirelessly for years and years—designing the building, raising funds, envisioning the exhibits, collecting artifacts, conducting research, and meeting with the many people across this country and around the world who are so excited about this his-toric moment. Mr. Speaker, I thank each and every one of them for their hard work, deter-mination, and dedication to the National Mu-seum of African American History and Culture. Mr. Speaker, the National Museum of Afri-can American History and Culture took over 100 years to evolve from a dream to a reality in the Nation’s Capitol on the National Mall. The most recent congressional effort began with the late former Congressman Thomas ‘‘Mickey’’ Leland from Texas who revitalized the legislation in 1985. I was proud to continue his work and fought for 15 years for the bill to pass the House and Senate before finally being signed into law by President George W. Bush. It was a long, hard, labor of love, and there were so many wonderful Members on both sides of the aisle and the dome, who helped accomplish this mission, which spanned gen-erations, decades, and movements. In 1993, the late Senator Paul Martin Simon from Illi-nois introduced a companion to the House legislation. Beginning in 2001, former Senator Sam Brownback from Kansas, former Senator Max Cleland from Georgia, and former Sen-ator Chris Dodd from Connecticut joined the House coalition which included Representa-tives William ‘‘Bill’’ Clay from Missouri, J.C. Watts, Jr. from Oklahoma, and Jack Kingston from Georgia who helped take this bipartisan, bicameral effort across the finish line. Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss if I did not also thank some of the former congressional staff who worked for so many years to pass the legislation which authorized the Museum— Tammy Boyd in my office; Kerri Watson with former Rep. J.C. Watts; LaRochelle Young with former Sen. Sam Brownback: and Donni Turner with former Sen. Max Cleland. They re-fused to give up; they refused to give in, and we thank them for their hard work and service. On the eve of this long-awaited day, I join with more than 110 of my colleagues in con-gratulating Smithsonian Institution’s family, the countless staff, and many volunteers of the National Museum of African American History and Culture on their persistence, their deter-mination, and—very, very soon—on their suc-cess. Tonight, we should all be proud, and each and every one of us must take the necessary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.053 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1409 September 29, 2016 
hours, days, weeks, and months to visit, learn, explore, and reflect on the Smithsonian’s Na-tional Museum of African American History and Culture and all that it signifies and entails. Mr. Speaker, this is a good day; it is a great day. 
f 
HONORING THE JUNIOR LEAGUE OF SAINT PAUL 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Junior League of Saint Paul (JLSP) as the organization marks 100 years of dedicated community service to the people of Saint Paul, Minnesota. Since 1917, the Junior League of Saint Paul has been an all-female volunteer organization committed to the work of its founder, Elizabeth Ames Jackson. For the past century, JLSP has forged coalitions and leveraged the talents and passions of vol-unteers to address our community’s greatest challenges. After working on behalf of the Red Cross and supporting the war effort in the 1920’s, JLSP found a cause of their own to champion. Realizing that there was a need in the com-munity for women to have a place to recover peacefully from surgery, they created a Con-valescent Home for Women and Girls. This al-lowed women to have a place out of the hos-pital where they might regain their strength be-fore returning to the stresses of work and fam-ily. In 1933, the JLSP was approached by the Children’s Hospital to create a needy-bed fund for children whose families could not afford medical care. The JLSP eagerly stepped in and started a city wide push for funds to sup-port the hospital. Their success culminated in the creation of the Children’s Hospital Asso-ciation, which in later years has gone on to fund hospital initiatives and start-up programs. The Children’s Hospital Association is still pro-viding for the healthcare needs of children in the Saint Paul area to this day in part because of the work of the JLSP. Understanding that there were other chal-lenges to address in the community, the JLSP shifted their focus to the development of rec-reational spaces for Saint Paul’s youth. They partnered with the Neighborhood House and the Community Chest, which later became the United Way, to start Saint Paul Community Services. With the help of $12,000 of seed money from the JLSP, Saint Paul Community Services, now known as Keystone Community Services, is still in operation today. In the 1980’s as Saint Paul welcomed an in-flux of Hmong refugees, the women of the Saint Paul Junior League saw a way that they may help their new neighbors. The JLSP saw the beauty and opportunity represented in the story cloths made by Hmong women. By help-ing to market these beautiful cloths for sale in the community, JLSP assisted in empowering their new neighbors to earn money and im-prove their English. In the 1990’s the JLSP pivoted to the issue of domestic violence and started the Min-nesota chapter of Silent Witness; an organiza-tion that helped to bring awareness and honor the memory of women killed as a result of abuse. In the new century, members of JLSP worked with Women’s Advocates in Saint Paul, the nation’s first battered women’s shel-ter. They helped to make the shelter more physically comfortable, inviting, and safe for women who were seeking refuge. Over the course of a century, the JLSP has taken on daunting challenges in Saint Paul to create solutions to lift up those disadvantaged and struggling members of our community. Mr. Speaker, please join me in rising to honor the Junior League of Saint Paul on its 100th anni-versary—and for the next century of service to the community. f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL WILDERNESS MONTH 
HON. J. FRENCH HILL 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in rec-ognition of September as National Wilderness Month. This month we marked the 52nd anniver-sary of the Wilderness Act of 1964, which cre-ated our National Wilderness Preservation System and established the procedure for designating federal lands as wilderness by Congress. Earlier this year, Congress was blessed with a visit from Pope Francis, who took his papal name from St. Francis of Assisi, the protector of the proper joyful balance in care for the earth. In his encyclical, the Holy Father notes St. Francis’s request that ‘‘part of the friary garden was always left untouched,’’ just like America’s extraordinary wilderness. Arkansas is home to 12 of these unique wil-derness areas, including the Flatside Wilder-ness in the Ouachita National Forest. In March, I was joined by Arkansas Rep. Rick Beck, members of the Boy Scouts, the Ozark Society, the Sierra Club, and representatives from the U.S. Forest Service on a six mile hike through Flatside, enjoying the serene beauty of this area left wild. During National Wilderness Month, we rec-ognize these wilderness areas in our great country and the need to preserve them for fu-ture generations of Americans. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. DOROTHY HYATT 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my personal congratulations and best wishes to an excep-tional community leader and outstanding cit-izen, Mrs. Dorothy Hyatt, on the occasion of her retirement as Executive Director of Girls, Inc. of Columbus, Georgia. A Columbus native, Dorothy Hyatt starting going to Girls, Inc. at an early age and contin-ued her attendance throughout high school. Her mother worked many hours to support Dorothy and her four siblings so Dorothy would spend much of her time at Girls, Inc. where she would do arts and crafts, learn how to cook and sew, and play in the swimming pool. Her peers and mentors at Girls, Inc. en-couraged her to attend college after her grad-uation from Jordan High School in 1972. She received a scholarship from Girls, Inc. and earned a Bachelor’s degree in Social Rehabili-tation from Troy State University in 1976 and a Master’s in Criminal Justice from the same university in 1980. Girls, Inc. had been such an integral part of her childhood and teenage years that it came as no surprise when Mrs. Hyatt returned to Girls, Inc. to work as Center Director of the Garrard Center in Columbus in 1976. In 1981, Mrs. Hyatt became the Executive Director of Girls, Inc. of Columbus and has served in this capacity ever since. There was no better can-didate to run the organization than Mrs. Hyatt. Having been on the receiving side of the pro-gram, she knew the impact it could have on a young girl and the decisions she made during the most formative years of her life. Girls, Inc. can be the difference between a bright, suc-cessful future and a life of drugs, crime, or poverty. Mrs. Hyatt’s understanding of the or-ganization’s mission on a personal level has helped to keep Girls, Inc. effective in men-toring girls and shaping them into strong, inde-pendent women. In addition to her leadership of Girls, Inc., Mrs. Hyatt has proven to be an exceptional member of her community. She has served on the Columbus South Task Force and the Co-lumbus Coalition of Children and Youth. She served as a board member of the Downtown Kiwanis Club and the St. Francis Hospital Ad-visory Committee for Women’s Health. In 1996, Ms. Hyatt served as President of the United Way Directors Association. She is a 1993 graduate of Leadership Columbus and a 1998 graduate of Leadership Georgia. Ms. Hyatt has been recognized numerous times for her professional and community work. She is a recipient of the Girls, Inc. Southern Regional Professional of the Year Award; the Judge Aaron Cohn Community Service Award; the Keith Bissel Volunteer Award from the Kiwanis Club; the Gracious Lady Award, the Leadership Georgia Founda-tion Award, and the Governor Honors Award, among many others. Dr. Benjamin E. Mays often said: ‘‘You make your living by what you get; you make your life by what you give.’’ Not only has Mrs. Hyatt made her living at Girls, Inc. by men-toring and uplifting girls beyond their cir-cumstances, but she has also made her life by giving back to the great city of Columbus in so many ways. We are all very grateful for her tireless advocacy in making our community stronger. A woman of great integrity, her ef-forts, her dedication, and her expertise are un-paralleled, but her heart for helping others uti-lizing these qualities has made her life’s work truly special. Mrs. Hyatt has accomplished much in her life but none of it would be possible without the love and support of her husband, Phil; her children, Emilee and Wynn; and her grandson, Harrison. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in extending our sincerest appreciation and best wishes to Mrs. Dorothy Hyatt upon the occasion of her retirement from an outstanding career spanning four decades with Girls, Inc. of Columbus. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.057 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1410 September 29, 2016 
HONORING JON WOOD 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL, Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jon Wood for his service as a mem-ber of the Congressional Award Board of Di-rectors. The United States Congress established the Congressional Award in 1979 to recognize ini-tiative, achievement, and service in young people. It began as a bipartisan effort in both the United States Senate and the House of Representatives. The original bill was spon-sored by the late Senator Malcolm Wallop of Wyoming and the late Congressman James Howard of New Jersey. Originally signed into law by President Jimmy Carter, the legislation (Public Law 96–114) established the Congres-sional Award as a public-private partnership, which receives all funding from the private sector. Every president since, both Democratic and Republican, have signed legislation to continue the program. The Congressional Award Board of Direc-tors is comprised of 48 members and supports the work of the foundation by providing mis-sion-based leadership and strategic govern-ance. Every member of the Board serves as a volunteer to help make the program a na-tional opportunity available in every congres-sional district. During this past year, over 40,000 partici-pants from all 50 states were actively working toward earning a Congressional Award and 5,000 new participants enrolled in the pro-gram. Since its inception, over 7 million hours of service have been contributed to commu-nities nationwide. The example set by Jon is one we all should strive for. His willingness to serve his community and our nation’s young people sets him apart as an outstanding individual, and I have been honored to serve alongside of him as Leader P
ELOSI ’Scongressional appointee to the Board. I ask that all of my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in thanking Jon for his service and wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KURTZ HARDWARE COMPANY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Kurtz Hardware Company for their 150th year of business in the Des Moines metropolitan area. L.H. Kurtz, a German immigrant, founded Kurtz Hardware Company in 1866, starting what is now one of the oldest companies in the community. At first selling hardware and tin items, the store evolved through the years, adding plumbing and heating products, and later sporting goods and houseware sections. A roof collapse in 1998, along with the com-petition of newer and larger hardware stores opening in the area, led current fifth genera-tion owner Bob Kurtz to refocus the business to concentrate on commercial contracting. The Des Moines Register, in an article featuring the business, asked why Kurtz Hardware Company has lasted so long and endured such difficult times as the Great Depression, World War II, the farm crisis of the 1980s, and the rise of the big box stores. Bob Kurtz an-swered with a laugh, ‘‘It’s just the old stubborn German in us, I guess.’’ As a testament to the longevity of Kurtz Hardware Company, the Des Moines Register noted that the company supplied materials for the Equitable Building, Des Moines’ first sky-scraper of the time, built back in 1924. Today, they are providing doors and hardware for that same Equitable Building as it is currently being renovated into residential living. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Kurtz Hardware Company in the United States Congress and I’m proud to recognize them for their 150 years of service to the Des Moines area. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Kurtz Hardware Company of Des Moines and in wishing them nothing but continued success. f 
HONORING SPECIALIST RICHARD ALLEN CABLE 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I rise to remember United States Army Specialist Richard ‘‘Dickie’’ Allen Cable for his bravery and willingness to fight for his country. Specialist Cable was killed in action while defending his comrades during Operation Billings in Vietnam on June 14, 1967. It is my honor to sponsor H.R. 4887, a bill that would name the Post Office in Shelby, Indiana, after Specialist Cable, a hero who gave up his life in service of the nation he loved. A resident of Shelby, Dickie graduated from Lowell High School in 1965 and is remem-bered by friends as an exceptional member of the community. Dickie was an outstanding ath-lete who loved softball, basketball, and track and field. His friends recall that Dickie was al-ways captain and everyone always wanted to be on his team. Dickie was adopted and an only child. Following the death of his father Fred, when Dickie was only nine, he took on a variety of jobs to help support his mother, Grace, including working as a pin setter at the local bowling alley. After high school, Dickie got a job at Inland Steel in East Chicago, Indi-ana. In 1966, Dickie was drafted into the United States Army and served as a rifleman as-signed to B Company, 1st Battalion, 16th In-fantry Regiment of the 1st Infantry Division, where he demonstrated bravery and courage. Specialist Cable and his team were on a mis-sion when he spotted several Viet Cong in the jungle. He shouted a warning to his comrades and fired on the Viet Cong. Ignoring the heavy return fire, he engaged the enemy until his comrades reached cover. As he moved to re-join his team, he spotted an enemy machine- gun team setting up. Realizing his fellow sol-diers would be subject to vicious crossfire, Specialist Cable began a running assault to-ward the enemy position. Although he was wounded several times, he overran the posi-tion and killed the insurgents before he fell. He was only 20 years old. For his courage and sacrifice, Dickie was posthumously honored by the military with the Silver Star and the Purple Heart. In addition, Dickie was awarded the Na-tional Defense Service Medal, the Vietnam Service Medal with 2 Bronze Service Stars, the Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross Medal with Palm, the Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal with 1960 Device, the Com-bat Infantry Badge, and the Sharpshooter Badge with Rifle Bar. Dickie was survived by his mother, Grace, and a close-knit community of neighbors and friends in Shelby, who continue to honor his memory today. I would like to thank Mr. Rich-ard Boetler, who first approached my office about dedicating the Shelby Post Office to Dickie’s memory and organized a petition to advocate for this legislation with over 700 sig-natures from former and current Shelby resi-dents. Additionally, I would like to extend my appreciation to the entire Indiana delegation for joining me in this effort. Finally, I would like to thank the local elected officials in Shelby for their advocacy, including Indiana State Sen-ator Rick Niemeyer, Indiana State Representa-tive Michael Aylesworth, Cedar Creek Town-ship Trustee Alice Dahl, Lake County Council-man Eldon Strong, and Lake County Commis-sioner Gerry Scheub. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring a fallen hero, United States Army Specialist Richard Allen Cable. Specialist Cable sacrificed his life in service to his coun-try, and his death was a great loss to our Na-tion. Nearly 50 years after his passing, Spe-cialist Cable remains a hero in the eyes of his loved ones and his Nation. Let us take this op-portunity to honor the sacrifice he made to preserve the ideals of freedom and democ-racy. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID K. RAMEY 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, the House of Representatives is, in my opinion, the greatest legislative body in the history of the world. A large portion of the credit for that is due to the thousands of staff members who dedicate the better part of their adult lives to working within the halls of this democratic institution. For the past 24 years, I have been incredibly fortunate to have benefitted from the talented services of David Kirk Ramey. Dave’s tenure in the House dates back to before I was elected (when the Cold War ex-isted and the Internet didn’t), when he worked for my good friend and mentor, former Con-gressman Jerry Lewis (R–CA). Dave served Rep. Lewis from February 1985 through De-cember 1992 as a Foreign Policy and Defense Analyst in the House Republican Conference, Policy Committee, and Research Committee. Months after being hired by Lewis, Dave wel-comed to the Research Committee staff his good friend Flint Lewis (no relation to the Con-gressman). Alongside Jack Pitney, Guy Hicks, Kelly Cook Marcavage, Brenda Benjamin Reese, Todd Hauptli, Jim O’Malley, Frank 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.060 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1411 September 29, 2016 
Gregorsky, Paul Ritacco, Lee Raudonis, Ed Slevin and others, Dave served for eight years in the House Republican Leadership. According to former Staff Director Bob Okun, who hired Dave and under whom Dave worked during most of those years, Dave ‘‘. . . distinguished himself as a top notch re-searcher and writer on Capitol Hill in the 1980s which served him so well through his thirty plus years on the Hill.’’ Dave wrote for the 1988 Republican Platform Committee which was co-chaired by Rep. Lewis. Con-gressman Lewis told me that he has ‘‘. . . al-ways been very proud of the quality of our personal staff. One of the greatest among them has been David Ramey. To our knowl-edge, the only mistake Dave ever made was to leave our staff and to go and work for my buddy K
ENCALVERT .’’ After I was first elected in November of 1992, Dave was one of the first staff members I brought on board as my Legislative Director. My first Chief of Staff, Ed Slevin, said ‘‘Without a doubt, Dave is one of the best and the brightest. He was a great renaissance man for the Congressman.’’ In 1997, Dave became my Chief of Staff when Ed left the Hill. Throughout his time in my office, Dave has demonstrated a tremendous gift for analyzing policies and finding solutions to complex legislative chal-lenges. Many things have changed over Dave’s 32 years in the House, but his sense of punctuality and neatness were always a constant. He has also mentored a great number of staff members and interns who have served in my office, sharing with them the tremendous knowledge he possesses about our govern-ment, Capitol Hill, history and life in general. I believe it’s fair to say nobody who spent time working in our office left without bearing the imprint of Dave’s wonderful leadership. Some of the staff’s favorite Daveisms include: ‘‘Ounce for ounce, testosterone is more dan-gerous than plutonium,’’ ‘‘If you want one thing, ask for two,’’ ‘‘cc’s are free,’’ ‘‘What gets scheduled, gets done,’’ ‘‘A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds,’’ ‘‘Don’t go to law school,’’ and the all-time favorite, ‘‘The six most important words in the English language are: ‘I am sorry. I was wrong.’ ’’ In addition to working in my office, Dave has served as the CRAP Master, the head of the California Republican Administrative Personnel group (CRAPs), as well as Co-Chairman of the bipartisan California State Society. He graduated from the College of William and Mary in 1984 with a B.A. in International Rela-tions and in 2010 received his Master of Arts with Highest Distinction from the Naval War College in National Security and Strategic Studies. When Dave steps down on October 31st to become a principal at Kadesh and As-sociates, it will mark the departure of the last staff member in my office who has served me since I was sworn into office in 1993. (The amount of file space that we will reclaim is practically unfathomable.) Dave’s immeas-urable contributions to my office, the constitu-ents I have represented in Riverside and Or-ange Counties, and to our country are some-thing for which we should all be very grateful. Personally, I have and will continue to value my friendship with Dave and wish him and his wife Jenny, their daughter Maddie and son Ben the very best and brightest future. DYSTONIA AWARENESS MONTH HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the month of September as Dystonia Awareness Month. Currently, it is estimated that at least 300,000 individuals in North America suffer from dystonia, making it more common than Huntington’s, muscular dystrophy, and ALS. Dystonia may be inherited or caused by spe-cific factors such as trauma, certain medica-tions, and additional medical conditions. For most people with dystonia, the cause remains unknown and there is currently no cure. Dystonia is a neurological movement dis-order that causes muscles to contract and spasm involuntarily. It affects men, women, and children. Dystonia can be generalized, af-fecting all major muscle groups, and resulting in twisting, repetitive movements and abnor-mal postures. It can also be focal, affecting a specific part of the body such as legs, arms, hands, neck, face, mouth, eyelids, or vocal cords. Dystonia is not usually fatal, but it is a chronic disorder producing symptoms that vary in degrees of frequency, intensity, disability, and pain depending on the type of dystonia. The inability to predict or control the move-ments of the legs, arms, hands, neck, shoul-ders, face, eyelids, jaw, tongue, and/or vocal cords has a profound impact on an individual’s life. Medical literature associates the onset of dystonia with traumatic injury, particularly trau-matic head/brain injuries. Our men and women in uniform face a disproportionate risk of developing dystonia as a result of an injury sustained during their military service. The Dystonia Medical Research Foundation, which works to raise awareness of dystonia is a nationwide organization that serves the com-munity. Beyond awareness, the Dystonia Med-ical Research Foundation provides the dystonia community with support, education, advocacy, and the promotion of research into the causes of and care of dystonia. I have long known the Farber family and have seen their contributions and passion for the support of dystonia related research and awareness. I call on my colleagues to recognize the goals and ideals of Dystonia Awareness Month by supporting federal activities that im-prove lives of patients impacted by dystonia including research programs at the National Institutes of Health. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JERRY WAY 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the career of Mr. Jerry Way as the Director of Public Works for the City of Sac-ramento. As his family, friends, and colleagues gather to celebrate his many professional ac-complishments, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating this exceptional individual whose 36 years of service have greatly benefited the City of Sacramento. A graduate from California State University, Sacramento, Jerry began his career in Public Works in 1980. As the City Traffic Engineer and Streets Manager, Jerry led projects that greatly improved the infrastructure of the State Capital. He was appointed Sacramento’s Di-rector of Public Works in 2006. He managed over 400 employees and a $100 million capital improvement budget, overseeing projects that greatly enhanced public safety, raised the quality of life of my constituents, and promoted environmental sustainability. His oversight also included the operations and maintenance of more than 3,000 road lane miles, 40,000 streetlights, and 10,000 parking spaces. Jerry is well known throughout Sacramento for his ability to get things done in City Hall. In recent years, he took on some of the re-gion’s largest and most important projects, in-cluding the new downtown arena, the Down-town Sacramento Streetcar, and the Delta Shores and Railyards developments. His steady leadership, his sense of humor, and his perspective over the last decade have been instrumental in changing Sacramento for the better. Because of his dedication to serving the public, Jerry was named as one of the Top 10 Public Works Leaders in North America by the American Public Works Association. Jerry served on the Board of Directors for the Sac-ramento Tree Foundation and for the River District; he also promoted environmental awareness in the Sacramento community through his many sustainability projects. Jer-ry’s extraordinary commitment to raising the quality of life for the citizens of Sacramento has helped make the state capital a wonderful place to live, work, and raise a family. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to Jerry Way as he celebrates his years of dedi-cation to the City of Sacramento. I am sad to see him leave public service; my constituents will miss his commitment to improving their city. I ask all my colleagues to join me in hon-oring Jerry’s outstanding career and wishing him the best in retirement. f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHNNY’S BODY SHOP 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Johnny’s Body Shop of Essex, Iowa, for celebrating their 50th year in business. Johnny’s Body Shop was founded by the late Johnny and Ei-leen Resh in 1966. Johnny’s Body Shop is currently owned by Hazel and Delaine Resh. They represent the third generation of Resh family ownership. Delaine spends most of his day doing the re-quired insurance and written estimates for customers, and notes how dramatically the auto industry has changed over the years. Delaine and Hazel often state their grateful-ness to the residents of Essex for supporting their family-run business for over a half cen-tury. Mr. Speaker, I commend Hazel and Delaine Resh for their years of dedicated and devoted service to Essex and the surrounding area. The staff at Johnny’s Body Shop make a dif-ference by helping and serving others every day. It is with great honor that I recognize them today and I am proud to represent them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.063 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1412 September 29, 2016 
in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating them on this outstanding milestone and in wishing them and their entire family nothing but continued success. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call No. 557, and Yea on Roll Call No. 558. 
f 
‘‘CHASSEURS VOLONTAIRES’’ 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the efforts of several hundred ‘‘Chasseurs Volontaires,’’ or volunteer soldiers from Haiti who courageously fought for our independence during the Battle of Savannah in 1779. The ‘‘Corps de Chasseurs-Volontaires de Saint-Domingue’’ was organized in the French colony of Saint-Domingue, now Haiti, to sup-port French troops on their way to fight in the American Revolution. They later joined forces with American colonists and French troops to take part in the campaign to drive the British out of Savannah, Georgia. During the siege that lasted for more than two weeks and ultimately ended in defeat, the Chasseurs Volontaires fought alongside their American and French counterparts and many bravely laid down their lives. As the siege ended and American forces retreated, it was the Chasseurs Volontaires who fought off Brit-ish counterattacks, thus ensuring the safe evacuation of our troops from the area. The Chasseurs Volontaires were the largest individual unit to serve during the Siege of Sa-vannah, making up almost a third of the French force that fought in the battle. Their valiant efforts saved many American lives and contributed to our overall victory and inde-pendence. Upon their return to Haiti, the Chasseurs Volontaires played an important role in their own war for independence. Mr. Speaker, we owe the Chasseurs Volontaires a great deal of respect. I join the many Haitian-Americans in my Congressional district in thanking the Chasseurs Volontaires for their courage and sacrifice, and I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing these un-sung heroes. 
f 
CONGRESS SALUTES THE ARMY’S 65TH INFANTRY REGIMENT ‘‘THE BORINQUENEERS’’ 
HON. BILL POSEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday, Oc-tober 22, 2016, veteran soldiers of the Army’s 65th Infantry Regiment, known as the Borinqueneers, will be recognized with replica Congressional Gold Medals in a ceremony or-ganized by local businesses and by the Borinqueneer Congressional Gold Medal Na-tional Committee. Residents, families and mili-tary veterans will gather in Orlando, Florida to honor these American heroes. Created by Congress in 1898 as an all- Puerto Rican military unit, the 65th Infantry Regiment was called upon to serve in World War I, World War II, and especially the Korean War, where they became known as ‘‘the Borinqueneers’’. During the darkest days of the Korean War, the 65th Infantry Regiment fought some of the fiercest battles under some of the harshest conditions; and they did so as the military’s last segregated unit—a true testimony to their character. It was at the now-famous Battle of the Chosin Reservoir, one of the greatest strategic withdrawals in modern military history, that the 65th Infantry Regiment fearlessly provided cover for the 1st Marine Division. The Borinqueneers are also recorded to be the last in U.S. Army history to conduct a battalion- sized bayonet charge. For their extraordinary service in the Korean War, the Regiment earned a Medal of Honor, 9 Distinguished Service Crosses, approxi-mately 250 Silver Stars, over 600 Bronze Stars, and more than 2,700 Purple Hearts. The Borinqueneers now join the ranks of the most intrepid American warriors who have re-ceived the Congressional Gold Medal. Awarding the 65th Infantry Regiment with the Congressional Gold Medal is an oppor-tunity for our nation to honor the sacrifices, and recognize the prejudices and injustices endured by these American heroes. It is fitting we celebrate our beloved Borinqueneers on the heels of Hispanic Heritage month. The freedom we all enjoy today exists be-cause of their courage, and their service to our nation. I ask my colleagues to join me in saluting their service and their commitment to the cause of liberty and freedom. f 
HONORING PAUL KELLY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Paul Kelly for his service as a mem-ber of the Congressional Award Board of Di-rectors. The United States Congress established the Congressional Award in 1979 to recognize ini-tiative, achievement, and service in young people. It began as a bipartisan effort in both the United States Senate and the House of Representatives. The original bill was spon-sored by the late Senator Malcolm Wallop of Wyoming and the late Congressman James Howard of New Jersey. Originally signed into law by President Jimmy Carter, the legislation (Public Law 96–114) established the Congres-sional Award as a public-private partnership, which receives all funding from the private sector. Every president since, both Democratic and Republican, have signed legislation to continue the program. The Congressional Award Board of Direc-tors is comprised of 48 members and supports the work of the foundation by providing mis-sion-based leadership and strategic govern-ance. Every member of the Board serves as a volunteer to help make the program a na-tional opportunity available in every congres-sional district. During this past year, over 40,000 partici-pants from all 50 states were actively working toward earning a Congressional Award and 5,000 new participants enrolled in the pro-gram. Since its inception, over 7 million hours of service have been contributed to commu-nities nationwide. The example set by Paul is one we all should strive for. His willingness to serve his community and our nation’s young people sets him apart as an outstanding individual, and I have been honored to serve alongside of him as Leader PELOSI ’s congressional appointee to the Board. I ask that all of my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in thanking Paul for his service and wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LOGAN KINYON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Logan Kinyon of Orient, Iowa, on being crowned the 2017 Miss Rodeo Iowa. Logan is the daughter of Jamie and Lori Kinyon of Orient, Iowa. She graduated from Northwest Missouri State University in Mary-ville, Missouri in December 2015 with a de-gree in Agriculture Business. During her years of participating in rodeo, Logan has competed in barrel racing, pole bending, goat tying, break-away roping and cutting. She became involved in rodeo pageants in 2012 and was crowned Miss Rodeo Lenox. Logan will now go on to compete at the 2017 Miss Rodeo America pageant in Las Vegas. Mr. Speaker, I commend Logan for the hard work and determination she has displayed in earning this recognition. I am proud to rep-resent her in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Logan on this outstanding achievement and in wishing her best of luck at the Miss Rodeo America Pageant in December. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SAM KENNEDY 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor former Tennessee Press Asso-ciation president, judge, district attorney, newspaper editor, and publisher Sam Ken-nedy. He has become the 16th inductee into the State Open Government Hall of Fame. He will be the first Tennessean who has received this recognition. Sam Kennedy is from Maury County, Ten-nessee. He worked as the General Sessions Judge and District Attorney for the 14th Judi-cial District. He was also elected as the Maury 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.066 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1413 September 29, 2016 
County Executive in 1992. Sam served as a member of the Tennessee State School Board and the Law Revision Commission. The main focus of Sam Kennedy’s career is journalism. Kennedy was the editor and pub-lisher of the Columbia Daily Herald and a leader in the Tennessee Press Association. He served as the president and chaired its Government Affairs Committee for 30 years. He also served as a director for the Southern Newspaper Publishers Association. Sam Kennedy has shaped much of what journalism is today. He has been an advocate for the First Amendment and took the lead to help pass the Tennessee Sunshine law. This law passed in 1974. It requires meetings of state, city and county government bodies to be open to the public and that any such gov-ernmental body must give adequate notice be-fore the meeting. Through his influence, he fought to keep government as transparent as possible. The Open Government Hall of Fame is a joint initiative of the National Freedom of Infor-mation Coalition (NFOIC) and the Society of Professional Journalists (SPJ). Inductees are recognized for their ‘‘long and steady effort to preserve and protect the free flow of informa-tion about state and local government that is vital to the public in a democracy. Sam Kennedy has made an extraordinary impact in the state of Tennessee. His life’s work and legacy will continue to benefit those who serve in government and journalism. I now ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing Sam Kennedy. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DON LEWIS 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Don Lewis of Pleasanton on recently receiving one of the 2016 Alameda County Arts Leadership Awards. Through his renowned musical ability, innovative spirit, and enthusiasm for teaching, Don has brought joy to the people of the Bay Area and beyond. Don began playing the piano as a high school student in Dayton, Ohio. As a student at the Tuskegee Institute, he sang with the Tuskegee Chorus and performed at freedom rallies led by Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Don became a pioneer in music technology by inventing the Live Electronic Orchestra, a synthesizer system that influenced the devel-opment of synthesizers and sounds modules for decades to come. He has performed at concerts worldwide and worked with many musical greats, such as the Newport Jazz Festival, Quincy Jones, Michael Jackson, and the Beach Boys. In addition to his professional accomplish-ments, Don is a passionate teacher and an in-volved member of our community. For nearly thirty years, his ‘‘Say Yes to Music!’’ school assemblies have motivated thousands of chil-dren across the United States and Canada to pursue their creative interests. He has en-gaged with Bay Area students at all levels to encourage their musical and artistic pursuits, organizing events where they can learn from each other and showcase their talents to the public. Don also actively participates in service projects as a member of the Rotary Club of Pleasanton. Don’s career is truly a testament to the power of music to inspire and bring joy to oth-ers. This week, Alameda County honors his outstanding achievements and contributions to our community. I want to congratulate Don on this tremendous honor. f 
UNTOUCHABLE NO MORE 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as a former prosecutor and county Judge, I am very con-cerned by the press conference held on July 15th the Director of the FBI, James Comey. The press conference was carried live on many news channels, and Director Comey spoke in great detail (over 2,300 words), re-garding procedures in her use of a personal email server while working as Secretary of State. During this press conference, Director Comey stated: ‘‘Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information, our judg-ment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case.’’ Not only did this press conference likely vio-late FBI procedure, such a public accounting of alleged misdeeds while not recommending charges made it nearly impossible for the De-partment of Justice to do their job in this case. The FBI is an investigating agency, not a prosecuting agency or a judge and jury. Such a public determination of a case is unprece-dented and highly prejudicial. The FBI should investigate and research the facts; determining whether or not those facts constitute a crime is not their job. It appears that Comey’s statement was a violation of internal DOJ procedures. Per DOJ regulations, in federal cases, the prosecutor’s decision to bring criminal charges is governed by the United States Attorney’s Manual. USAM 9–27.000, titled ‘‘Principles of Federal Prosecution’’ contains the DOJ’s written guid-ance to prosecutors about decisions to initiate or decline prosecution. Specifically, 9– 27.220(A) instructs prosecutors to file criminal charges in all cases where there is a violation of federal law and the evidence is sufficient to obtain a conviction, unless one of three grounds exist: Lack of a substantial federal interest; The defendant is subject to prosecution in another jurisdiction; or The existence of adequate non-criminal al-ternatives to prosecution. It is not clear from the Comey statement which of these exceptions he thinks applies in this case. Regardless, the determination of whether or not to pursue charges in the case does not reside with an investigative agency like the FBI. By publicly making this statement, Director Comey made it practically impossible for DOJ to fully fulfill their duties under 27.220(A). There is no provision or practice that per-mits the FBI (or any other federal law enforce-ment agency) to make recommendations to the prosecution in such a public manner. This statement violated practice and procedure and further shows that this investigation was flawed from the beginning. Secretary Clinton received different treatment than any rank and file employee at the State Department would have received in such an instance. A rank and file employee would have, at the very least, lost their security clearance had they engaged in conduct similar to that of Secretary Clinton. In the FBI ‘‘Manual of Investigative Oper-ations and Guidelines’’ section 1–2, a number of policies and procedures are laid out for how the FBI should behave and conduct criminal investigations. Specifically, section 1–2 (1) states: ‘‘The FBI is charged with the duty of in-vestigating violations of the laws of the United States and collective evidence in cases in which the United States is or may be a party in interest’’. In addition, section 1–2 (3) states: ‘‘Results of investigations are furnished to United States Attorneys and/or Department of Justice.’’ There is not a section in this manual that permits or directs the FBI to publicly state that the facts they investigated were not sufficient to warrant prosecution; in fact the manual clearly indicates that these facts should be turned over to either a US Attorney or the DOJ when there is sufficient evidence that a crime occurred. Director Conley stated that ‘‘there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified in-formation’’. Despite this finding, Director Comey appears to have veered from FBI pro-cedures to make a public statement that no prosecution was warranted. It is unclear what legal standard was used to make this deter-mination and appears to be far outside what is permitted under the policies and practice of the FBI. There was a time when the FBI was known as ‘‘The Untouchables’’ because they were above politics; those days are over. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING OFFICERS ANGEL PADILLA AND PETER HAMMER OF THE LINDEN POLICE DEPART-MENT 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Officers Angel Padilla and Peter Ham-mer of the Linden Police Department in Lin-den, New Jersey for their role in the appre-hension of the New Jersey-New York bombing suspect. Just days after we observed the 15th anni-versary of the September 11th terrorist at-tacks, multiple bombs were planted in New York City and in Seaside Park and Elizabeth, New Jersey. On Monday, September 19, 2016, local law enforcement in my district apprehended the bombing suspect, Ahmad Khan Rahami, but not before a shootout injured two brave police officers, Angel Padilla and Peter Hammer. That day, Padilla and Hammer were among officers who responded to a call of a man sleeping in the entrance of a tavern in Linden. As he approached Rahami, whom he recog-nized as the bombing suspect, Padilla was shot in the torso. Fortunately, Padilla was wearing his bulletproof vest when he was struck. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.072 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1414 September 29, 2016 
During the shootout, Hammer, a 22-year veteran of the department, was hit in the head by bullet shrapnel. Thankfully, both officers are expected to make full recoveries. It is undeniable that Officers Padilla and Hammer, as well as the other officers involved in the apprehension of Rahami, are heroes. They pursued the suspect not knowing whether he was armed or worse, putting them-selves in harm’s way to protect their commu-nity. Thanks to their outstanding work, Rahami was apprehended, our community was kept safe, and no lives were lost. On behalf of New Jersey’s 10th Congres-sional District, I extend Officers Padilla and Hammer my deepest appreciation for their service and courage. I am honored to have such dedicated and selfless police officers serving in my district. 
f 
HONORING CHIEF OF STAFF, JACQUELINE ELLIS 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-member a truly dedicated public servant and a great friend, Jacqueline Ellis. I was heartbroken to learn of her recent passing. Jacqui was a trusted and devoted staffer to Congressmen A
LGREEN , Congress-man Major Owens, and the late Senator How-ell Heflin. She was a longtime advocate and mentor for people of color, especially African American women, working on Capitol Hill. The entire Capitol Hill family will miss her dearly, but we will treasure our fond memories that were created with her over her 30 years of selfless public service. I know my Chief of Staff also viewed Jacqui as a mentor and my entire staff will dearly miss her. We will re-member the many gifts that Jacqui possessed, and we will miss her commitment to social jus-tice, her gentle spirit, and her humbleness. Jacqui was a role model to many on Capitol Hill and a fierce advocate for people from all walks of life. I extend my sincere condolences to Jacqui’s family, loved ones, her colleagues in Con-gressman G
REEN ’s office, and to all those who served with her over the years. She will be sorely missed. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAIN STREET DANCE STUDIOS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate a great Iowa business, Main Street Dance Studios of Panora, Guthrie Center, Stuart and Nevada, Iowa, as they celebrate their 25th year in busi-ness. Kristi Vance, owner of Main Street Dance Studios, began dancing at the age of seven. For the past 25 years, Kristi has been impart-ing her knowledge to many young students. The Main Street Dance Studios teach a range of dance classes including ballet, hip hop, acrobatics, and contemporary dance. Mr. Speaker, over the last 25 years Main Street Dance Studios has left an indelible mark on the dance and youth communities of Iowa. I commend Kristi Vance and all the em-ployees at the Main Street Dance Studios for a job well done. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in honoring this company for their commitment to the arts in the state of Iowa and in wishing them nothing but continued success. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, today the U.S. House Representatives voted on an override of the President’s veto of S. 2040. This bill narrows the scope of sovereign immu-nity by allowing U.S. Courts to hear cases against a foreign state involving injury, death and damages as a result of a tort. Very re-cently my husband’s law firm has undertaken legal representation of a client who seeks to recover from a foreign state the value of claims previously paid. I believe that Rule III in conjunction with Rule XIII, clause 2, leads me to abstain from the vote on this subject to avoid even the impression of a conflict and to adhere to both the spirit and letter of the Rules. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PARALYMPIAN A.J. DIGBY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Ostego High School graduate and Tontogany, Ohio, native A.J. Digby for his impressive per-formance at this summer’s Paralympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. At the young age of 18 years old, A.J. held his own, placing fourth in the 400-meter race and fifth in the 200- meter race. Both of his times in these events were personal bests. A.J. has not let any obstacle prevent him from reaching new track and field heights. Born without fibula bones in both calves due to a congenital order, A.J. began competing in sprinting competitions at the age of 14 with running blades. His performance in Brazil has been an inspi-ration to the community as well, with over 50 family and friends gathering at Ostego High School recently to celebrate his accomplish-ments. Mr. Speaker, to finish as well as A.J. Digby did at the Paralympics, it takes hard work, dedication, and a commitment to improving each and every day. I commend A.J. for his perseverance, and I speak for many when I say I’m excited to see what he will accomplish in the future. Congratulations, Paralympian A.J. Digby, on a job well done. HONORING THE LIFE OF CADET BRANDON T. JACKSON HON. GREGORY W. MEEKS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, it is with great sadness and a heavy heart that I recognize the life of my constituent, West Point Cadet Brandon T. Jackson, a brilliant young man who tragically passed away on September 11, 2016, in an automobile accident in Croton-on- Hudson, New York. Brandon was born on April 17, 1996 in Flushing, Queens. He was a proud ‘‘A’’ stu-dent graduate of Holy Cross High School in Flushing and was an exceptional member of the U.S. Military Academy Prep School Class of 2015. This bright young man was a proud member of West Point’s Military Class of 2019, E Com-pany, Second Regiment. His mother, Morna Davis, a veteran of the Iraq War, a member of the U.S. Army Reserves and a New York City Police Department Detective, inspired Cadet Jackson to commit his life to service to our country. Brandon loved Army football from a young age and, beginning in his freshman year, earned a spot as a starting member of the Army football team in the position of corner back. Brandon excelled in his role as a defen-sive lineman, attained impressive stats, and played a key role in the team’s victory over Rice University on Saturday, September 10. Brandon was equally driven academically and was an exemplary student as a Manage-ment major in the Department of Behavioral Sciences and Leadership. He was a member of West Point’s Cultural Affairs Club and, in his free time, enjoyed playing chess and bas-ketball. Brandon is fondly remembered by all who knew him for his warm smile, engaging man-ner and quiet grace. He loved to help others, was a mentor to younger players and treas-ured his family, especially his mother. His short life was one of achievement and excel-lence and this proud member of the Long Gray Line exemplified the watch words of West Point—Duty, Honor, Country. There is no way to measure our loss of this incredible young man with such great promise who was dedicated to a life of service to our great nation and its citizens. I offer my deep-est condolences to his family. 
f 
HONORING PATRICK M CLAIN 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Patrick McLain for his service as a member of the Congressional Award Board of Directors. The United States Congress established the Congressional Award in 1979 to recognize ini-tiative, achievement, and service in young people. It began as a bipartisan effort in both the United States Senate and the House of Representatives. The original bill was spon-sored by the late Senator Malcolm Wallop of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.075 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1415 September 29, 2016 
Wyoming and the late Congressman James Howard of New Jersey. Originally signed into law by President Jimmy Carter, the legislation (Public Law 96–114) established the Congres-sional Award as a public-private partnership, which receives all funding from the private sector. Every president since, both Democratic and Republican, have signed legislation to continue the program. The Congressional Award Board of Direc-tors is comprised of 48 members and supports the work of the foundation by providing mis-sion-based leadership and strategic govern-ance. Every member of the Board serves as a volunteer to help make the program a na-tional opportunity available in every congres-sional district. During this past year, over 40,000 partici-pants from all 50 states were actively working toward earning a Congressional Award and 5,000 new participants enrolled in the pro-gram. Since its inception, over 7 million hours of service have been contributed to commu-nities nationwide. The example set by Patrick is one we all should strive for. His willingness to serve his community and our nation’s young people sets him apart as an outstanding individual, and I have been honored to serve alongside of him as Leader P
ELOSI ’s congressional appointee to the Board. I ask that all of my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in thanking Patrick for his service and wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE HONOR FLIGHT OF OREGON 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize the 42 World War II veterans from Or-egon who will be visiting their memorial this Friday in Washington, D.C. through Honor Flight of Oregon. On behalf of a grateful state and country, we welcome these heroes to our nation’s capital. The veterans on this flight from Oregon are as follows: Russell Carter, Army; Carolyn Clark, Army; Robert Kakuska, Army; Henry Kreminski, Army; Milford McDougal, Army; William Osteen, Army; Carl Propes, Army; Richard Reeve, Army; Arthur Schlenther, Army; Carl Smith, Army; Richard Sowell, Army; Frank Spiegel, Army; Alvin Tesky, Army; Edward Usselman, Army; Walter McNeill, Army Air Corps; Gordon Sodorff, Army Air Corps; Shirley Wilson, Army Air Corps; Clarence Read, Army Air Forces; Wal-ter Seaman, Army Air Forces; William Thomp-son, Army Air Forces; Robert Turkisher, Army Air Forces; Robert Lortie, Coast Guard; Nancy Songer, Coast Guard; Frank Gibson, Marine Corps; Owen Anson, Navy; Ellsworth Bell, Navy; Jack Clevinger, Navy; Leroy Colvin, Navy; Kenneth Harding, Navy; David Henthorne, Navy; Robert Jackson, Navy; Hugh Keavney, Navy; William Krager, Navy; Willis Marshall, Navy; William Miller, Navy; Melvin Probst, Navy; Margaret Ross, Navy; Leonard Tischler, Navy; Donald Quinn, Navy; Forrest Hall, Navy Reserve; Santo Regalbuto, Navy Reserve; and Patsy Seaman, Women’s Army Corps. These 42 heroes join the estimated 20,000 to 25,000 veterans who will travel to Wash-ington, D.C. from their home states in 2016, adding to the over 150,000 veterans who have been honored through the Honor Flight Net-work of volunteers nationwide since 2005. Mr. Speaker, each of us is humbled by the courage of these brave Americans who put themselves in harm’s way for our country and way of life. As a nation, we can never fully repay the debt of gratitude owed to them for their honor, commitment, and sacrifice in de-fense of the freedoms we have today. My colleagues, please join me in thanking these veterans and the volunteers of Honor Flight of Oregon for their exemplary dedication and service to this great country. f 
TRIBUTE TO LOIS AND BILL MATHENY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Lois and Bill Matheny of Des Moines, Iowa, on their 50th wedding anniversary, celebrated on Sep-tember 3, 2016. Lois and Bill’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa val-ues. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them nothing but the very best. 
f 
CELEBRATING 70 YEARS OF FLIGHT RESEARCH AT NASA ARMSTRONG 
HON. STEPHEN KNIGHT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and honor the 70th anniversary of NASA Armstrong Flight Research Center, which was founded on September 30, 1946. In 1946 a group of officials from NASA’s predecessor organization, the NACA, set up an operations base for our nation’s effort in the race to achieve supersonic manned flight. A year later, on October 14, 1947, Air Force Captain Chuck Yeager became the first pilot to break the sound barrier in the experimental Bell X–1 aircraft. This achievement, one of many incredible ‘‘firsts’’ in our history, inaugu-rated a national legacy of excellence in aero-space that defines American power today. More X-planes followed the X–1, each build-ing on our understanding of flight and pro-jecting U.S. power further into air and space. Twenty years after Yeager, my father, Pete Knight, flew the X–15 at Mach 6.7. Even today that flight holds the world record for aircraft speed. What we learned from the X-programs was critical to our journey to the moon and paved the way for the Space Shuttle. Today NASA Armstrong continues to play an important role in the advancement of Amer-ican aeronautics. It is pursuing a new genera-tion of X-planes that will validate technology for faster, cleaner, quieter, and safer air travel over the next ten years. These bold programs are not only an exciting next step for our na-tion’s legacy in aviation pioneering, but a nec-essary one, to renew our technological and competitive edge in aviation for the 21st Cen-tury. I congratulate the men and women of NASA Armstrong on their outstanding achievements over the past 70 years. Their unfailing pursuit of useful knowledge in atmospheric flight and airborne science is essential to the American scientific enterprise, as well as our engage-ment with international science community, the competitiveness of our private sector air and space companies, and our military’s edge over potential adversaries. On behalf of the 25th Congressional District of California, I would again like to thank the NASA Armstrong team for all they do for our country. f 
CELEBRATING KEVIN CLINE AND HIS NATIONAL AWARD FOR EX-CELLENCE IN TEACHING HIS-TORY 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate educator Kevin Cline of Frankton Junior Senior High School, the winner of the 2016 National History Teach-er of the Year Award given by the Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History. It is well-deserved. Kevin teaches United States History, Amer-ican Government, World History, and several AP history courses at Frankton Junior Senior High School located in the town of Frankton in Madison County, Indiana. When asked why he loves teaching history he said ‘‘it’s got the best heroes and the best villains’’. That quote shows the fun he brings to his role. I have been honored to be able to speak with Kevin and his students not only in his classroom but also in the Indiana State House where stu-dents had the opportunity to learn about the law making process at the state level. These students even had the chance to present their bill ideas to state legislators. I have seen first-hand his passion for teaching, history, and his students. Despite the hard work he has put in to achieve this honor, Kevin says that winning this award does not match the privilege he has of getting to work with his students every day. His dedication to his students and his in-novation in the classroom are a gift to his stu-dents and our Hoosier community. Kevin is also an innovator by integrating technology into the classroom. He believes technology is the best way to connect class-room content to individual students. I would like to share one of many examples of him going above and beyond in his job and incor-porating innovation. Kevin worked with Indiana University’s Center on Congress to develop the app ‘‘Freedom Summer.’’ The app teaches students the relationship between the Civil 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.081 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1416 September 29, 2016 
Rights Movement and the passage of civil rights legislation in Congress in a game- based, interactive learning environment. Con-tinuing to innovate and make history relevant to today’s students will ensure our next gen-eration can prepare for our future challenges by learning from the past. Kevin continually engages with my office to educate his stu-dents which inspires his students to become more active citizens of the United States. In 2013, I had the honor of meeting with Kevin in D.C. to congratulate him on his 2012 American Civic Education Teacher Award. I am proud once again to congratulate Kevin on his 2016 National History Teacher of the Year award. On behalf of all Hoosiers, I want to ex-tend a heartfelt thank you to Kevin for his con-tributions to our schools, history education, and most importantly to our students. As the daughter, sister and mom of teachers, I know the difficult, yet rewarding, job he has. The very best teachers have a deep passion for their subject matter, devoting themselves to not only sharing wisdom but igniting enthu-siasm and excitement in their pupils. In a time when there is concern for declining civic en-gagement Kevin Cline is guiding the next gen-eration of Indiana students to be knowledge-able, passionate, and engaged members of their community and the United States. Con-gratulations Kevin, your award is well-de-served. 
f 
HONORING UPROSE ON THEIR 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to UPROSE, a pillar of social justice or-ganizing in New York City and Brooklyn’s old-est Puerto Rican/Latino community based or-ganization. This year, UPROSE will celebrate five decades of fighting for progress and ad-vancing the rights of New York’s working fami-lies and people of color. UPROSE was founded during the civil rights movement and has made significant strides over the last five decades. The organization has helped prevent polluting power plants from being located in lower income neighbor-hoods. It has impacted transportation policy, improving transit options for hardworking Brooklyn communities. The organization has made fighting climate change a centerpiece of its agenda. Indeed, it has sent three young people of color to Antarctica and one to the North Pole on scientific expeditions, to ob-serve these environmental issues firsthand. Likewise, UPROSE has been at the fore-front of ensuring that our local industrial sector continues to blossom, while providing good paying, union jobs for local residents in the community. Centered near Brooklyn’s Sunset Park, UPROSE has always stood for this neighbor-hood’s diversity. With a thriving immigrant population and more affordable housing than many parts of Brooklyn, Sunset Park attracts new waves of working people every year. UPROSE has stood with them for generations, empowering these New Yorkers to improve and strengthen the neighborhood, borough and City that they call home. Mr. Speaker, after five decades UPROSE remains an anchor in our community, fighting for justice and improving our community lo-cally. I would ask all my colleagues to join me on their fifty years of progress and wish them the best for many more years of achievement and success. f 
HONORING THE SAFE COMMU-NITIES AMERICA PROGRAM AND THE INAUGURAL SAFE COMMU-NITIES AMERICA DAY IN DAL-LAS 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the Safe Communities America program and the inau-gural Safe Communities America Day, which will take place in Dallas on October 5th. Safe Communities America is a program of the Na-tional Safety Council which recognizes com-munities that prioritize safety and take delib-erate steps to improve the health and safety of its citizens. I am proud to say that the first Safe Communities Day will be celebrated in Dallas, which was the first U.S. city—and first urban city worldwide—to be accredited as an International Safe Community. In fact, the City of Dallas has proudly retained its accreditation since 1996. The City of Dallas and its local partners have worked tremendously hard to improve the safety and security of our communities in Texas. For over 20 years, the City of Dallas has been implementing Operation Installation, a residential fire safety program. The Injury Prevention Center of Greater Dallas has teamed up with the Dallas Fire Rescue De-partment to go door-to-door, installing smoke alarms at homes in neighborhoods most im-pacted by fire-related deaths, resulting in a 74 percent decrease in fire deaths. Since its in-ception, this partnership has installed more than 30,000 smoke alarms, covering 42,000 residents. More recently, Dallas Safe Communities has implemented PHOTOVOICE, a project that teaches middle school students how to use a camera and photographs to improve pedes-trian safety in the Vickery Meadow area. Stu-dents are getting involved in their communities by taking photographs of broken sidewalks, absent sidewalks, damaged pedestrian signals and share their ‘‘story’’ with city officials to ad-vocate for improved safety. Our neighboring City of Fort Worth has also been an accredited Safe Community since 2013. A variety of services are being offered around the city in order to have a comprehen-sive approach to fall prevention, including free home safety evaluations to seniors via the local fire department, education to first-re-sponders on home safety hazard recognition, Matter of Balance classes, an evidence based-approach to falls prevention, offered to older adults through multiple community part-ners, STEADI (fall screening and intervention) training for local physicians and medication management via pharmacists and Meals on Wheels. With one of the fastest growing elder populations in Texas, the Ft. Worth coalition is committed to keeping older adults injury free. Mr. Speaker, I am proud that the Cities of Dallas and Fort Worth, in conjunction with local organizations, are taking the lead to pro-mote safety within our communities. I would also like to reiterate my support for the Safe Communities America program, which has proven to be a tremendous initiative led by the National Safety Council. This program has helped to create safer environments in our neighborhoods while engaging local citizens and encouraging individuals of all ages to be-come active members of their communities. f 
COMMEMORATING MRS. FRANCISCA MARTINEZ 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Gold Star Mother and Laredoan Mrs. Francisca Martinez. Mrs. Martinez was born September 3, 1911, in Linares, Nuevo Leon, Mexico, to parents Jesus Jasso and Francisca Trevino Jasso. She immigrated to the United States when she was fourteen years old. Her family settled in Laredo, Texas, and she soon became a United States citizen. Mrs. Martinez later met Enrique Martinez who would become her hus-band in 1929. Francisca was a proud mother of eight chil-dren, Estanislado, Guadalupe, Petra, Maria Antonietta, Enrique, Jesus, Antonio, and Maria Aurora. Five of her sons served in the United States Army. Her oldest son, Estanislado Mar-tinez, was wounded in the Korean War and her second eldest, Sgt. First Class Guadalupe Martinez, a Green Beret, was killed in action during the Vietnam War. It is because of her son’s brave service and sacrifice that she be-came a member of the American Gold Star Mothers Organization. Francisca was affectionately called ‘‘Panchita’’ by those close to her, who remem-ber her passion and commitment to serving the community. She instilled a sense of serv-ice and charity in all her children. Francisca spent her life caring for others, continuing to volunteer at the local food bank on a weekly basis even into her later years. Mrs. Martinez is survived by her sons, Jesus and Antonio Martinez; her daughters, Petra Hill and Maria Aurora Gutierrez; numer-ous grandchildren and great-grandchildren; and countless friends. Her legacy will live on in Laredo and she will be remembered for the countless lives that she touched in our com-munity. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize the life of Francisca ‘‘Panchita’’ Martinez. 
f 
IN HONOR OF JACQUELINE A. ELLIS 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today to pay trib-ute to a dedicated public servant and out-standing citizen, Jacqueline A. Ellis. Sadly, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.085 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1417 September 29, 2016 
Jacqui passed away last week. A memorial service will be held on Friday, September 30, 2016 at Reid Temple A.M.E. Church in Glenn Dale, Maryland. The homegoing service will be held on Saturday, October 8, 2016 at Union Missionary Baptist Church in Mobile, Alabama. Jacqueline A. Ellis came into this world on October 22, 1957 in Mobile, Alabama. Grow-ing up during the tumultuous times of the Civil Rights Movement, Jacqui spent her life and career working to advance the interests of Af-rican Americans and women. Jacqui worked on Capitol Hill for nearly three decades, and her list of accomplishments and successes re-flects her dedication to public service and the citizens she served. Jacqui attended Jarvis Christian College from 1976 to 1980. Later on in life, Jacqui was inducted into the Jarvis Christian College’s Pioneers Hall of Fame. This honor highlighted her contributions to the school, and the posi-tive recognition her career and successes brought to Jarvis Christian College. Her con-tributions to generations of students did not end there, however, as she also was a guest lecturer at the Government Affairs Institute at Georgetown University as well as a Co-Chair of the Bethune-DuBois Institute, Inc. Leader-ship Forum. The Bethune-DuBois Institute, named after two prominent African American educators, Mary McLeod Bethune and Dr. W.E.B. DuBois, strives to advance the inter-ests and opportunities of African Americans through education and leadership develop-ment. Jacqui was a former National Board Mem-ber of the Southern Christian Leadership Con-ference (SCLC), a civil rights group founded in response to the Montgomery Bus Boycott of 1955. The SCLC is now a national organiza-tion focused on fighting for human rights around the world. The SCLC honored Jacqui with the Ella Baker Award. Ella Baker was one of the most important leaders in the Civil Rights Movement, as well as a founding mem-ber of the SCLC. In addition, Jacqui was a National Board Member for the National Congress of Black Women; a founding member of the Organiza-tion of African-American Administrative Assist-ants and Chiefs of Staff; Chair of the Legisla-tive Issues and Public Affairs Committee for the Links, Inc.; and Social Action Commis-sioner for Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. Jacqui spent 28 years working on Capitol Hill, where she had a smile or a word of ad-vice for any Member, staffer, or visitor who needed it. On the Hill, she worked for former Congressman Major Owens of New York and former Senator Howell Heflin of Alabama, and she served as the Chief of Staff for Congress-man A
LGREEN of Texas. Having worked in both the U.S. Senate and House of Rep-resentatives, Jacqui was lauded by many past and present elected officials for her institu-tional knowledge and her selfless dedication to public service. In recognition of her altruistic spirit, Jacqui was awarded the Congressional Black Associ-ates’ Robert H. Ogle Trailblazer’s Award for her mentorship and support of African-Amer-ican staffers and Mobile, Alabama’s NAACP Redeemer of the Dream Leadership Award. Throughout her life, Jacqui always dedi-cated herself to causes that made a difference in the lives of others. George Washington Carver once said, ‘‘No individual has any right to come into the world and go out of it without leaving behind distinct and legitimate reasons for having passed through it.’’ We are so grateful that Jacqueline Ellis gave her time and talents to serving on Capitol Hill. She touched the lives of so many in the halls of Congress, including my own. She was a dear friend of longstanding to me and my family. Truly, Capitol Hill shined a little brighter be-cause of Jacqueline Ellis. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me and my wife Vivian in extending our deepest condolences to Jacqueline Ellis’s family, friends, and loved ones during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. f 
TRIBUTE TO ERNIE SMITH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ernie Smith of Red Oak, Iowa, for being named by the Guinness Book of World Records as the oldest active pilot in the world. Ernie has been a licensed pilot since Sep-tember 15, 1942. For the past 74 years, local friends have known that, if you cannot find Ernie nearby, he is probably up in the sky. In January 2016, Red Oak Airport Manager Kevin McGrew and other community leaders nominated him for the distinction of ‘‘oldest ac-tive pilot in the world.’’ Later this spring, they videotaped a flight to authenticate his activity in the air. The official pronouncement from the Oiliness Book of World Records came re-cently, confirming that Ernie Smith, 98, is offi-cially ‘‘the oldest active pilot in the world,’’ soaring beyond the previous record by five years. Ernie told Omaha, Nebraska-based KMTV- TV last December why he likes to fly: ‘‘I say, well, I don’t know how to tell you, but you come out some morning before daylight and go out and watch that sun come up over the horizon and you’ll have your answer.’’ Ernie still flies in a rented plane, usually two times a week. He even braved foggy weather condi-tions to celebrate his 98th birthday in the sky last December. Mr. Speaker, it is because of Iowans like Ernie that I’m proud to represent our great state in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him for this outstanding accomplishment and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE TOWN OF CLARKSTOWN IN ROCKLAND COUNTY, NEW YORK 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Town of Clarkstown in Rockland County, New York, as it celebrates its 225th anniversary year. I am honored to represent this community with its richly diverse popu-lation, beautiful and thriving business districts, lovely homes and lush parks. Clarkstown was created by an act of the New York State Legislature on March 18, 1791, during George Washington’s first term as President. It was part of Orange County and then of Rockland County, which was cre-ated seven years later. At Clarkstown’s founding, the population had less than 2,000 residents. As New York built its early parkways and the Tappan Zee Bridge, the population grew rapidly and con-tinues to grow. According to the United States Census, the town population now stands at more than 87,000. Its 41 square miles encom-pass the hamlets of Bardonia, Central Nyack, Congers, New City, Valley Cottage, West Nyack, Upper Nyack and portions of the Vil-lages of Nyack and Spring Valley. The town, like the county, was settled by farmers, and grew as businesses opened to serve the community. During the 19th century, ice was harvested from the pristine waters of Rockland Lake, now a park, and floated down the Hudson River to barges that would supply New York City. At the same time, local quar-ries provided material for new construction in the city. Today, more than half of working residents are employed within the county. Most of Clarkstown’s commercially zoned land exists along the town’s state roadways, and within the town’s hamlet centers. Residents also work at nearby pharmaceutical and tech com-panies that are moving into the area. Clarkstown’s residents included Jacob Van-derbilt, whose property is now the site of Germonds Park, a recreational facility owned by the town. Other resident families whose holdings remain important to the town include the Cropseys, whose farm dates back to 1893. The family retired and sold the land to Clarkstown in 2006 through Rockland Coun-ty’s Open Space Program. Rockland Farm Al-liance then signed a lease to maintain the land, thus establishing the thriving Cropsey Community Farm. The county and the town have long been a refuge for artists. Adolph Zukor, who was key to the burgeoning motion picture industry, bought property in New City on what is now called Zukor Road. The painter and muralist Henry Varnum Poor, the playwright Maxwell Anderson, and the composer Kurt Weill and his wife, the actor Lotte Lenya, lived on South Mountain Road in New City. While the attrac-tion was the bucolic nature of the county and its considerable distance from New York City, actors and other artists are now attracted not only because the county and its homesteads are beautiful, but because of its proximity to New York City, now a short ride on roadways, trains and bridges. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in saluting the Town of Clarkstown on this special anniversary as its residents celebrate its distinguished past and look ahead to a strong future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.089 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1418 September 29, 2016 
97TH ANNIVERSARY OF AFGHANI-STAN INDEPENDENCE DAY 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as Co- Chair of the Congressional Caucus on Afghan-istan, I rise to congratulate and extend best wishes to the people and Government of Af-ghanistan on the 97th anniversary of their independence. It was 97 years ago, on August 19, 1919, that King Amanullah Khan declared Afghani-stan’s independence from the British Empire. Afghanistan has faced many challenges for almost a century since its independence but through the perseverance and resilience of its people and their leaders, Afghanistan has forged strong relationships with the inter-national community and with its neighbors. In celebrating the 97th anniversary of Af-ghanistan’s National Independence Day, I say to the people of Afghanistan that you have a friend and partner in the United States as you work to build a better future for your children and grandchildren. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. WILLIAM GARTH, SR. 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, Mr. William Garth, Sr. is the Chairman of the Chicago Citizen Newspaper Group Inc., Garthco, Inc. and founder/chairman of the QBG Foundation as well as chairman of the Chatham Business Association. Mr. Garth is the guiding force behind what is known as the largest Black-owned ABC audited newspaper in America. There is no other respected audit better than ABC. Having started with the Chicago Citizen Newspaper in 1969 as an advertising sales representative under the leadership of former Congressman Gus Savage, Garth purchased the Chatham Citizen, Southend Citizen and Chicago Weekend in 1980. He later added the South Suburban and the Hyde Park editions, and founded Garthco Publications, which also published PUSH Magazine, a bi-monthly na-tional publication for the Operation PUSH or-ganization. With Chicago’s population being nearly 50 percent Black, the Chicago Citizen Newspaper has effectively reached this market with its total circulation of 121,000 and weekly readership of over 400,000. The circulation areas cover Chicago’s South and West sides as well as the South Suburbs. As a tribute to his business acumen, Garth became the first Black person to be elected President of the Illinois Press Association (IPA). The IPA is the state’s largest news-paper association and the office trade organi-zation for Illinois’ weekly and daily news-papers. Garth is the second Black person in the nation elected president of a statewide press association. He currently sits on the Board of the Government Affairs Committee, of the Illinois Press Association and has served as a board member for more than 15 years. In addition, he was elected a stock-holder in the Cook County South Suburban Publishers Association and in 2009, was elect-ed to become Chairman of the Cook County Publishers Association for 2010. His business savvy and knowledge in the publishing indus-try allowed him to also serve as a board mem-ber of the Midwest Black Publishers Associa-tion. In December 1998, Garth received the honor of being appointed to Governor-elect George Ryan’s Transition Team and was later appointed to the Board of Directors for the Illi-nois Inauguration 1998, Inc. In 1995, Garth founded the Quentis Bernard Garth Founda-tion, the benevolent arm of the Chicago Cit-izen Newspaper, in memory of his youngest son Quentis B. Garth, and is currently the chairman. The QBG Foundation provides scholarships to disenfranchised, inner city youths in the Chicagoland area. To date, the foundation has helped over 50 students and has disbursed over $1.5 million in scholarship awards. As chairman of the Chatham Business As-sociation, Garth leads the organization in cre-ating opportunities, inroads and programs to benefit and ensure the prosperity, economic strength and excellence of all businesses in the Chatham area and its surrounding commu-nities. A dedicated activist and leader in the busi-ness community, Garth maintains member-ships and positions with several business or-ganizations. He is the former president of the Midwest Region III of the National Newspaper Publishers Association (NNPA), Region III Ad-vertising Representative with the NNPA, Tran-sition Team for IDOT—Dan Ryan Project, board member of the Rainbow/PUSH Coali-tion, a life-time member of the NAACP and a member of the Chatham Lions Club. Garth has been the recipient of numerous local and national awards and honors; one of such hon-ors bestowed upon him was to carry the torch in Chicago during the 2002 Olympic Torch Relay. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, on September 20, 2016, I was away from the Capitol and was unable to vote on any legislative measures on this date. On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, H.R. 670, the Special Needs Trust Fairness and Medicaid Improvement Act, Roll Call Vote Number 521, had I been present I would have voted yes. On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 5785, Roll Call Vote Number 522, had I been present I would have voted yes. On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 5690, the GAO Access and Oversight Act, Roll Call Vote Number 523, had I been present I would have voted yes. COMMITTEE DEPATURE OF CAROLINE LYNCH HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Ranking Member J
OHN CONYERS and myself, I rise in recognition of the Chief Counsel of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security and Investigations, Caroline Lynch, to bid her farewell as she leaves the House Judi-ciary Committee. Effective House staff is indispensable. And such a description is certainly fitting for Caro-line. Every action she takes as Chief Counsel proves her unwavering commitment to con-servative principles and to the rule of law. But after 15 years working on Capitol Hill, Caroline has decided to move back to her home state of Arizona to be close to her fam-ily, and to pursue the next steps in her career. Needless to say, we are very sad to see her go. After graduating from law school at Arizona State University, Caroline came to Wash-ington, D.C., to work for Congressman John Shadegg from Arizona. She served both in his personal office and for him as Chief Counsel of the House Republican Policy Committee. In 2006 Caroline began as a Counsel on the Judiciary Committee’s Crime Subcommittee, and it was quickly apparent that she had found her calling. In 2008 Caroline became Chief Counsel of the Subcommittee. At the Committee, Caroline has had an enormous impact on the reform of our criminal and national security laws. In fact, few people in Washington have done as much to promote the safety of our communities. Caroline has overseen the drafting, negotia-tion, and passage of critical legislation regard-ing the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, and the most sweeping set of reforms to gov-ernment surveillance practices in nearly 40 years—the USA Freedom Act, among many other priority legislative initiatives. Aside from that, she manages a Sub-committee staff that works on some of the most important topics in the country—from oversight of many of the federal law enforce-ment agencies, to issues such as criminal jus-tice reform, child exploitation, cybersecurity, human trafficking and encryption. Anyone who has met Caroline knows she is an immensely intelligent, hardworking, loyal and discerning Chief Counsel. And of course, those people she has negotiated with have found her to be a skillful and formidable but fair advocate. Evidence of her dedication and influence as Chief Counsel can be seen by what some of her colleagues and former bosses have to say about her. Former Judiciary Committee Chairman L
AMAR SMITH says, ‘‘Caroline is a good person and a very knowledgeable attorney. As chief counsel of the Crime Subcommittee, she has been a dedicated, conscientious, and hard- working public servant. She has had a major influence on crime legislation and on keeping Americans safe and secure. Her wonderful at-titude, legal expertise, and commitment to good government will be missed greatly.’’ Judiciary Committee Chief of Staff and Gen-eral Counsel Shelley Husband says, ‘‘When I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.092 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1419 September 29, 2016 
first met Caroline, I was immediately struck by her intelligence, unparalleled grasp of criminal law, leadership ability and confidence, all at-tributes that I admire. Since that time, I have come to know Caroline’s other virtues. In addi-tion to being a brilliant lawyer, Caroline is im-mensely loyal, compassionate, honest and fair. And for that, she has earned my respect and affection. I am grateful every day that we are on the same side and if I’m going to be in the trenches on any issue, I want Caroline Lynch beside me.’’ And Deputy Chief of Staff and Chief Coun-sel Branden Ritchie says, ‘‘Caroline’s exper-tise in criminal and national security laws and her ability to achieve legislative victories are apparent to all who work with her. She is also—without question—a natural leader. But what I have come to admire and respect most about Caroline is that she truly cares for and nurtures those she leads, she is loyal to those she serves, and she is a truth teller who is dedicated to doing what is right.’’ Former Judiciary Committee Staff Director Joseph Gibson says, ‘‘Caroline is an out-standing lawyer who knows her stuff and works tirelessly to get the policy right. She will be greatly missed.’’ And another Former Judiciary Committee Staff Director Richard Hertling says, ‘‘Few staffers are indispensable and irreplaceable, but Caroline comes as close as any I know. She reflects the very best among us. She knows both the law and the facts, and she takes the time to understand the real-world ef-fects of everything she does. The country is better off for her service.’’ George Fishman, Chief Counsel of the Sub-committee on Immigration and Border Secu-rity, says ‘‘Caroline cares so much about the job she is doing—keeping the American peo-ple safe and preserving our Constitutional lib-erties. Through her tireless work, Caroline’s imprint is all over our nation’s criminal stat-utes. She is the quintessential congressional staffer—dedicated, caring, knowledgeable, a fierce advocate for her Member or Committee and yet respected by all.’’ And Paul Taylor, Chief Counsel of the Sub-committee on Constitution and Civil Justice says, ‘‘Caroline is so dynamic, I’ve often thought there was both a Crime Subcommittee and a Caroline Subcommittee.’’ Daniel Flores, Chief Counsel of the Regu-latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law Subcommittee says, ‘‘Caroline created a brighter world for all of her colleagues on Committee, and a safer world for all Ameri-cans.’’ And Joe Keeley, Chief Counsel of the Sub-committee on Courts Intellectual Property and the Internet, says ‘‘The Judiciary Committee needs staff who understand the big picture and have an attention to detail while balancing numerous interests and priorities. Since Caro-line so exceeded these requirements, her de-parture will leave very big shoes to fill. She will be missed by all.’’ Andrea Loving, Deputy Chief Counsel of the Immigration Subcommittee, says, ‘‘Caroline’s vast knowledge of criminal and national secu-rity law and policy commands a respect like none other I have seen on Capitol Hill. Her departure is truly a loss for America.’’ Even Caroline’s colleagues on the other side of the aisle recognize her expertise and are sad to see her leave Capitol Hill. Perry Apelbaum, the Committee’s Minority Staff Director and Chief Counsel says, ‘‘I and our staff have very much enjoyed working with Caroline over the years. She has always been a great partner in accomplishing important work for our country. We will miss her and wish her the best.’’ Bobby Vassar, former Democrat Chief Counsel of the Crime Subcommittee says ‘‘As a Chief Counsel for almost 20 years, I had the opportunity to work with several Republican Chief Crime Counsels. Caroline was the best ‘enemy’ I ever had. We often had diametrically opposed views to represent on some of the most controversial and contentious issues in the Congress, but were able to do so in a spir-it of mutual respect that allowed us to dis-agree, vehemently at times, without being dis-agreeable.’’ And Minority Oversight Counsel Aaron Hiller says, ‘‘In any project that involves protecting the country, its people, or the prerogatives of this Committee, there is no one—and I mean no one—whom I would rather have on my team than Caroline Lynch. We will miss her very much.’’ Joe Graupensperger, Minority Chief Counsel for Crime and Criminal Justice, says, ‘‘The Crime staff on both sides of the aisle have worked together closely over the years to achieve many bipartisan successes, and Caro-line was critical to each one of them. We have appreciated Caroline’s openness and collegiality with her Democratic counterparts. She is a great lawyer, a strong advocate for making our nation safer, and will always be a valued friend.’’ Of course, Caroline’s team at the Sub-committee know her to be a determined leader and a steadfast friend. Bobby Parmiter says, ‘‘Caroline is the defini-tion of a ‘foxhole’ person—exceptionally tal-ented, dedicated, and tough. It is no exag-geration to say the American people are safer today than they would be had she not been doing this job over the past decade.’’ Chris Grieco says, ‘‘A tireless and dogged lawyer who has undoubtedly made the country a safer and more secure place because of her unparalleled knowledge of law enforcement and national security issues and her unwaver-ing commitment to getting it right regardless of politics.’’ Ryan Breitenbach says, ‘‘Caroline is a dedi-cated public servant and Hill survivor, and one of the best bosses anyone can ask for. She is smart and nice, which in my opinion is the hopeful combination of any leader. Her love of her family draws her home, but not before she had given all she could to crafting our coun-try’s criminal and national security laws.’’ And Jason Cervenak says, ‘‘I met Caroline on her very first day working on the Judiciary Committee. In walked this petite red head with a smile from ear to ear and an infectious laugh. I immediately thought ‘she’s going to get eaten alive.’ Well, I think we all know I couldn’t have been more wrong.’’ We have appreciated Caroline’s deep knowledge of criminal laws, the strength of her convictions, and her courage to speak the truth in a place where it is rarely convenient to do so. We will miss Caroline immensely. We wish her well in her new endeavors and we thank her for her years of dedicated service to this Committee, the U.S. House of Representa-tives, and the American people. HONORING LAUREL CALL 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Laurel Call for her service as a member of the Congressional Award Board of Directors. The United States Congress established the Congressional Award in 1979 to recognize ini-tiative, achievement, and service in young people. It began as a bipartisan effort in both the United States Senate and the House of Representatives. The original bill was spon-sored by the late Senator Malcolm Wallop of Wyoming and the late Congressman James Howard of New Jersey. Originally signed into law by President Jimmy Carter, the legislation (Public Law 96–114) established the Congres-sional Award as a public-private partnership, which receives all funding from the private sector. Every president since, both Democratic and Republican, have signed legislation to continue the program. The Congressional Award Board of Direc-tors is comprised of 48 members and supports the work of the foundation by providing mis-sion-based leadership and strategic govern-ance. Every member of the Board serves as a volunteer to help make the program a na-tional opportunity available in every congres-sional district. During this past year, over 40,000 partici-pants from all 50 states were actively working toward earning a Congressional Award and 5,000 new participants enrolled in the pro-gram. Since its inception, over 7 million hours of service have been contributed to commu-nities nationwide. The example set by Laurel is one we all should strive for. Her willingness to serve her community and our nation’s young people sets her apart as an outstanding individual, and I have been honored to serve alongside of her as Leader P
ELOSI ’s congressional appointee to the Board. I ask that all of my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in thanking Laurel for her service and wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN MEMORIAM—HON. CAROLYN S. ALLEN, 1937–2016 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Arizona State Senator Carolyn Allen. Carolyn was born in Missouri but quickly grew to love Arizona in the warmer winter months with her husband, Jack. Carolyn became active in our community and was soon serving on local boards and commissions in the arts and in politics. Prior to her first election to the AZ House of Representatives in 1994, she was Develop-ment Director of the Frank Lloyd Wright Foun-dation and the Scottsdale Cultural Council. She served as Executive Director (and later President of the Board) of the Scottsdale Arts Center Association. While serving 8 years in the AZ House, she was House Majority Leader as well as Chair-man of the Health Committee and sponsored 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.095 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1420 September 29, 2016 
major legislation in mental health care, air quality and civil rights issues. She was later elected to the Arizona State Senate and there too, she chaired multiple committees. She often said she was most proud of passing leg-islation protecting the McDowell Mountain Pre-serve and her courageous ‘‘no’’ vote on con-troversial immigration legislation in 2010. I had the honor of serving with Carolyn in the Legislature and I always admired her te-nacity, honesty and integrity. She was the kind of public servant I aspire to be. While serving in the Legislature, she also served numerous community organizations through board membership and volunteerism. There are too many to list them all, but Carolyn’s passions benefitted medical re-search, women’s health, environmental con-servation, and prison reform. Carolyn lived a brightly colored and produc-tive life and gave so much to her community through thousands of volunteer hours for causes she championed. Despite suffering from crippling rheumatoid arthritis for more than 40 years, she soldiered on without com-plaint and set the bar very high for those who will follow. Her many friends will not forget her vibrant personality and determination. I miss my friend Carolyn Allen, but I am grateful that we were friends. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE 2016 VAN METER HIGH SCHOOL SOFTBALL TEAM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Van Meter High School Softball team for winning the Iowa Girls State Class 2A Softball Tour-nament on July 22, 2016. I would like to congratulate each member of the Van Meter High School Softball team: Players: Trinity Bottenfield, Bre Parkins, Meagan Blomgren, Dion Shirley, Clair Lauterbach, Olivia Prouty, Julia Rhoades, Shelby Tipling, Gwen Boston, Haley Forret, Abby Archer, Bailey Richards, Anna Tipling, Casey Jamison, Emma Durflinger, Lizzy Lyon, Hannah Mason, Paige Wyant, Bailey Harding, and Mackenzie Blomgren, and Coaches: James Flaws, Josh Flaws, and Hillary Pennington. Mr. Speaker, the example set by these stu-dents and their coaches demonstrates the re-wards of hard work, dedication, and persever-ance. I am honored to represent them in the United States Congress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating the en-tire team for competing in this rigorous com-petition and in wishing them all nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN HONOR OF LYDIA DE LA VIN˜A DE FOLEY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my personal congratulations and best wishes to a great friend and outstanding citizen, Mrs. Lydia de La Vin˜a de Foley. Lydia has served The Con-gressional Club for over four decades. She will be retiring on September 30, 2016. Born and raised in La Paz, Bolivia, Lydia came to the United States as a student at Georgetown University in 1964. In 1967, she married John R. Foley III, whose father, John R. Foley II, had served the Sixth District of Maryland in the 86th Congress. As daughter- in-law of a former Member of Congress, Lydia became a member of The Congressional Club, and more recently a Lifetime Member. In 1992, she became a U.S. citizen. The Congressional Club was founded in 1908 as a Federally-chartered club for spouses of sitting or former Members of Con-gress, Supreme Court Justices, and Members of the President’s Cabinet. Associate member-ship is open to active members’ adult children or spouses of adult children. Mrs. Foley has been an integral part of the bipartisan Club for over one-third of its existence. Mrs. Foley’s first project at the Club was il-lustrating its Bicentennial Cookbook in 1975. She performed secretarial duties part-time and by 1977 became the full-time Secretary to the Club President. After many years, as her re-sponsibilities expanded, Mrs. Foley was pro-moted to Administrative Assistant to the Club President and in 2010, she became the Exec-utive Director of the Congressional Club, a po-sition that reflected her assumption of a dual role as Clubhouse Manager. Club Presidents serve for two years, alter-nating between Democratic and Republican Members. Mrs. Foley has served 20 of them. My wife, Vivian Creighton Bishop, served as President of the Congressional Club from 2007 to 2008 and was Chair of the First Lady’s Luncheon in honor of First Lady Michelle Obama on May 12, 2016. In addition to the many demands of running the Club and the Clubhouse day in and day out, Mrs. Foley has played a vital role organizing the annual First Lady’s Luncheon, as well as Diplomatic Luncheons, Chili Cook-offs, weekly Club luncheon programs, and other events too nu-merous to mention. A familiar face at the Club, Mrs. Foley has been lauded by Members of Congress and their spouses as well as Presidents and First Ladies for her institutional knowledge, atten-tion to detail, and welcoming nature. We are all so grateful that Mrs. Foley has given her time and talents to making The Congressional Club a place where the spouses of Members of Congress from both sides of the aisle, and their families, can gather to offer support and enjoy each other’s company. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in extending our sincerest appreciation and best wishes to Lydia de La Vin˜a de Foley upon the occasion of her retirement from a ca-reer spanning forty-one years at the Congres-sional Club. f 
HONORING THE HEROIC ACTIONS OF MICHELE COATES 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my constituent Michele Coates of Loudoun County, Virginia, for her heroic ac-tions on September 23rd, 2016. Michele has been driving school buses in Loudoun County for the past 14 years and recently dem-onstrated her commitment to the safety of her students. During her usual route to Harmony Middle School in Hamilton, Virginia, Michele was con-fronted by a situation she never thought she would have to face. While driving on Berlin Turnpike, Michele and her students noticed an unusual odor circulating the bus cabin. After safely pulling the bus over to the side of the road, Michele put the lives of her students above that of her own and ensured that all 32 students evacuated the bus safely. When emergency personnel arrived at the scene, they immediately determined that the bus was suffering from a smoke and gas leak. It was at this point that Michele realized that she did not feel well and was subsequently taken to the emergency room at Cornwall Inova for smoke inhalation. Even while she was in the ambulance, Michele’s main concern was the safety of her students. In all, seven-teen students were taken to Cornwall Inova to receive treatment for their exposure to the toxic fumes. Had Michele not been so quick thinking and selfless, that day could have ended much worse. Mr. Speaker, Michele Coates does not ask for recognition. She claims that her actions were not heroic, rather her duty. This is why I ask that my colleagues join me in thanking Michele for her actions, which without a doubt saved the lives of those 32 schoolchildren on that bus. I applaud her for her willingness to endanger herself in order to protect her stu-dents. I wish her all the best in her recovery, as well as her future endeavors. f 
TRIBUTE TO CASS COUNTY, INDIANA 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and salute Cass County, Indiana, as the Indiana Bicentennial Torch is scheduled to pass through the county on Friday, October 7, 2016. The county lies in the northeastern part of Indiana’s Fourth Congressional District. Cass County was established in 1838, and it was named for General Lewis Cass, the 2nd Terri-torial Governor of Michigan. Home to the Wa-bash River, for many years Cass County was a canal town. In 1855, however, the first loco-motive made its way through the county seat of Logansport creating a permanent relation-ship between the town and trains. By the 1920s, over 225 trains passed through the county each day, and over 3,000 persons in the area were employed by the railroad. In this year of the Hoosier Bicentennial, communities throughout the state are cele-brating Indiana’s past and present through Bi-centennial Legacy Projects. These projects are culturally inclusive, celebratory, engaging and inspiring to youth and young adults and create a legacy for the future. The organiza-tions responsible for the Legacy Projects throughout the county include the Logansport Children’s Choir, Logan’s Landing, Civic Play-ers of Logansport, Logansport Rose Society, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.097 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1421 September 29, 2016 
Cass County Arts Alliance, State Theatre Preservation Society Corporation, Cass Coun-ty 4–H Association, Cass County Historical Society, William Pace Lodge, Cass County Dentzel Carousel, and the Trinity Episcopal Church. Hoosiers look forward to their endur-ing contribution to our state’s legacy. And on this day, Mr. Speaker, in the year in which we are celebrating Indiana’s 200th birth-day, I am proud to recognize Cass County for the contribution of its residents to the past, present and future of Indiana’s history. 
f 
WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 27, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5303) to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the con-servation and development of water and re-lated resources, and for other purposes: 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair, I am proud today to vote for the bipartisan Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) of 2016, which reauthorizes water infrastructure projects nationwide. I am heartened that after several months of inaction, Republican leaders included aid in this bill to the citizens of Flint, Michigan, who have been afflicted by dev-astating environmental health risks. As an Angelena, I am also pleased that this WRDA authorizes an equal cost-share be-tween the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the City of Los Angeles for the Los Angeles River Ecosystem Restoration project. I fought alongside my colleagues Congressman X
A-
VIER BECERRA and Congressman A DAM SCHIFF  to include this cost-share agreement in the final bill. With this cost-share, the city and the Corps become true partners in the LA River revitalization project to restore park space and wetlands, build new public spaces, create rec-reational opportunities, improve public health, strengthen the regional economy, and bolster civic pride. This WRDA is an important step in our efforts to make Los Angeles a greener and more vibrant place to live. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 30TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE RESTON HOSPITAL CENTER 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor the 30th anniversary of the Reston Hospital Center. Established in 1986, the Res-ton Hospital Center has worked tirelessly to provide outstanding medical care to patients throughout the Commonwealth of Virginia. The hard work done by the men and women of Reston Hospital Center has helped to make high quality healthcare available to many of my constituents and ensure the good health of communities in both Loudoun and Fairfax counties. The Center’s commitment to the community can be seen through their health screenings, blood drives, education programs, wellness events, and their financial assistance to thousands of people who struggle with their medical bills. Their close collaboration with the constituents of Virginia’s 10th Congressional District is crucial to keeping our community healthy and strong. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join in recognizing the 30th anniversary of the Reston Hospital Center and thanking them for the hard work they do to help keep the men and women of the region safe and healthy. I know Reston Hospital Center will continue to pro-vide excellent healthcare, and I wish them all the best. f 
TRIBUTE TO BENTON COUNTY, INDIANA 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and salute Benton County, Indiana, as the Indiana Bicentennial Torch is scheduled to pass through the county on Tuesday, Octo-ber 11, 2016. The county sits on the northwest part of In-diana’s Fourth Congressional District, and Fowler serves as the county seat. Benton County was established on February 18, 1840, and named for Thomas A. Benton, a U.S. Senator from Missouri. Though the land is fer-tile and agriculture is vital to the county eco-nomically, Benton County is also known for housing one of the largest windfarms in the United States. Its most famous resident may be Dan Patch, a Hoosier born horse legend who has held the title of ‘‘World’s Champion Harness Horse’’ for over one-hundred years. In this year of the Hoosier Bicentennial, communities throughout the state are cele-brating Indiana’s past and present through Bi-centennial Legacy Projects. These projects are culturally inclusive, celebratory, engaging and inspiring to youth and young adults and create a legacy for the future. The organiza-tions responsible for the Legacy Projects throughout the county include the Benton County Economic Development Department, Otterbein Public Library, Benton County’s Bi-centennial Committee, Benton Central Junior- Senior High School, Benton County Public Li-brary, DNR Division of Fish & Wildlife, and the Benton County 4–H Council. Hoosiers look forward to their enduring contribution to our state’s legacy. And on this day, Mr. Speaker, in the year in which we are celebrating Indiana’s 200th birth-day, I am proud to recognize Benton County for the contribution of its residents to the past, present and future of Indiana’s history. 
f 
TOM BERTOLINO 
HON. DOUG LaMALFA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine who was recently awarded one of the highest honors in his in-dustry. Tom Bertolino, vice president of NorCal Kenworth, a multistore commercial truck deal-er in Anderson, California which is located in my Congressional district, was named the 2016 Truck Dealer of the Year by the Amer-ican Truck Dealers (ATD), Heavy Duty Truck-ing magazine and Procede Software. Mr. Bertolino received this highest honor out of a select group of commercial truck dealers from around the country during the 53rd an-nual ATD Convention & Expo in Las Vegas in April. All of the nominees were selected by state, metro and national truck dealer associa-tion leaders. A panel of professors from Indi-ana University’s Kelley School of Business analyzed the nominees’ dealership perform-ances, industry leadership and civic contribu-tions and made their final selection. Mr. Bertolino entered the dealer industry seventeen years ago when he left Kenworth Truck Company to pursue a dream to own a Kenworth dealership in Northern California. Tom and his business partner Mr. Harry Mamizuka have grown NorCal Kenworth into four locations—Anderson, San Leandro, Mor-gan Hill and Sacramento. As the largest Ken-worth dealer organization in Northern Cali-fornia, NorCal Kenworth employs nearly 200 people and carries an extensive inventory of new and used trucks that feature the latest en-gineering and technological advancements. NorCal PacLease includes full-service lease, finance lease, contract maintenance, and short and long term truck rentals. In his capacity as the 2016 Truck Dealer of the Year, Mr. Bertolino will serve as an Hon-orary Member of the ATD Board of Line Rep-resentatives and will serve as a national spokesman on industry issues impacting com-mercial truck dealers. On behalf of all of my colleagues in the California Congressional delegation, please allow me to congratulate Tom Bertolino from NorCal Kenworth on this distinguished award as the 2016 Truck Dealer of the Year. This award demonstrates that Tom and his team are a proven example of the best in the truck retail industry and are providing exceptional service to my constituents. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SERGEANT TIM BRISTOL OF THE BERRYVILLE POLICE DEPART-MENT 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the achievements of one of the 10th Congressional District’s bravest constitu-ents, Sergeant Tim Bristol of the Berryville Po-lice Department. This law enforcement offi-cer’s unwavering courage and dedication to protecting the community is a noble example of public service. Sergeant Bristol deserves the thanks of not only the communities in which he serves, but also that of his elected officials. Sergeant Bristol began working for the Berryville police department in December of 2007. He previously worked for the Glasford Police Department in Illinois. Tim is the ser-geant for the department as well as a field 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.101 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1422 September 29, 2016 
training officer, general instructor, and speed measurement instructor. As the sergeant, Tim routinely makes sure that the department is running efficiently and that all officers are current on their required training. Maintaining and reviewing training records for compliance is a huge task in and of itself, yet Tim still finds the time to accom-plish so much more and plans for the future of the department. Tim is a well-respected super-visor, promotes a professional image of the department, and is a confident leader. During the past year Tim has spent count-less hours in his role as a field training officer preparing new recruits and experienced offi-cers new to the department for patrol in the community of Berryville. He takes this respon-sibility seriously and always looks for ways to improve the way training is delivered to those new to the career or department. Tim is the right-hand man of the Chief of Police who could not ask for a better person to fill that role. It is abundantly clear to the Chief that Tim is wholly invested in making the Berryville Police Department an example of professionalism and dedication to community service. The Chief often wonders if his mind is ever focused on anything else aside from moving the department forward, which is a testament to his loyalty and dedication. He is truly a deserving recipient and a stellar exam-ple of a professional law enforcement officer. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Sergeant Tim Bristol of the Berryville Police Department for protecting and serving the community day-in and day- out. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CLINTON COUNTY, INDIANA 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and salute Clinton County, Indiana as the Indiana Bicentennial Torch is scheduled to pass through the county on October 6, 2016. The County sits on the eastern part of Indi-ana’s Fourth Congressional District. It was es-tablished in 1830 and named for DeWitt Clin-ton, the seventh Governor of New York State and architect of the Erie Canal. The county seat is located in Frankfort, famous for the Frankfort Hot Dog Festival. Clinton County is the birthplace of Lieutenant General James F. Record, he was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross three times for his gallantry dur-ing the Vietnam War. In this year of the Hoosier Bicentennial, communities throughout the state are cele-brating Indiana past and present through Bi-centennial Legacy Projects. These projects are culturally inclusive, celebratory, engaging, and inspiring to youth and young adults and create a legacy for the future. The organiza-tions responsible for the Legacy Projects throughout the county are: Clinton County Chamber of Commerce and Frankfort Main Street. Hoosiers look forward to their enduring contribution to our state’s legacy. And on this day, Mr. Speaker, in the year in which we are celebrating Indiana’s 200th birth-day, I am proud to recognize Clinton County for the contribution of its residents to the past, present, and future of Indiana’s history. f 
COMMEMORATING NICHOLE FOLKMAN, FINALIST OF THE IL-LINOIS STATE BOARD OF EDU-CATION 2017 TEACHER OF THE YEAR AWARD 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to honor Nichole Folkman, a 2017 Illinois State Board of Education Teacher of the Year finalist. Mrs. Folkman teaches English at Hartsburg- Emden Community Unit School District 21 in Hartsburg, Illinois. Having taught high- schoolers for over a decade, Mrs. Folkman’s passion for teaching, her students, and their success, makes her a most deserving top ten finalist out of a field of 250 nominees. As a high school student, Mrs. Folkman rec-ognized her desire to teach. Upon graduating from Milliken University, she began her career as an English teacher, focusing on how to ef-fectively educate her students in the intricacies of the English language, journalism, and speech. Her approach in the classroom con-tinues to engage and excite her students about the values of education within the lan-guage arts. Most importantly, because of Mrs. Folkman’s ability to connect and inspire pupils within the classroom, Hartsburg-Emden stu-dents consistently look to her as a role model as they focus on their own futures. It is an honor to represent teachers like Mrs. Folkman, who passionately invest their time teaching the children of our schools. Her de-votion to teaching has positively impacted not only her students, but also her colleagues and our community. I wish her the best of luck at the Those Who Excel banquet on October 22nd, where the highest teaching award in the state, the Illinois Teacher of the Year, will be presented. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DEPUTY MATT WATSON OF THE WIN-CHESTER CITY SHERIFF’S OF-FICE 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the achievements of one of the 10th Congressional District’s bravest constitu-ents, Deputy Matt Watson of the Winchester City Sheriff’s Office. This law enforcement offi-cer’s unwavering courage and dedication to protecting the community is a noble example of public service. Deputy Watson deserves the thanks of not only the communities in which he serves, but also that of his elected officials. Deputy Watson has been an auxiliary dep-uty with the Winchester City Sheriff’s Office for two years. Although this is a relatively short time in his 16 year career, Deputy Watson has contributed an abundance of knowledge and talent to the office. Deputy Watson has excelled in tactical train-ing and has started his own business, tactical operations consulting (TOC). Deputy Watson has been instructing law enforcement, military and state department employees prior to their deployment into hostile areas in the world. Even though Matt Watson keeps a very busy schedule, he has continued to volunteer his time here at the city sheriff’s office. Deputy Watson approached the Sheriff about taking the existing emergency response team imple-mented there to provide knowledge and train-ing to help create the first ever Special Re-sponse Team (SRT) in the city sheriff’s office. The team is a part-time law enforcement spe-cial operations team that is designed to re-spond in a tactical manner to incidents in sup-port of, or outside the capabilities of, the Win-chester City Sheriff’s Office. Deputy Watson not only provides training for the SRT but for the entire staff. Being able to have someone like Matt who is certified as a tactical medic, defensive tactics and firearm instructor as part of this team is greatly bene-ficial. Again, I would like to point out that this is all on a volunteer basis. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Deputy Matt Watson of the Winchester City Sheriff’s Office for pro-tecting and serving the community day-in and day-out. f 
TRIBUTE TO WHITE COUNTY, INDIANA 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and salute White County, Indiana as the Indiana Bicentennial Torch is scheduled to pass through the county on October 7, 2016. The County sits on the northern part of Indi-ana’s Fourth Congressional District. It was es-tablished in 1834 and named for Isaac White of Equality, Illinois who died at the Battle of Tippecanoe in 1811. The county seat is lo-cated in Monticello, and is known as a tourist destination because it is home to the Indiana Beach amusement park and Lakes Shafer and Freeman. In this year of the Hoosier Bicentennial, communities throughout the state are cele-brating Indiana past and present through Bi-centennial Legacy Projects. These projects are culturally inclusive, celebratory, engaging, and inspiring to youth and young adults and create a legacy for the future. The organiza-tions responsible for the 16 Legacy Projects throughout the county are: City of Monticello, Wolcott Community Summer Festival Com-mittee, White County Historical Society, Tom Fletcher, White County Commissioners. Hoo-siers look forward to their enduring contribu-tion to our state’s legacy. And on this day, Mr. Speaker, in the year in which we are celebrating Indiana’s 200th birth-day, I am proud to recognize White County for the contribution of its residents to the past, present, and future of Indiana’s history. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.106 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1423 September 29, 2016 
COMBATING ANTI-SEMITISM AND THE BDS MOVEMENT 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the troubling rise of anti- Semitism and to call for action against the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement—a hateful weapon intended to delegitimize Israel and the Jewish community. According to Pew Research Center, in-stances of anti-Semitism are at a 7-year high. It is getting worse everywhere, particularly in the Middle East, but also in Europe and even in the United States. That’s why I’ve cosponsored the Combating BDS Act of 2016 (H.R. 4514). This legislation clarifies that state and local governments have the authority to pass and enforce laws that prohibit public funding to institutions that en-gage in the odious BDS campaign, the pur-pose of which is to apply double standards that delegitimize and demonize Israel. Thankfully, many states have responded to the BDS campaign by enacting legislation that denies public support to any organization en-gaged in the campaign—just last month my home state of New Jersey became the 11th state to enact such a law. The boycott campaign against Israel is a complete discredit to its organizers—the gov-ernment of Israel has by far the best record for human rights, democracy, rule of law, and general humanity toward both its own citizens and its neighbors’ citizens, including the Pal-estinians—of any country in the Middle East. This despite the fact that some of its neigh-boring governments support or harbor terror-ists whose goal is the genocidal annihilation of Israel. Congress must not only commend Israel’s record, and applaud those state and local gov-ernments that seek to withdraw public funding from the BDS campaign, we must also support and sustain the state and local initiatives. Combating BDS Act does exactly that. I en-courage my colleagues to support it and also encourage my colleagues to read the Simon Wiesenthal Center’s report, ‘‘Boycott, Divest-ment, Sanctions Against Israel: An Anti-Se-mitic, Anti-Peace Poison Pill,’’ which details the disgusting anti-Semitic record of the BDS movement, particularly making use of Natan Sharansky’s ‘‘3Ds test for anti-Semitism. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SERGEANT JASON M. HOUGH OF THE CLARKE COUNTY SHERIFF’S OF-FICE 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the achievements of one of the 10th Congressional District’s bravest constitu-ents, Sergeant Jason M. Hough of the Clarke County Sheriff’s Office. This law enforcement officer’s unwavering courage and dedication to protecting the community is a noble example of public service. Sergeant Hough deserves the thanks of not only the communities in which he serves, but also that of his elected officials. Sergeant Hough joined the Clarke County Sheriff’s Office in June 2012. As a field dep-uty, he was always a top producer in the of-fice. In June 2015 Jason assumed supervisory duties when he was promoted to sergeant. He has accepted the additional responsibilities and responded well to the additional duties. On March 4, 2016, Sergeant Jason M. Hough responded to a house in the town of Berryville for a report of a possible overdose. When Sergeant Hough arrived on the scene, he found an unconscious male lying on a bed. Jason checked to see if the male was breath-ing and if he had a pulse. He discovered that although the male had a good pulse, he was not breathing. Sergeant Hough began to per-form mouth to mouth resuscitation. Medics ar-rived shortly thereafter and provided Sergeant Hough with a bag valve mask so he could continue to provide respirations to the victim. The victim did breathe on his own several times, but quit after a few breaths. According to witnesses on the scene, the victim had overdosed on heroin. The medics administered three rounds of Narcan though an IV. The victim regained consciousness and became very aggressive, screaming over and over. Sergeant Hough had to restrain the victim so that he could con-tinue to receive medical care. The victim was taken to the ambulance. The victim had calmed down by this time, which allowed Ser-geant Hough to tell him what had happened and that he was being taken to the hospital for overdosing. Without the actions of Sergeant Hough, the victim could have died. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Sergeant Jason M. Hough of the Clarke County Sheriff’s Office for protecting and serving the community day-in and day-out. f 
TRIBUTE TO CARROLL COUNTY, INDIANA 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and salute Carroll County, Indiana as the Indiana Bicentennial Torch is scheduled to pass through the county on October 6, 2016. The County sits on the eastern part of Indi-ana’s Fourth Congressional District. It was es-tablished in 1828 and named for Charles Car-roll, who was the last surviving signer of the Declaration of Independence. The county seat is located in Delphi, home of the Wabash and Erie Canal. Built through the county in 1840 and operating until the early 1870s the Wa-bash and Erie Canal is among the county’s most significant historical legacies. In this year of the Hoosier Bicentennial, communities throughout the state are cele-brating Indiana past and present through Bi-centennial Legacy Projects. These projects are culturally inclusive, celebratory, engaging, and inspiring to youth and young adults and create a legacy for the future. The organiza-tions responsible for the 32 Legacy Projects throughout the county are: Flora Depot Com-mittee (Flora Community Club/Flora Main Street), Delphi Public Library, Flora-Monroe Township Public Library, Camden-Jackson Township Public Library, Town of Flora, Heart-land Heritage, Inc., Carroll County Historical Society, Carroll County Museum, William Henry Harrison Sons of the American Revolu-tion, Town of Camden, Promoting Wildcat Val-ley, Camden Women’s Literary Club, Flora Mainstreet, Carroll County Veteran’s Remem-brance, VFW, Carroll County Wabash at Erie Canal, Inc., University of Indianapolis; Depart-ment of Anthropology, Delphi Opera House, Inc, Burlington American Legion Post 414, Wabash and Erie Canal Association Canal Park, Carroll County Wabash and Erie Canal and Old Settlers Association. Hoosiers look forward to their enduring contribution to our state’s legacy. And on this day, Mr. Speaker, in the year in which we are celebrating Indiana’s 200th birth-day, I am proud to recognize Carroll County for the contribution of its residents to the past, present, and future of Indiana’s history. f 
COMMEMORATING THE 150TH ANNI-VERSARY OF FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH, WELDON, NORTH CARO-LINA 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 150th anniversary of First Baptist Church, located in my congres-sional district in Weldon, North Carolina. First Baptist Church takes pride in being one of the first Black Baptist churches in North Carolina. Founded in 1866, a year after the U.S. Congress passed the 13th Amendment to abolish slavery, Reverend Joseph Baysmore and several faith leaders devoted to spreading the word of God organized the Church. In the Church’s early days, Reverend Baysmore and his small congregation gathered to worship under a bush arbor, which was later replaced by a wooden structure lacking ceilings and heat. Mr. Speaker, much of First Baptist Church’s growth over the years can be attributed to its dedicated leadership and congregation. In 1909, the Church moved into its current site under the leadership of Reverend John W. Faulk, Sr. During this time, the Church went from offering only second and fourth Sunday service to offering services every Sunday. Even early on, the Church was active in civic engagement and served as the first meeting site for the Halifax County Chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) in the early 1940s. In the 1990s, the Church added a radio ministry to broadcast the Sunday morn-ing worship on the local radio station. Since 2002, First Baptist Church has been pastored by Reverend Quientrell L. Burrell, II. Under Rev. Burrell’s leadership, the Church continues to prosper and serve its community. First Baptist Church has expanded its service to the community through health seminars, single parent clinics, and healthy relationship sessions. Today, First Baptist Church remains a pillar of the Weldon community and in the state of North Carolina. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.111 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1424 September 29, 2016 
With the theme ‘‘Rooted in Faith, Racing Toward the Future,’’ this 150th anniversary ob-serves the labor and sacrifices made over 150 years as well as the Church’s promise for the future. Through its outstanding leadership and a devoted congregation, I am confident that First Baptist will continue to withstand the test of time for generations to come. By the grace of God, First Baptist Church has survived the test of time with its strong faith and belief and it is still going strong today. Over the years, the Church has real-ized many notable accomplishments including significant growth in membership and ministry and continued outreach in the community. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the rich legacy of First Baptist Church in Weldon, North Carolina and I ask that my colleagues join me in con-gratulating Rev. Burrell, the congregation, and the residents of Weldon on this historic mile-stone. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF OFFICER AN-DREW SPECKSGOOR OF THE WIN-CHESTER POLICE DEPARTMENT 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the achievements of one of the 10th Congressional District’s bravest constitu-ents, Officer Andrew Specksgoor of the Win-chester Police Department. This law enforce-ment officer’s unwavering courage and dedica-tion to protecting the community is a noble ex-ample of public service. Officer Specksgoor deserves the thanks of not only the commu-nities in which he serves, but also that of his elected officials. Officer Specksgoor is a member of the Community Response Team (CRT). One of his duties as part of the CRT is interacting with the kids who have been assigned to the CRT from the courts and schools. All these children have had significant trouble in school and with the police. As you can imagine, they are often very difficult and challenging to deal with. Despite these challenges, plus his many other duties, Officer Specksgoor deals with these kids and families in a very professional manner. It has been noted that Andrew Specksgoor interacts with not only the children but also with their families to try to keep these kids out of future trouble. This is a job that many em-ployees would shy away from, but Officer Specksgoor tackles this job with enthusiasm and professionalism. His supervisor has noted that he excels in mentoring these young peo-ple. He holds them accountable for good be-havior while interacting with them each day in a positive fashion. This interaction includes taking kids on field trips and involving them in community service projects. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Officer Andrew Specksgoor of the Winchester Police Depart-ment for protecting and serving the community day-in and day-out. TRIBUTE TO BOONE COUNTY, INDIANA HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and salute Boone County, Indiana as the Indiana Bicentennial Torch is scheduled to pass through the county on Thursday, Octo-ber 13, 2016. The county sits on the Eastern part of Indi-ana’s Fourth Congressional District. It was es-tablished in 1830 and named for Daniel Boone, the famous American frontiersman. The county seat is located in Lebanon, the largest city in Boone County. The Lebanon Courthouse is known for having the second largest stained glass dome in Indiana. In this year of the Hoosier Bicentennial, communities throughout the state are cele-brating Indiana past and present through Bi-centennial Legacy Projects. These projects are culturally inclusive, celebratory, engaging, and inspiring to youth and young adults and create a legacy for the future. The organiza-tions responsible for the 17 Legacy Projects throughout the county are: Boone County Sen-ior Services, Inc., Zionsville Parks and Recre-ation Department, Zion Nature Center, CIRPCA, City of Zionsville, Boone County In-diana Bicentennial Time Capsule Committee, Lebanon Fire Department, Whitestown Parks Department, Sugar Plain Friends Church, Friends of the Zion Nature Center, Friends of the Hussey-Mayfield Memorial Public Library, Mid States Living History Association, Whitestown Parks, Boone County Historical Society, Temple Sisterhood of Indianapolis Hebrew Congregation, Edible Indy, Animalia, Inc., SullivanMunce Cultural Center, Indiana Gourd Society, Inc., and the Milledgeville United Methodist Church. Hoosiers look for-ward to their enduring contribution to our state’s legacy. And on this day, Mr. Speaker, in the year in which we are celebrating Indiana’s 200th birth-day, I am proud to recognize Boone County for the contribution of its residents to the past, present, and future of Indiana’s history. 
f 
HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF MARTIN AND ALICE VILMEK 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Martin and Alice Vilmek, who cele-brated their 50th wedding anniversary on Sep-tember 24th. Martin and Alice met when she was a baby-sitter for his younger brother and have been married since September 24th, 1966. They have two children, their son Marty and their daughter Dawn, as well as four grandchildren. Martin is a retired Bridgeview firefighter, but he continues to serve his community as the Village’s Emergency Management Agency Di-rector and through his work for the Illinois State Fair. In 2014, he was the recipient of the O.D. Troutman Emergency Management Co-ordinator of the Year Award. Alice is a mem-ber of the Library Board of Trustees of Bridgeview, and she holds her school district’s record for the longest streak without missing a single day of work. They are known throughout their neighbor-hood and beyond for the elaborate decora-tions they put up in their yard for holidays, in-cluding Christmas, Easter, and Halloween. Their displays have been featured in many newspapers and magazines. In his spare time Martin enjoys driving antique cars and has a 1946 fire truck that he drives in parades. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Martin and Alice Vilmek on their 50th wedding anniversary, and thank them for their decades of contributions to their community. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DEPUTY TYLER A. RENNER OF THE FREDERICK COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the achievements of one of the 10th Congressional District’s bravest constitu-ents, Deputy Tyler A. Renner of the Frederick County Sheriff’s Office. This law enforcement officer’s unwavering courage and dedication to protecting the community is a noble example of public service. Deputy Renner deserves the thanks of not only the communities in which he serves, but also that of his elected officials. On August 14, 2015 Craig Dehaven became a victim of a burglary at his residence. Deputy Renner responded and processed the scene recovering latent prints and additional evi-dence that was located directly below a win-dow that was entered during the incident. Deputy Renner collected the evidence and it was sent to the forensic lab for further proc-essing. Results were received back from the lab on May 24, 2016 and a DNA match was found. The recovered evidence contained a DNA profile that matched a specific subject. On May 26, 2016 investigators were able to interview the subject and they obtained a full confession along with the location of the sto-len items during this incident. The items were recovered and returned to the rightful owner, thanks to the diligent and thorough work per-formed by Deputy Renner. Had he not done this, the victim would not have had closure in this burglary. In addition several other inci-dents involved would also not have been cleared. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Deputy Tyler A. Renner of the Frederick County Sheriff’s Office for protecting and serving the community day-in and day-out. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WARREN COUNTY, INDIANA 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and salute Warren County, Indiana 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.114 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1425 September 29, 2016 
as the Indiana Bicentennial Torch is scheduled to pass through the county on Wednesday, October 12, 2016. The county sits on the western part of Indi-ana’s Fourth Congressional District. It was es-tablished in 1827 and named for Dr. Joseph Warren, who was killed in 1775 at the Battle of Bunker Hill. The county seat is located in Williamsport, home to Williamsport Falls, the highest free-falling waterfall in the state. The county’s farmland is recognized as being among the most productive in Indiana. In this year of the Hoosier Bicentennial, communities throughout the state are cele-brating Indiana past and present through Bi-centennial Legacy Projects. These projects are culturally inclusive, celebratory, engaging, and inspiring to youth and young adults and create a legacy for the future. The organiza-tions responsible for the eleven Legacy Projects throughout the county are: Seeger High School Music Department, Warren Coun-ty Historical Society, Warren County Master Gardeners, Illiana Antique Power Association, NICHES Land Trust, Wabash River Strings, and the Williamsport-Washington Township Public Library. Hoosiers look forward to their enduring contribution to our state’s legacy. And on this day, Mr. Speaker, in the year in which we are celebrating Indiana’s 200th birth-day, I am proud to recognize Warren County for the contribution of its residents to the past, present, and future of Indiana’s history. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 150TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE SCHAEFFER ME-MORIAL BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, it is my privi-lege to recognize the 150th anniversary of the Schaeffer Memorial Baptist Church. Since it was built in 1885, the church has served as a place of worship, as well as a location for community activities and other gatherings. I have had the pleasure of visiting the Schaeffer Memorial Baptist Church and appre-ciate the rich history of the building. Since its founding so many decades ago, the church has grown into a place for the New River Val-ley African American community to worship and celebrate their history and heritage, as well as host events such as the Annual Me-morial for Martin Luther King Junior. The Schaeffer Memorial Baptist Church is a brick building, described as Victorian Gothic style. The church is characterized by a tall tower in the southeast corner and its gable roof. Along with the Hill School and the Pri-mary Annex, the buildings make up the Old Christiansburg Industrial Institute. In 2001, the complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The church was founded by Captain Charles S. Schaeffer, from Pennsylvania. After the War Between the States, he was assigned to Southwest Virginia to work for the Freed-men’s Bureau. He worked to assist the African American community economically, and also worked to assist the community spiritually. He strived to provide education, technical skills, and knowledge of Christianity. He set up, or-ganized, and managed several African Amer-ican churches, which led to the baptism of hundreds. It is said that Captain Schaeffer was respected for practicing as he preached, and for truly living out the ideals he spoke of. According to the records of the Schaeffer Memorial Baptist Church, the building was completed and dedicated as a ‘‘temple built unto the LORD on the mountaintop’’ on Octo-ber 4, 1885. At the dedication service, Captain Schaeffer gave the trustees of the church a deed to the property. I am proud to honor this historical site in Christiansburg, Virginia, and recognize all those who have found faith, comfort, and friendships as part of the Schaffer Memorial Baptist Church community since it was found-ed 150 years ago. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SUPERVISORY SPECIAL AGENT JAY PERRY OF THE NORTHWEST VIRGINIA RE-GIONAL DRUG TASK FORCE 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the achievements of one of the 10th Congressional District’s bravest constitu-ents, Supervisory Special Agent Jay Perry of the Northwest Virginia Regional Drug Task Force. This law enforcement officer’s unwaver-ing courage and dedication to protecting the community is a noble example of public serv-ice. Special Agent Perry deserves the thanks of not only the communities in which he serves, but also that of his elected officials. Special Agent Perry is the coordinator of the Northwest Virginia Regional Drug Task Force and serves in many capacities as such. Spe-cial Agent Perry oversees the operations of the drug task force offices in Winchester, Front Royal, Shenandoah County and Page County. Special Agent Perry provides out-standing leadership to the local task force agents as well as to the communities we rep-resent. Special Agent Perry has been instrumental in helping to establish the new drug courts and in getting recent legislation passed to as-sist law enforcement in combating drug issues. Special Agent Perry works closely with community groups such as ‘‘The Road to Re-covery’’, ‘‘The Heroin Coalition’’ and other community based groups to establish trusting and working relationships with not only the drug task force but with all law enforcement entities in the communities. Special Agent Perry, although extremely busy in his capacity as the task force coordinator, can still be found on the scene of drug arrests, search warrants and other investigations lending a hand and often guidance in these cases. During the 2015/2016 year, Special Agent Perry has been responsible for building and maintaining a system to monitor drug overdoses and fatalities in the communities. This information has proven to be valuable to many local groups to include law enforcement, community groups, medical professionals and recovery groups. Special Agent Perry main-tains a close working relationship with each drug task force team leader to assure that this information is updated regularly and shared within the partnerships that have been created to combat the current heroin epidemic we are battling. Special Agent Perry has been actively in-volved with and continues to fight to have the region designated as a High Intensity Drug Area (HIDTA) in order for the local law en-forcement partners to receive funding and support, which will allow us to continue to fight this current drug epidemic that we are experi-encing in the communities. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Supervisory Special Agent Jay Perry of the Northwest Virginia Re-gional Drug Task Force for protecting and serving the community day-in and day-out. f 
TRIBUTE TO MONTGOMERY COUNTY, INDIANA 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and salute Montgomery County, In-diana as the Indiana Bicentennial Torch is scheduled to pass through the county on Thursday, October 13, 2016. The County sits in the central part of Indi-ana’s Fourth Congressional District. It was es-tablished in 1822 and named for Richard Montgomery, an American Revolutionary War general killed in 1775 at the Battle of Quebec. The county seat is located in Crawfordsville, where Henry S. Lane resided. Mr. Lane, a former Senator, was an early leader of the Re-publican Party and influential in the nomination of Abraham Lincoln. The county is also known for being the residence of Lew Wallace, author of the popular nineteenth-century novel Ben- Hur: A Tale of the Christ. While richly steeped in history, Montgomery County is home to my alma mater, Wabash College, and holds a special place in my heart. In this year of the Hoosier Bicentennial, communities throughout the state are cele-brating Indiana past and present through Bi-centennial Legacy Projects. These projects are culturally inclusive, celebratory, engaging, and inspiring to youth and young adults and create a legacy for the future. The organiza-tions responsible for the twenty three Legacy Projects throughout the county are: Crawfordsville Parks and Recreation Depart-ment, Montgomery County Historical Society, Westchester Public Library, DNR Division of Nature Preserves, Lew Wallace Study & Mu-seum, DNR Division of State Parks & Res-ervoirs, American Legion Byron Cox Post 72, Crossroad of America, Boy Scouts of America, Amy Westphal, Jerald M. Jascoviak, and the Crawfordsville/Montgomery County Chamber of Commerce. Hoosiers look forward to their enduring contribution to our state’s legacy. And on this day, Mr. Speaker, in the year in which we are celebrating Indiana’s 200th birth-day, I am proud to recognize Montgomery County for the contribution of its residents to the past, present, and future of Indiana’s his-tory. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.119 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1426 September 29, 2016 
URGING THE HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES TO CONSIDER H.R. 1197, THE ACCELERATING THE END OF BREAST CANCER ACT 
HON. PETER T. KING 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support for H.R. 1197, the Accelerating the End of Breast Can-cer Act. This legislation, which has over 270 bipartisan cosponsors, would establish the Commission to Accelerate the End of Breast Cancer with the goal of leveraging existing in-vestments in cancer research and making true progress in curing breast cancer. This year 40,450 women and 440 men will die of breast cancer in the United States. De-spite government and private sector invest-ments, we have not made adequate progress on improving breast cancer incidence, mor-bidity, and mortality rates. The chance of a woman developing breast cancer in her life-time has increased from 1 in 11 in 1975 to 1 in 8 today. If enacted, H.R. 1197 would allow us to har-ness the full potential of existing research in order to end breast cancer. We must take ad-vantage of this opportunity to make a dif-ference in the lives of women suffering from this disease. I strongly urge this chamber to take up H.R. 1197 and pass it before the end of this session. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF OFFICER THOMAS EAGAN 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the achievements of one of the 10th Congressional District’s bravest constitu-ents, Officer Thomas Eagan of the North-western Regional Adult Detention Center. This law enforcement officer’s unwavering courage and dedication to protecting the community is a noble example of public service. Officer Eagan deserves the thanks of not only the communities in which he serves, but also that of his elected officials. Officer Eagan has been employed with the Northwestern Regional Adult Detention Center since October 2013. In his short time with the facility, he has proven to be an extraordinary employee who delivers outstanding perform-ance. His attention to detail and level of integ-rity is unprecedented. Officer Eagan was nominated for and re-ceived the Lifesaving Award for his heroic ac-tions on September 9, 2015. While working overtime, he was the first to respond and to begin lifesaving tactics on an inmate who at-tempted to commit suicide. His steadfast per-sonality and training led to the extension of life for the inmate. He has proven to be an ex-traordinary employee who delivers exemplary performance in all that he does. He also has a sense of humility that keeps him grounded and humble. For all that he contributes to the facility his dedication does not go unnoticed. Officer Eagan received employee of the quarter in the summer quarter of July, August and Sep-tember and was nominated for employee of the year for the facility. He is experienced in his field and still desires more. He constantly pursues extra training when afforded and has recently become a member of the crisis inter-vention training team. He is always looking and asking to assist with everything and strives to continuously advance his thirst for knowledge. His professional demeanor and positive atti-tude are infectious to all those around him. He is a pillar in the eyes of other officers and is a true depiction of what each officer should aspire to become. His level of dedication and camaraderie are unrivaled. It is his selfless-ness and hardworking outlook in all things he does that has earned him the respect of his peers. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Officer Thomas Eagan of the Northwestern Regional Adult Detention Center for protecting and serving the commu-nity day-in and day-out. f 
TRIBUTE TO HOWARD COUNTY, INDIANA 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and salute Howard County, Indiana as the Indiana Bicentennial Torch is scheduled to pass through the county on October 5, 2016. The County sits on the northern part of Indi-ana’s Fourth Congressional District. It was es-tablished in 1844 and named for General Tilghman Howard in 1846, who was a U.S. Representative. The county seat is located in Kokomo. A significant number of technical and engineering innovations were developed in Kokomo; as a result, Kokomo became known as the ‘‘City of Firsts.’’ Howard County was originally named Richardville for Jean Baptiste Richardville, who was a chief of the Miami. In this year of the Hoosier Bicentennial, communities throughout the state are cele-brating Indiana past and present through Bi-centennial Legacy Projects. These projects are culturally inclusive, celebratory, engaging, and inspiring to youth and young adults and create a legacy for the future. The organiza-tions responsible for the Legacy Projects throughout the county are: City of Kokomo, Kokomo-Howard County Public Library, Stude-baker National Museum, Auburn-Cord- Duesenberg Museum, Kokomo Automotive Museum, Kokomo Civic Theatre, Inc. and Howard-Miami Heritage Society. Hoosiers look forward to their enduring contribution to our state’s legacy. And on this day, Mr. Speaker, in the year in which we are celebrating Indiana’s 200th birth-day, I am proud to recognize Howard County for the contribution of its residents to the past, present, and future of Indiana’s history. KEITH ROMINGER LARRABEE HON. DOUG LaMALFA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate an extraordinary milestone of a Sacramento Valley native and Chico resident, Keith Rominger Larrabee, as he celebrates his 50th birthday on September 30, 2016. Keith currently serves on the California Pecan Growers Association board. He runs a thriving agricultural operation, and has served on various agricultural boards over the years, including as President of the Prune Bargaining Association, a member of the California Dried Plum Board, President of the Butte Creek Cajun Company, served on the Board of Levee District Three, been a member of the Butte City Volunteer Fire Department, and as a member of the Rotary Club of Chico. Keith is also owner and partner of Larrabee Farms in Butte City, where he works alongside two of his brothers growing rice, pecans, wal-nuts and various row crops. Farming has been a part of Keith’s entire life, being born in Chico and raised on a family farm his great-grand-father originally started in 1918. When asked why he was a farmer, Keith stated, ‘‘Growing up on a farm brought great joy and pleasure. While I thought about other professions, I al-ways envisioned myself being a farmer.’’ Keith has been a leader in the development, research and promotion of the California dried plum and pecan industries. He’s provided re-search opportunities, been a featured speaker at conferences, and promoted the benefits of dried plums and pecans to others. He’s also a strong believer in the agricultural economy and started and has been a part of many agri-cultural based companies. Keith strongly be-lieves in the benefits of small business in America. A fourth generation Californian, Keith and his wife, Kim, are the proud parents of their two children—Olivia and Ryan. When he’s not working, Keith enjoys spending time with his family and traveling California and the world. As a proud father and husband, his family is a strong pillar of his life and he’s loved very much by his family. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Keith on his special day, September 30, 2016, by wishing him a Happy 50th Birthday. May he continue to live a long and blessed life. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF OFFICER ANDREW SHERMAN 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the achievements of one of the 10th Congressional District’s bravest constitu-ents, Officer Andrew Sherman of the Mount Weather Police Department. This law enforce-ment officer’s unwavering courage and dedica-tion to protecting the community is a noble ex-ample of public service. Officer Sherman de-serves the thanks of not only the communities in which he serves, but also that of his elected officials. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.123 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1427 September 29, 2016 
Officer Sherman routinely performs above and beyond his duties as a police officer by undertaking additional duties and tasks for im-proving the skills of his fellow police officers and the department as a whole. Officer Sher-man, without hesitation, took on the responsi-bility of serving as the lead instructor for the department’s protective service operations, which is required for the officers to be sworn in as special deputy, U.S. marshals. Addition-ally, Officer Sherman serves as one of the de-partment’s active shooter and non-lethal train-ing instructors. He consistently develops cre-ative and challenging training scenarios for im-proving the officers’ skills in responding to and mitigating the impacts of an active shooter in-cident. He also was an instrumental part of the working group that created the Mount Weather emergency services division’s tactical emer-gency casualty care policy, which dramatically improved the joint training and response of the Mount Weather police and fire departments during active shooter incidents. Recently Officer Sherman assisted with im-proving the department’s security mission in the areas of aircraft security screens and ran-dom security measures as part of the depart-ment’s security posture levels. His proposal for changing the positioning of officers during air-craft arrivals led to more efficient and effective security screening operations, and his rec-ommended security measures will improve the overall force protection of the facility. Officer Sherman has continually shown him-self as a professional police officer displaying the highest degree of competence, esprit de corps, and dedication to the mission of Mount Weather. The Mount Weather police depart-ment can think of no finer police officer more deserving of recognition than Officer Andrew Sherman. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Officer Andrew Sher-man of the Mount Weather Police Department for protecting and serving the community day- in and day-out. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FOUNTAIN COUNTY, INDIANA 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 28, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and salute Fountain County, Indiana as the Indiana Bicentennial Torch is scheduled to pass through the county on Wednesday, October 12, 2016. I am honored to be one of the county’s torch bearers as the torch jour-neys across our great state of Indiana. The county sits on the western part of Indi-ana’s Fourth Congressional District. It was es-tablished in 1826 and named for Major James Fontaine, who was killed during the Northwest Indian War in 1790. The county seat is located in Covington, birthplace of John Myers, who served as a U.S. Representative for nearly 30 years. The county is known for the Wabash River defining the northern and western bor-ders. In this year of the Hoosier Bicentennial, communities throughout the state are cele-brating Indiana past and present through Bi-centennial Legacy Projects. These projects are culturally inclusive, celebratory, engaging, and inspiring to youth and young adults and create a legacy for the future. The organiza-tions responsible for the eleven Legacy Projects throughout the county are: City of At-tica, NICHES Land Trust, City of Covington, Town Council of the Town of Newton, Foun-tain County Art Council, Inc., Fountain County Landmarks, Inc., The Fountain Trust Com-pany, Wallace Homecoming Committee, Illiana Antique Power Association, and the Cov-ington-Veedersberg Public Library. Hoosiers look forward to their enduring contribution to our state’s legacy. And on this day, Mr. Speaker, in the year in which we are celebrating Indiana’s 200th birth-day, I am proud to recognize Fountain County for the contribution of its residents to the past, present, and future of Indiana’s history. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.127 E29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
D999 Thursday, September 29, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6251–S6287 Measures Introduced: Nine bills and twenty-five resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3460–3468, S. Res. 590–613, and S. Con. Res. 55. 
                                                                                    Pages S6266–67 
Measures Reported: S. 2763, to provide the victims of Holocaust-era persecution and their heirs a fair opportunity to re-cover works of art confiscated or misappropriated by the Nazis, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                                                      Page S6266 
Measures Passed: Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission: Senate passed H.R. 3004, to amend the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission.
                         Page S6255 
Bathrooms Accessible in Every Situation Act: Senate passed H.R. 5147, to amend title 40, United States Code, to require restrooms in public buildings to be equipped with baby changing facilities. 
                                                                                    Pages S6255–56 
Clarification of Treatment of Electronic Sales of Livestock Act: Senate passed H.R. 5883, to amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to clarify the duties relating to services furnished in connection with the buying or selling of livestock in commerce through online, video, or other electronic methods. 
                                                                                            Page S6256 
Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse: Committee on Environment and Public Works was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3937, to designate the building utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Green-ville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                             Page S6256 
National Gallery of Art 75th Anniversary: Committee on Rules and Administration was dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 527, recognizing the 75th anniversary of the opening of the National Gallery of Art, and the resolution was then agreed to.                                                            Page S6256 
Lights On Afterschool: Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 578, supporting Lights On Afterschool, a national celebration of afterschool programs held on October 20, 2016, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                    Page S6256 
National Case Management Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 591, designating the week of October 9 through October 15, 2016, as ‘‘National Case Man-agement Week’’ to recognize the role of case man-agement in improving health care outcomes for pa-tients.
                                                                       Pages S6256–57 
Sickle Cell Disease Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 592, expressing support for the designation of the month of September 2016 as ‘‘Sickle Cell Disease Awareness Month’’ in order to educate communities across the United States about sickle cell disease and the need for research, early de-tection methods, effective treatments, and preventa-tive care programs with respect to sickle cell disease. 
                                                                                    Pages S6256–57 
National Falls Prevention Awareness Day: Sen-ate agreed to S. Res. 593, designating September 22, 2016, as ‘‘National Falls Prevention Awareness Day’’ to raise awareness and encourage the prevention of falls among older adults.
                                Pages S6256–57 
National Animal Rescue Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 594, expressing support for designation of the third Saturday in October 2016 as ‘‘National Animal Rescue Day’’ to create awareness of and edu-cate individuals on the importance of adoption of animals, to create a humane environment for any pet, and to encourage animal adoptions throughout the United States.
                                              Pages S6256–57 
Grant Assurances: Senate passed H.R. 5944, to amend title 49, United States Code, with respect to certain grant assurances.
                                         Page S6284 
Omnibus Territories Act: Senate passed S. 2360, to improve the administration of certain programs in the insular areas, after agreeing to the committee amendment.
                                                          Pages S6284–85 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29SE6.REC D29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1000 September 29, 2016 
United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act: Senate passed H.R. 5946, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-clude from gross income any prizes or awards won in competition in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games.
                                                   Page S6285 
White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act: Senate passed S. 2959, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, after agreeing to the committee amendments.
      Page S6285 
Nevada Native Nations Land Act: Senate passed H.R. 2733, to require the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes. 
                                                                                            Page S6285 
Women in Coast Guard Academy 40th Anniver-sary: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Trans-portation was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 579, recognizing the 40th Anniversary of the first class of women admitted to the Coast Guard Academy, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                                                      Page S6286 
National Adult Education and Family Literacy Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 600, designating the week of September 26 through 30, 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Adult Education and Family Literacy Week’’. 
                                                                                            Page S6286 
National Dystonia Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 601, designating September 2016 as ‘‘National Dystonia Awareness Month’’ and rais-ing awareness and understanding of the disorder of dystonia.
                                                                         Page S6286 
Texas A&M College of Veterinary Medicine & Biomedical Sciences: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 55, commemorating the 100th anniversary of the 1916 opening of the Texas A&M College of Veteri-nary Medicine & Biomedical Sciences and the 2016 opening of the new Texas A&M Veterinary & Bio-medical Education complex in College Station, Texas.
                                                                               Page S6286 
Adjournment Resolution: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 166, providing for a conditional adjourn-ment of the House of Representatives.
           Page S6286 
PROTECT Patrimony Resolution: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 122, supporting efforts to stop the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cultural items of American Indians, Alaska Natives, and Native Hawaiians in the United States and internationally, after agreeing to the following amendments proposed thereto:
                   Pages S6286–87 
Fischer (for Udall) Amendment No. 5106, in the nature of a substitute.
                                             Page S6287 Fischer (for Udall) Amendment No. 5107, to strike the preamble.
                                                 Page S6287 
House Messages: Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Com-mission on Native Children Act: Senate concurred in the House amendment to S. 246, to establish the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children.
                                                 Page S6286 
Authority for Committees—Agreement: A unani-mous-consent agreement was reached providing that notwithstanding the Senate’s adjournment, commit-tees be authorized to report legislative and executive matters on Thursday, October 27, 2016, from 10 a.m. to 12 noon.
                                                        Page S6286 
Authorizing Leadership to Make Appoint-ments—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agree-ment was reached providing that notwithstanding the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the Presi-dent of the Senate, the President pro tempore, and the Majority and Minority Leaders be authorized to make appointments to commissions, committees, boards, conferences, or interparliamentary conferences authorized by law, by concurrent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate.
                    Page S6286 
Signing Authority—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the junior Senator from Louisiana be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolutions on Thursday, September 29, 2016, through Monday, November 14, 2016.
                                                                       Page S6286 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the Senate adjourn, to then convene for pro forma ses-sions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Monday, October 3, 2016 at 10:30 a.m.; Thursday, October 6, 2016 at 10:30 a.m.; Friday, October 7, 2016 at 2 p.m.; Tuesday, October 11, 2016 at 9 a.m.; Thursday, October 13, 2016 at 2 p.m.; Monday, October 17, 2016 at 11 a.m.; Thursday, October 20, 2016 at 3 p.m.; Mon-day, October 24, 2016 at 10:30 a.m.; Thursday, Oc-tober 27, 2016 at 10:30 a.m.; Monday, October 31, 2016 at 4:30 p.m.; Thursday, November 3, 2016 at 2 p.m.; Monday, November 7, 2016 at 10:30 a.m.; Thursday, November 10, 2016 at 10 a.m.; Monday, November 14, 2016 at 5:30 p.m.; and that when the Senate adjourns on Monday, November 14, 2016, it next convene at 4 p.m., Tuesday, November 15, 2016.
                                                                                Page S6287 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6266 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S6266 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29SE6.REC D29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1001 September 29, 2016 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S6266 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S6266 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6267–68 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6268–83 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6262–66 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6283–84 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6284 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 1:32 p.m., until 10:30 a.m. on Monday, October 3, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6287.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
SYRIA CONFLICT Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the regional impact of the Syria conflict, focusing on Syria, Turkey, and Iraq, after receiving testimony from Antony Blinken, Dep-uty Secretary of State. MILLENNIAL PERSPECTIVES ON FEDERAL EMPLOYMENT Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-eral Management concluded a hearing to examine understanding the Millennial perspective in deciding to pursue and remain in Federal employment, after receiving testimony from Mark Reinhold, Associate Director for Employee Services and Chief Human Capital Officer, Office of Personnel Management; Angela Bailey, Chief Human Capital Officer, De-partment of Homeland Security; Lauren Leo, Assist-ant Administrator, Office of Human Capital Man-agement, National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration; and Robert Goldenkoff, Director, Strategic Issues, Government Accountability Office. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, Novem-ber 14, 2016, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 166. 
Committee Meetings 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Holding Wall Street Account-able: Investigating Wells Fargo’s Opening of Unau-thorized Customer Accounts’’. Testimony was heard from a public witness. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Research and Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Academic Research Regulatory Relief: A Review of New Recommendations’’. Testimony was heard from John Neumann, Director, Natural Resources and Environment Team, Government Ac-countability Office; and public witnesses. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29SE6.REC D29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1002 September 29, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10:30 a.m., Monday, October 3 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2 p.m., Monday, November 14 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: The House is scheduled to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, November 14, 2016, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 166. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Adams, Alma S., N.C., E1403 Babin, Brian, Tex., E1402 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1404, E1409, E1416, E1420 Blackburn, Marsha, Tenn., E1412 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E1401 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E1415 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E1423 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E1410 Castor, Kathy, Fla., E1414 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E1403, E1406 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1420, E1421, E1421, E1422, E1423, E1424, E1424, E1425, E1426, E1426 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E1416 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1418 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1404, E1410, E1412, E1414, E1419 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E1406, E1418 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E1425 Hill, J. French, Ark., E1402, E1405, E1409 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1405 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E1401 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1418 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1416 Keating, William R., Mass., E1407 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E1402 King, Peter T., N.Y., E1426 Knight, Stephen, Calif., E1415 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1422 LaMalfa, Doug, Calif., E1421, E1426 Latta, Robert E., Ohio, E1414 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1414 Lewis, John, Ga., E1408 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1424 Long, Billy, Mo., E1405, E1418 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E1405, E1412, E1417 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E1404 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1411 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1403, E1409 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E1402 McNerney, Jerry, Calif., E1405 McSally, Martha, Ariz., E1403 Meeks, Gregory W., N.Y., E1414 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1406 Neugebauer, Randy, Tex., E1401 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1408 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E1413 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1413 Posey, Bill, Fla., E1412 Price, David E., N.C., E1407 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E1420, E1421, E1422, E1422, E1423, E1424, E1424, E1425, E1426, E1427 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1421 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E1411 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E1412 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E1419 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1407, E1423 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E1413 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1416 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1410 Walden, Greg, Ore., E1415 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1408 Young, David, Iowa, E1404, E1406, E1408, E1410, E1411, E1412, E1414, E1415, E1417, E1420 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Sep 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D29SE6.REC D29SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST