Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6315 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2016 No. 170 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
OMACK ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, November 29, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable S
TEVE  W
OMACK to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BILL AND BETTY BURNS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD) for 5 minutes. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this opportunity to recognize two very special individuals from Lake Villa for their continued dedication to our community. Those individuals are Bill and Betty Burns. They both have consistently been at the forefront of the planning and execution of a num-ber of wonderful community events that really serve as an opportunity to bring everyone together. Each and every year, Bill and Betty have helped plan the Lake Villa Memo-rial Day, St. Patrick’s Day, and Christ-mas parades. With their consistent hard work and dedication, these events have been great successes that have been really the glue that has brought our community together, not just on these special days but really a sense of community throughout the entire year. Last year, Mr. Speaker, the Tenth District recognized them for their serv-ice to Lake Villa and to Grayslake with the public servant award for their dedication to our community. Mr. Speaker, it is really individuals like Bill and Betty Burns that make our community stronger; and there are people like Bill and Betty all over our great Nation that are doing the things necessary to make sure that the little details are not left undone. They do this work tirelessly and thanklessly, in order to make sure our communities are a little bit stronger and a little bit better. So I want to take this opportunity, Mr. Speaker, to thank Bill and Betty Burns for their tireless service and dedication to our community to make it a much stronger and better place. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 2 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
ENHAM ) at 2 p.m. PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Gracious God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. You have blessed us with all good gifts, and this past week, with thankful hearts, we gathered with family and loved ones throughout this great land to celebrate our blessings together. Bless the newly elected Members of the 115th Congress who resume their orientation on Capitol Hill. Give them calm and confidence as they prepare for a new role as servants of our Na-tion’s citizens. Bless the Members of the people’s House who have been entrusted with the privilege to serve our Nation and all Americans in their need. Grant them to work together in respect and affection, faithful in the responsibil-ities they have been given. As the end of the 114th Congress ap-proaches, bestow upon them the gifts of wisdom and discernment, that in their actions they will do justice, love with mercy, and walk humbly with You. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.000 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6316 November 29, 2016 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNIZING THE FOOD BANK OF NORTHEAST GEORGIA (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Food Bank of Northeast Georgia for more than 20 years of dedication and service to the people of Georgia. Since 1992, the food bank has worked to com-bat hunger and alleviate poverty by feeding children, the elderly, the ill, and those in need throughout the northeastern part of Georgia. Just this past October, my staff and I had the distinct pleasure of lending a hand to the hardworking staff of the food bank and saw their actions, which are indeed remarkable. Just this year alone, the food bank has distributed nearly 12 million pounds of food, which equals about 10
1⁄2million meals. This is truly an outstanding organi-zation that continues to expand its reach and scope through its charitable contributions. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing the Food Bank of Northeast Georgia for their outstanding service. I am honored deeply to have them in the 10th District of Georgia. I give my best wishes to the food bank and their staff as they continue to serve those in need. 
f 
FLINT, MICHIGAN (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, my home-town of Flint—I am sure you have heard me talk about this before—con-tinues to suffer in this crisis. One hun-dred thousand people, citizens of that city, still can’t drink their water, which has been exposed to high levels of lead. That crisis is far from over. Flint families don’t have access to clean drinking water. They demand—and we should provide—a response from every level of government, including the Fed-eral Government. That is why I am pleased and appre-ciate the fact that Democrats and Re-publicans in the House and the Senate have come together to make a commit-ment to help the people of Flint. Legis-lation passed in both bodies provides help for Flint. Now we have to finish that work before we leave this session. Before we are Democrats or Repub-licans, we are Americans. We have a tradition in this country of always coming together for those who are fac-ing a crisis, for those who are in great need. It is incumbent now upon Con-gress to do the same, to come together to help the people of Flint. I look for-ward to Democrats and Republicans coming together to do that. f 
RECOGNIZING THE NATIONAL GRANGE ANNIVERSARY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recogni-tion of the National Grange’s 150th an-niversary and to celebrate their cen-tury and a half of service to agri-culture and rural America. The National Grange was founded in 1867 by Oliver H. Kelley, an employee at the United States Department of Agriculture. He formed this organiza-tion to bring farmers from all over the country together in order to share best agricultural practices, drive edu-cational discussion, and promote the economic and social needs of farmers. In the 150 years since its founding, the Grange has encouraged families and communities—both rural and urban—to come together at the com-munity, county or district, State, and national level to advocate not only for agriculture, but for an array of causes affecting communities. For example, the Grange played a critical role in developing rural access, from electricity to rural mail delivery, and was an early supporter of women’s suffrage. I congratulate the National Grange and its members on a century and a half of excellence. 
f 
MEDIA IGNORES ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a new report by the Wilson Center has found that illegal immigration across the southern border is on pace to break the previous record set in 2014. This record should not come as a sur-prise. The administration’s policies en-courage illegal immigration. The number of apprehensions at the southern border in August reached its highest point for that month in the last 5 years. This record-setting pace of illegal immigration was largely ig-nored by the media. Neither the Big Three networks nor the national daily newspapers covered the report. The administration’s failure to en-force immigration laws has caused the new record surge. Americans are under-standably concerned about illegal im-migration. It is unfortunate that the media does not consider it newsworthy. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 29, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 29, 2016, at 9:23 a.m.: That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 4665. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 5111. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 29, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 29, 2016, at 10:45 am.: That the Senate passed S. 2974. That the Senate passed S. 2325. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 8 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1501 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of New York) at 3 o’clock and 1 minute p.m. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.003 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6317 November 29, 2016 
vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
VETERANS TRICARE CHOICE ACT OF 2016 Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5458) to provide for coordination between the TRICARE program and eligibility for making contributions to a health savings ac-count, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5458 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans TRICARE Choice Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. COORDINATION BETWEEN TRICARE PRO-GRAM AND ELIGIBILITY TO MAKE CONTRIBUTIONS TO HEALTH SAV-INGS ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 223(c)(1)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (ii), by strik-ing the period at the end of clause (iii) and in-serting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) coverage under the TRICARE program under chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, for any period with respect to which an election is in effect under section 1097e of such title pro-viding that the individual is ineligible to be en-rolled in (and receive benefits under) such pro-gram.’’. (b) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO ELECTION OF IN-
ELIGIBILITY UNDER TRICARE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 1097d the following new section: ‘‘§ 1097e. TRICARE program: election of eligi-bility ‘‘(a) E
LECTION .—Beginning January 1, 2017, a TRICARE-eligible individual may elect at any time to be ineligible to enroll in (and receive any benefits under) the TRICARE program. ‘‘(b) C
HANGE OF ELECTION .—(1) If a TRICARE-eligible individual makes an election under subsection (a), the TRICARE-eligible in-dividual may later elect to be eligible to enroll in the TRICARE program. An election made under this subsection may be made only during a spe-cial enrollment period. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall ensure that a TRICARE-eligible individual who makes an election under subsection (a) may efficiently en-roll in the TRICARE program pursuant to an election under paragraph (1), including by maintaining the individual, as appropriate, in the health care enrollment system under section 1099 of this title in an inactive manner. ‘‘(c) P
ERIOD OF ELECTION .—If a TRICARE-eli-gible individual makes an election under sub-section (a), such election shall be in effect be-ginning on the date of such election and ending on the date that such individual makes an elec-tion under subsection (b)(1) to enroll in the TRICARE program. ‘‘(d) H
EALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT PARTICIPA -
TION.—(1) For provisions allowing participation in a health savings account in connection with coverage under a high deductible health plan during the period that the election under sub-section (a) is in effect, see section 223(c)(1)(B)(iv) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall submit to the Com-missioner of Internal Revenue the name of, and any other information that the Commissioner may require with respect to, each TRICARE-eli-gible individual who makes an election under subsection (a) or (b), not later than 90 days after such election, for purposes of determining the eligibility of such TRICARE-eligible indi-vidual for a health savings account described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(e) RECORDS .—The Secretary shall ensure that a TRICARE-eligible individual who makes an election under subsection (a) is maintained on the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System, or successor system, regardless of whether the individual is eligible for the TRICARE program during the period of such election. ‘‘(f) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary shall provide to each TRICARE-eligible individual who seeks to make an election under subsection (a) information regarding— ‘‘(1) health savings accounts in connection with coverage under a high deductible health plan described in subsection (d)(1), including a comparison of such health saving accounts and the health care benefits the individual is eligible to receive under the TRICARE program; and ‘‘(2) changing such an election under sub-section (b)(1). ‘‘(g) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on elections by TRICARE-eligi-ble individuals under this section that includes the following: ‘‘(1) The number of TRICARE-eligible individ-uals, as of the date of the submittal of the re-port, who are ineligible to enroll in (and receive any benefits under) the TRICARE program pur-suant to an election under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) The number of TRICARE-eligible individ-uals who made an election described under sub-section (a) but, as of the date of the submittal of the report, are enrolled in the TRICARE pro-gram pursuant to a change of election under subsection (b). ‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘TRICARE-eligible individual’ means an individual who is— ‘‘(A) eligible to be a covered beneficiary enti-tled to health care benefits under the TRICARE program (determined without regard to this sec-tion); and ‘‘(B) not serving on active duty in the uni-formed services. ‘‘(2) The term ‘special enrollment period’ means the period in which a beneficiary under the Federal Employees Health Benefits program under chapter 89 of title 5 may enroll in or change a plan under such program by reason of a qualifying event or during an open enrollment season. For purposes of this section, such quali-fying events shall also include events deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary of Defense, including events relating to a member of the armed forces being ordered to active duty.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 55 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 1097d the following new item: ‘‘1097e. TRICARE program: election of eligi-bility.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to months begin-ning after December 31, 2016. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH) and the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. M
CDERMOTT ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 5458, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Nebraska? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5458, the Veterans TRICARE Choice Act of 2016. This legislation, introduced by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. STEW-
ART), addresses a gap in current law which prevents veterans and their fam-ilies with TRICARE coverage who also choose to participate in a high-deduct-ible health plan from utilizing a health savings account, or HSA. While veterans or their family mem-bers who participate in TRICARE may also have private health insurance cov-erage, including high-deductible plans, they are prohibited from contributing to an HSA affiliated with a high-de-ductible plan. In order to contribute to an HSA under current law, an indi-vidual must permanently renounce their TRICARE eligibility because no mechanism to allow reenrollment cur-rently exists. H.R. 5458 addresses this issue by al-lowing certain TRICARE-eligible indi-viduals to voluntarily pause their TRICARE coverage for a period of time in which they choose to contribute to an HSA. The bill also creates special enrollment periods should these indi-viduals choose to reenroll in TRICARE at a later date. Our veterans devoted their lives to defending our freedoms. We should not allow arbitrary, bureaucratic obstacles to stop them from making the best healthcare choices for themselves and their families. This bill creates a mech-anism to improve veterans’ health cov-erage options and provides them great-er opportunities to save toward their own healthcare needs. It also ensures patients can be more engaged in their own care while eliminating the incon-sistency in our Tax Code. I applaud the gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEWART ) for bringing us this good idea today. I urge support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 17, 2016. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 5458, the Veterans TRICARE Choice Act of 2016, which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. There are certain provi-sions in the bill that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Armed Services. In order to expedite this legislation for floor consideration, the Committee on Armed Services will forgo action on this bill. This decision is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration in no way diminishes or alters the jurisdic-tional interests of the Committee on Armed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.008 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6318 November 29, 2016 
Services in this bill, any subsequent amend-ments, or similar legislation. I request you urge the Speaker to appoint members of the Committee on Armed Services to any con-ference committee convened to consider such provisions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the measure on the House floor. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 28, 2016. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY , Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5458, the ‘‘Vet-erans TRICARE Choice Act.’’ As you noted, the Committee on Armed Services was granted an additional referral on the bill. I am most appreciative of your decision to waive formal consideration of H.R. 5458 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on Armed Services is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appoint-ment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. While we are here today to debate H.R. 5458, which focuses on one small part of the transition for veterans com-pleting their service and entering the civilian workforce, I wish to take a mo-ment to reflect on a broader issue. While many veterans enter the work-force, and some may even be offered a health savings account as part of their insurance coverage, many millions de-pend on Medicare and Medicaid. Now, we in the Congress can’t forget the role these programs play in caring for our veterans and their loved ones as they return to the workforce, as they age, or as they live with disabilities. For more than four decades, Medi-care and Medicaid have helped Ameri-cans from all walks of life by improv-ing their financial and health security; but if you have been paying attention to the news lately, you know these pro-grams are under grave risk next year with a new Congress and a new Presi-dent. As we speak today to honor veterans’ service to our country, we must also think about the safety net that has been in place for many years to offer security. For example, today, nearly 1 in 10 veterans lacks health insurance at all. More than 340,000 uninsured vet-erans and their spouses live in States that have chosen not to expand Med-icaid to cover more residents. If those States offered coverage, these veterans would have insurance if we really cared about them—but their Governors ap-parently don’t. In Florida, more than 55,000 veterans and their spouses would be Medicaid el-igible had the State chosen to cover in-dividuals earning less than $21,000 a year. In North Carolina, 32,000 veterans and their spouses, and in Texas 67,000 veterans and their spouses would be el-igible. But their Governors saw fit not to care. Slashing Medicare funding by more than $1 trillion, as Speaker RYAN has proposed, is not a way to help veterans. Yet that is what will be in store next year. That is what people are talking about as what we are going to do in the new year. Turning Medicare into a capped voucher, privatizing the pro-gram, shifting more costs on bene-ficiaries, won’t help either. Now back to the bill at hand. For veterans who are receiving coverage through TRICARE, using employer coverage that offers health savings ac-counts coupled with high-deductible health plans can cause a problem. Under present law, eligibility for TRICARE coverage disqualifies a re-tiree from HSA eligibility because the TRICARE program is not a high-de-ductible plan. This, I believe, is a good thing, and it keeps health care afford-able for veterans, especially those who do not have the option for other cov-erage. While there is a difference of opinion in the committee on tax-preferred health accounts, the legislation recog-nizes that some veterans may have that coverage and could run afoul of current law because of enrollment in TRICARE. H.R. 5458 would provide that military retirees may disclaim their eligibility for the TRICARE program. This would allow a retiree who enrolled in a high-deductible health plan to re-ceive or make HSA contributions. When we considered this bill in the Committee on Ways and Means, the Department of Defense as well as the House Committee on Armed Services had some concerns with the approach in this bill, in particular, that TRICARE eligibility is a statutory en-titlement that cannot be waived. If the NDAA conference language is passed later this week, this legislation will no longer be needed as TRICARE enroll-ment will be voluntary and retirees can move between employer-sponsored in-surance and TRICARE, depending on which coverage is best for their current needs. In other words, this bill is going to last about 3 days, until we pass the NDAA on Friday and it is signed into law. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEWART ), the author of this bill. Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Nebraska for the opportunity to speak on behalf of my bill, the Veterans TRICARE Choice Act. Mr. Speaker, it was my honor to serve for 14 years as a pilot in the Air Force, and for my family—my wife, my children, and me—those were some of the best years of our lives. I continue to be amazed at the quality of those who serve in our military. It shouldn’t become cliche to say this: These are some of the finest young men and women that our country has ever pro-duced; they are strong, intelligent, dedicated, courageous individuals who choose to use their talents to serve the rest of us. It makes me uncomfortable some-times when I hear those of us who serve in Congress being called public servants when we know that the true public servants are the airmen, the sea-men, the soldiers, the marines—and their families; let’s not forget their families and their sacrifice as well— those who spend their careers either fighting abroad or preparing for that eventuality. As Americans, we should make it a habit to always thank these servicemembers whenever we see them. As Members of Congress, it is our job to be wise in our foreign policy, to give our warfighters the resources they need to win and then to ensure that veterans receive the benefits that we have promised them. In fact, that third responsibility is the genesis for this bill, fixing a glitch that was brought to my attention. As the gentleman has said already, it is just a glitch, just a loophole in the current law that was brought to my at-tention by a group of airline pilots. These pilots, many of whom are vet-erans, realized that, as veterans, they were unable to take advantage of all the healthcare benefits offered by their civilian employers. Many of them wanted to use HSAs but, because of the TRICARE eligibility, were legally un-able to do that. Mr. Speaker, HSAs are an innovative healthcare option that House Repub-licans have advanced as an important part of a market-driven, affordable healthcare system. In fact, HSAs are a critical component to the Speaker’s Better Way agenda, which I think many of us are excited to see signed into law in the coming months. With that in mind, it makes no sense to lock veterans out of this benefit based on eligibility for TRICARE. These pilots came to my office and had a simple request: Give us an on-off switch for TRICARE so the veterans who wish to use an HSA while retain-ing their right to return to TRICARE in the future can do that if they choose. It made sense, so that is what we did with this bill. The Veterans TRICARE Choice Act allows a veteran to suspend his or her TRICARE bene-fits for the purpose of enrolling in a health savings plan. If, for whatever reason, the veteran wishes to return to TRICARE, he or she can do so. It is a simple, commonsense fix with broad, bipartisan support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.006 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6319 November 29, 2016 
I would like to thank Representative T
ULSI GABBARD , a fellow veteran with a distinguished career in the United States Navy and a current member of the Hawaiian National Guard. Rep-resentative G
ABBARD and I have been fortunate to work together on this bill for almost 3 years now, and I am grate-ful for her work to bring this bill to this point. I would also like to thank Chairman B
RADY , Chairman T HORNBERRY , Chair-man T
IBERI , Chairman H ECK, and each of their staffs for their great work and their support in refining the bill and bringing it to the floor today. I am grateful for a similar measure that will be included in the National Defense Authorization Act we will be voting on later this week. Finally, I would like to thank Na-thaniel Johnson, a former member of my staff, a member of the Utah Na-tional Guard, a former combat medic who served in Afghanistan, and of course we called him Doc then. I would like to thank Doc, who felt compelled to see this bill through to its conclu-sion. Mr. Speaker, our veterans deserve our most profound gratitude. Nothing about their military service should pre-vent them from accessing the same benefits as their nonveteran coworkers. The very least we can do for them is ensure they receive the benefits we promised them and that the process goes forward as smoothly as possible. I recognize we have lots to do on that front, but I am hopeful the passage of this bill will be one small step forward in that direction. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ). Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, the problem that this bill seeks to solve for our veterans is, unfortunately, not un-common. I have heard from many of my fellow veterans, as has previously been explained, who have similarly not been able to access options widely available to their civilian coworkers because of the current limitations in the law; and that is what this bill seeks to do: correct it. The Veterans TRICARE Choice Act simply gives veterans and their depend-ents a choice: They can opt out of TRICARE and contribute to a health savings account with more flexibility and coverage options without fear of permanently losing their TRICARE coverage; and if their situation later changes, they will have the option to reenroll in TRICARE coverage, plain and simple. Our veterans and their families make tremendous sacrifices in service to our country, and that service should never limit their access to quality health care and their ability to make their own decisions about their own health and the health care for their families in the future. I would like to thank and congratu-late my friend and colleague, C
HRIS STEWART , for his leadership on pushing this issue forward, and I encourage my colleagues to join us in supporting H.R. 5458 today. b1515 Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this bill is one of those things that you fill time with, and I guess it is not going to hurt anything. So I would recommend that all of my colleagues vote for it. It will be moot on Friday, when we pass the NDAA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to again thank Mr. S
TEWART  for his efforts. This is a good bill that, as the gentlewoman from Hawaii men-tioned, will help many folks—cer-tainly, those that she has heard from and I know others have as well. I sup-port more veterans having more op-tions. I support the bill’s passage and urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5458, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RESPONSE ACT OF 2016 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 546) to establish the Railroad Emer-gency Services Preparedness, Oper-ational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RESPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy’s National Advisory Council to pro-vide recommendations on emergency responder training and resources relat-ing to hazardous materials incidents involving railroads, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 546 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘RESPONSE Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. RAILROAD EMERGENCY SERVICES PRE-PAREDNESS, OPERATIONAL NEEDS, AND SAFETY EVALUATION SUB-COMMITTEE. 
Section 508 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 318) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) RESPONSE SUBCOMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of the RE-SPONSE Act of 2016, the Administrator shall es-tablish, as a subcommittee of the National Advi-sory Council, the Railroad Emergency Services Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation Subcommittee (referred to in this subsection as the ‘RESPONSE Subcommittee’). ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—Notwithstanding sub-section (c), the RESPONSE Subcommittee shall be composed of the following: ‘‘(A) The Deputy Administrator, Protection and National Preparedness of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency, or designee. ‘‘(B) The Chief Safety Officer of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administra-tion, or designee. ‘‘(C) The Associate Administrator for Haz-ardous Materials Safety of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, or designee. ‘‘(D) The Director of the Office of Emergency Communications of the Department of Home-land Security, or designee. ‘‘(E) The Director for the Office of Railroad, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Investiga-tions of the National Transportation Safety Board, or designee. ‘‘(F) The Chief Safety Officer and Associate Administrator for Railroad Safety of the Federal Railroad Administration, or designee. ‘‘(G) The Assistant Administrator for Security Policy and Industry Engagement of the Trans-portation Security Administration, or designee. ‘‘(H) The Assistant Commandant for Response Policy of the Coast Guard, or designee. ‘‘(I) The Assistant Administrator for the Of-fice of Solid Waste and Emergency Response of the Environmental Protection Agency, or des-ignee. ‘‘(J) Such other qualified individuals as the co-chairpersons shall jointly appoint as soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of the RESPONSE Act of 2016 from among the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) Members of the National Advisory Coun-cil that have the requisite technical knowledge and expertise to address rail emergency response issues, including members from the following disciplines: ‘‘(I) Emergency management and emergency response providers, including fire service, law enforcement, hazardous materials response, and emergency medical services. ‘‘(II) State, local, and tribal government offi-cials. ‘‘(ii) Individuals who have the requisite tech-nical knowledge and expertise to serve on the RESPONSE Subcommittee, including at least 1 representative from each of the following: ‘‘(I) The rail industry. ‘‘(II) Rail labor ‘‘(III) Persons who offer oil for transportation by rail. ‘‘(IV) The communications industry. ‘‘(V) Emergency response providers, including individuals nominated by national organiza-tions representing State and local governments and emergency responders. ‘‘(VI) Emergency response training providers. ‘‘(VII) Representatives from tribal organiza-tions. ‘‘(VIII) Technical experts. ‘‘(IX) Vendors, developers, and manufacturers of systems, facilities, equipment, and capabili-ties for emergency responder services. ‘‘(iii) Representatives of such other stake-holders and interested and affected parties as the co-chairpersons consider appropriate. ‘‘(3) C
O-CHAIRPERSONS .—The members de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of para-graph (2) shall serve as the co-chairpersons of the RESPONSE Subcommittee. ‘‘(4) I
NITIAL MEETING .—The initial meeting of the RESPONSE Subcommittee shall take place not later than 90 days after the date of enact-ment of the RESPONSE Act of 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.010 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6320 November 29, 2016 
‘‘(5) C ONSULTATION WITH NONMEMBERS .—The RESPONSE Subcommittee and the program of-fices for emergency responder training and re-sources shall consult with other relevant agen-cies and groups, including entities engaged in federally funded research and academic institu-tions engaged in relevant work and research, which are not represented on the RESPONSE Subcommittee to consider new and developing technologies and methods that may be beneficial to preparedness and response to rail hazardous materials incidents. ‘‘(6) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The RESPONSE Subcommittee shall develop recommendations, as appropriate, for improving emergency responder training and resource allocation for hazardous materials incidents involving railroads after evaluating the following topics: ‘‘(A) The quality and application of training for State and local emergency responders related to rail hazardous materials incidents, including training for emergency responders serving small communities near railroads, including the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) Ease of access to relevant training for State and local emergency responders, including an analysis of— ‘‘(I) the number of individuals being trained; ‘‘(II) the number of individuals who are ap-plying; ‘‘(III) whether current demand is being met; ‘‘(IV) current challenges; and ‘‘(V) projected needs. ‘‘(ii) Modernization of training course content related to rail hazardous materials incidents, with a particular focus on fluctuations in oil shipments by rail, including regular and ongo-ing evaluation of course opportunities, adapta-tion to emerging trends, agency and private sec-tor outreach, effectiveness and ease of access for State and local emergency responders. ‘‘(iii) Identification of overlap in training con-tent and identification of opportunities to de-velop complementary courses and materials among governmental and nongovernmental enti-ties. ‘‘(iv) Online training platforms, train-the- trainer, and mobile training options. ‘‘(B) The availability and effectiveness of Fed-eral, State, local, and nongovernmental funding levels related to training emergency responders for rail hazardous materials incidents, including emergency responders serving small communities near railroads, including— ‘‘(i) identifying overlap in resource alloca-tions; ‘‘(ii) identifying cost savings measures that can be implemented to increase training oppor-tunities; ‘‘(iii) leveraging government funding with nongovernmental funding to enhance training opportunities and fill existing training gaps; ‘‘(iv) adaptation of priority settings for agen-cy funding allocations in response to emerging trends; ‘‘(v) historic levels of funding across Federal agencies for rail hazardous materials incident response and training, including funding pro-vided by the private sector to public entities or in conjunction with Federal programs; and ‘‘(vi) current funding resources across agen-cies. ‘‘(C) The strategy for integrating commodity flow studies, mapping, and rail and hazardous materials databases for State and local emer-gency responders and increasing the rate of ac-cess to the individual responder in existing or emerging communications technology. ‘‘(7) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the RESPONSE Act of 2016, the RESPONSE Subcommittee shall sub-mit a report to the National Advisory Council that— ‘‘(i) includes the recommendations developed under paragraph (6); ‘‘(ii) specifies the timeframes for implementing any such recommendations that do not require congressional action; and ‘‘(iii) identifies any such recommendations that do require congressional action. ‘‘(B) REVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after re-ceiving the report under subparagraph (A), the National Advisory Council shall begin a review of the report. The National Advisory Council may ask for additional clarification, changes, or other information from the RESPONSE Sub-committee to assist in the approval of the rec-ommendations. ‘‘(C) R
ECOMMENDATION .—Once the National Advisory Council approves the recommendations of the RESPONSE Subcommittee, the National Advisory Council shall submit the report to— ‘‘(i) the co-chairpersons of the RESPONSE Subcommittee; ‘‘(ii) the head of each other agency rep-resented on the RESPONSE Subcommittee; ‘‘(iii) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(iv) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; ‘‘(v) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(vi) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(8) I
NTERIM ACTIVITY .— ‘‘(A) U
PDATES AND OVERSIGHT .—After the sub-mission of the report by the National Advisory Council under paragraph (7), the Administrator shall— ‘‘(i) provide annual updates to the congres-sional committees referred to in paragraph (7)(C) regarding the status of the implementa-tion of the recommendations developed under paragraph (6); and ‘‘(ii) coordinate the implementation of the rec-ommendations described in paragraph (6)(G)(i), as appropriate. ‘‘(B) S
UNSET .—The requirements of subpara-graph (A) shall terminate on the date that is 2 years after the date of the submission of the re-port required under paragraph (7)(A). ‘‘(9) T
ERMINATION .—The RESPONSE Sub-committee shall terminate not later than 90 days after the submission of the report required under paragraph (7)(C).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APU-
ANO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on S. 546, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, rail safety is critical to the transport of goods and services throughout our country. As chairman of the Railroads, Pipelines, and Haz-ardous Materials Subcommittee, I have consistently worked to improve the safety of transporting hazardous mate-rials by rail, especially crude by rail. In the Passenger Rail Reform and In-vestment Act of 2015, and later in the FAST Act, Congress required response plans and adopted strong national standards for transporting hazardous materials by rail. Additionally, the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee has held several hearings at both the full committee and sub-committee level to examine how Con-gress can improve upon what is already a very safe rail network. I personally have facilitated training for dozens of first responders in my dis-trict to ensure they are prepared to re-spond in the unlikely event of an acci-dent involving hazardous materials transported by rail. Recently, I trav-eled with my good friends, Ranking Member CAPUANO and Congressman F
ARENTHOLD , to Colorado and the Transportation Technology Center to see how the first responder community trains for tank car accidents and the investments our Nation’s freight rail-road are making to build a safer net-work. The bill before us today is an exten-sion of these efforts to build and ad-vance rail safety across our Nation. The RESPONSE Act tasks both gov-ernment and nongovernmental experts to develop recommendations improving emergency responder training for haz-ardous materials incidents involving rail. It requires the evaluation of a num-ber of issues related to rail hazmat in-cidents, including the quality and ap-plication of training for local emer-gency first responders. Additionally, it looks at overlap in training and ways to modernize training for emergency responders, especially those in small communities near railroads. This bill will further improve rail safety and enhance responses to rail hazmat incidents. I saw how important this hands-on training can be in Au-gust at the Transportation Technology Center in Pueblo. I believe that this bill will build upon the safety of our rail network in communities like mine. Again, I want to thank the chairman, Mr. K
IND, and Senator H EITKAMP for working on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill as well. I want to thank Ranking Member D
ENHAM , Chairman S HUSTER , and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO for tak-ing the lead on this bill. Very simply, this is the simplest bill in the world, to be perfectly honest. It gets all the stakeholders together to simply take a look at the current re-sponses we have when there is a dis-aster relative to rail accidents. It gets them all in one room to take a look at best practices to figure out what they can do better and to see if resources are allocated well. It is not just Washington insiders. It includes people from the rail industry, people from the labor community, and people from the public safety community at local and State levels. It gets every-body at the table to do things that Congress is not equipped to do appro-priately. We are not the safety experts; they are. There is a time limit. This is not one of those endless committees that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.007 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6321 November 29, 2016 
going to sit there forever. For 1 year, they get together, work it out amongst themselves, and come back with rec-ommendations to us so that we can do our job well, which is to support the people actually suppressing these fires and maintaining the safety of our com-munities. Again, I rise in support of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, this is a great bill. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 546, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FRED D. THOMPSON FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6135) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 719 Church Street in Nash-ville, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Fred D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6135 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION. 
The Federal building and United States courthouse located at 719 Church Street in Nashville, Tennessee, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Fred D. Thompson Fed-eral Building and United States Court-house’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES. 
Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building and United States courthouse referred to in sec-tion 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Fred D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APU-
ANO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 6135. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6135 would des-ignate the Federal building and United States courthouse at 719 Church Street in Nashville, Tennessee, as the Fred D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Courthouse. I would like to thank the gentle-woman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK -
BURN ) for her leadership on this legisla-tion. Senator Thompson was an accom-plished lawyer, actor, U.S. Senator, and a great friend. We spent numerous occasions together here in the Wash-ington, D.C., area as he got to know new Members when we came in 2010. I have appreciated his counsel, his friendship, and I look forward to seeing this bill passed. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ). Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to rise on this occasion to have the courthouse in Nashville named for a distinguished American, a friend of mine, Senator Fred Thompson, who is the only University of Memphis grad-uate to serve in the United States Sen-ate. Fred was an outstanding attorney and Federal employee. He made Ten-nessee proud when he was counsel to the Watergate Committee. In a phe-nomenal fashion, he gave people a good feeling about bipartisanship when a Re-publican such as Fred Thompson stood up and raised the questions that needed to be raised to end the illegal and crime-ridden episodes of Richard Nixon that were exposed in Watergate. Despite the fact that Richard Nixon was a Republican, Fred Thompson saw to it that when the President acted in an untowardly fashion, diminishing the Constitution, diminishing our govern-ment, all Americans should stand up and oppose such. Fred did it in an ad-miral way, and Richard Nixon resigned eventually, and Gerald Ford helped save our country. Vice Presidents can do that. Fred served as an Assistant U.S. At-torney. He was a mentee of Senator Howard Baker, a great Member of the United States Senate and a great American. He was also a private-prac-ticing attorney who had a case con-cerning pardons. It was a Democrat was doing things that were illegal. Ray Blanton from Tennessee was giving pardons that were improper. Marie Ragghianti stepped forward. Fred Thompson wrote a book about Marie exposing illegal pardons. Some-body who did the script thought Fred could make a good actor. And Fred made a good actor. He did a lot of TV series and movies and had another ca-reer besides politician and lawyer: actor. He came to Memphis one time, I re-member specifically, to speak to the Chamber. And he had a droll way about him. He said—and I guess he said it other places, as well—sometimes when I am in Washington, I miss the reality and the sincerity of Hollywood. Well, I laughed when Fred said it. I think about it often here. When he ran for office, Fred took a little red truck and used it to cam-paign. He drove that truck around the State. People identified with it. He was ahead of his time. It was kind of like Donald Trump eating McDonald’s, I think. He related to the common man with that truck. I thought about Fred as I was flying up here. I just did get here in time. I was on one of the last of those regional jets, which was kind of like Fred’s truck with wings on it. But we made it. I want to thank Fred Thompson for all he did as an attorney, as an actor, and as a friend to me. He was bipar-tisan. He was always friendly to me. He was a courteous gentleman. I came here when Fred won the Na-tional Conference of State Legislatures Award for looking out for States’ rights. He was the only member of the Senate to vote on a bill that the NCSL was in favor of. And he was right. There was a province that belonged to the States that the Federal Govern-ment usurped because it was so won-derful to do and sets good brownie points back home. But Fred didn’t do that. He stayed with his position that States’ rights should be first and those areas of tort liability should have re-mained with the States. I came to see Fred get that award. Fred had a wonderful wife and a won-derful family. One of his sons was a good friend of my mine. He still is. I am honored to be a sponsor of this bill. I am sorry that Fred left us, suc-cumbing to cancer last year, but it is appropriate that we name the U.S. courthouse and Federal building in Nashville after this great American. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ). Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from California for his work in moving this legislation forward and also my col-league from Tennessee for joining me on this bill. It is such an honor to bring it forward and to push for the naming of the Federal courthouse in Nashville as the Fred D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Court-house. You know, it is so interesting. Fred learned a lot about life and about the law working in the current Federal building. As that building has been outgrown and the need for a new one is in the works, it is so exciting to know that Fred’s name will be emblazoned on that building. It is exciting for all of the residents of Lawrence County, Ten-nessee. That is where Fred grew up. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.013 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6322 November 29, 2016 
That is in the Seventh Congressional District. Then, as Fred decided to go to law school and came back to Nashville, he settled in Williamson County, right there in Franklin and Brentwood in suburban Nashville. And that is where I got to know the Thompson family. b1530 I know this is a very exciting day for them, to know that this is actually taking place, that the House is com-pleting their work and we are sending this on to the Senate for Senators C
ORKER and A LEXANDER to do their part of the work on this building. Many people did know Fred Thomp-son as an actor, and one of the things you would hear people talk about is Fred was a ‘‘character actor.’’ But that unassuming manner, the way he valued and embodied integrity, that was just Fred. That was how he lived his life, and he was a great ‘‘character actor’’ because he really played himself. Whether it was ‘‘Marie,’’ whether it was the ‘‘Hunt for Red October,’’ whether you were watching him on the small screen or the big screen, he was exactly who he appeared to be, very un-assuming, very dedicated, very smart, and a wonderful attorney. Of course, his public service did start as an Assistant U.S. Attorney in Nash-ville in the old Federal courthouse, and that did grow. The Watergate Com-mittee, as Congressman C
OHEN has mentioned, was where Fred really made a mark and where he became ex-tremely close to Senator Howard Baker, who was such a role model for so many generations of Tennesseans and Americans. How exciting it would be for Senator Baker to be here to know Fred’s name was going to be on that courthouse in Nashville. This is the right move for the right person. I encourage all of my col-leagues to join in passage of this legis-lation. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, given Senator Thompson’s dedication to the law and public service, I believe it is more than fitting to name this court-house and Federal building in Nashville after him. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6135. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 29, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 29, 2016, at 1:48 p.m.: That the Senate passed S. 2873. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
JUSTICE FOR ALL REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2577) to protect crime victims’ rights, to eliminate the substantial backlog of DNA and other forensic evi-dence samples to improve and expand the forensic science testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime labora-tories, to increase research and devel-opment of new testing technologies, to develop new training programs regard-ing the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide post-conviction testing of DNA evidence to exonerate the innocent, to support accreditation efforts of forensic science laboratories and medical examiner offices, to ad-dress training and equipment needs, to improve the performance of counsel in State capital cases, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2577 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. CRIME VICTIMS’ RIGHTS. 
(a) R ESTITUTION DURING SUPERVISED RE-
LEASE .—Section 3583(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended in the first sentence by inserting ‘‘, that the defendant make res-titution in accordance with sections 3663 and 3663A, or any other statute authorizing a sentence of restitution,’’ after ‘‘supervision’’. (b) C
OLLECTION OF RESTITUTION FROM DE-
FENDANT ’SESTATE .—Section 3613(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The liability to pay restitution shall terminate on the date that is the later of 20 years from the entry of judgment or 20 years after the release from imprisonment of the person ordered to pay restitution. In the event of the death of the person ordered to pay restitution, the indi-vidual’s estate will be held responsible for any unpaid balance of the restitution amount, and the lien provided in subsection (c) of this section shall continue until the es-tate receives a written release of that liabil-ity.’’. (c) V
ICTIM INTERPRETERS .—Rule 28 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure is amended in the first sentence by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including an interpreter for the victim’’. (d) GAO S
TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— (A) conduct a study to determine whether enhancing the restitution provisions under sections 3663 and 3663A of title 18, United States Code, to provide courts broader au-thority to award restitution for Federal of-fenses would be beneficial to crime victims and what other factors Congress should con-sider in weighing such changes; and (B) submit to Congress a report on the study conducted under subparagraph (A). (2) CONTENTS .—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall focus on the benefits to crime victims that would result if the restitution provi-sions under sections 3663 and 3663A of title 18, United States Code, were expanded— (A) to apply to victims who have suffered harm, injury, or loss that would not have oc-curred but for the defendant’s related con-duct; (B) in the case of an offense resulting in bodily injury resulting in the victim’s death, to allow the court to use its discretion to award an appropriate sum to reflect the in-come lost by the victim’s surviving family members or estate as a result of the victim’s death; (C) to require that the defendant pay to the victim an amount determined by the court to restore the victim to the position he or she would have been in had the defendant not committed the offense; and (D) to require that the defendant com-pensate the victim for any injury, harm, or loss, including emotional distress, that oc-curred as a result of the offense. 
SEC. 3. REDUCING THE RAPE KIT BACKLOG. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amounts made available to the Attorney General for a DNA Analysis and capacity enhancement program and for other local, State, and Federal foren-sic activities under the heading ‘‘
STATE AND  
LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT ’’ under the heading ‘‘O
FFICE OF JUSTICE PROGRAMS ’’ under the heading ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE’’ in fiscal years 2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021— (1) not less than 75 percent of such amounts shall be provided for grants for ac-tivities described under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 2(a) of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 14135(a)); and (2) not less than 5 percent of such amounts shall be provided for grants for law enforce-ment agencies to conduct audits of their backlogged rape kits under section 2(a)(7) of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 14135(a)(7)) to create and op-erate associated tracking systems and to prioritize testing in those cases in which the statute of limitation will soon expire. (b) R
EPORTING .— (1) R
EPORT BY GRANT RECIPIENTS .—With re- spect to amounts made available to the At-torney General for a DNA Analysis and ca-pacity enhancement program and for other local, State, and Federal forensic activities under the heading ‘‘
STATE AND LOCAL LAW EN -
FORCEMENT ’’ under the heading ‘‘O FFICE OF  J
USTICE PROGRAMS ’’ under the heading ‘‘DE-PARTMENT OF JUSTICE’’, the Attorney General shall require recipients of the amounts to report on the effectiveness of the activities carried out using the amounts, in-cluding any information the Attorney Gen-eral needs in order to submit the report re-quired under paragraph (2). (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 month after the last day of each even-num-bered fiscal year, the Attorney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives a report that includes, for each recipient of amounts described in paragraph (1)— (A) the amounts distributed to the recipi-ent; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.015 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6323 November 29, 2016 
(B) a summary of the purposes for which the amounts were used and an evaluation of the progress of the recipient in achieving those purposes; (C) a statistical summary of the crime scene samples and arrestee or offender sam-ples submitted to laboratories, the average time between the submission of a sample to a laboratory and the testing of the sample, and the percentage of the amounts that were paid to private laboratories; and (D) an evaluation of the effectiveness of the grant amounts in increasing capacity and reducing backlogs. 
SEC. 4. SEXUAL ASSAULT NURSE EXAMINERS. 
Section 304 of the DNA Sexual Assault Jus-tice Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136a) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) P
REFERENCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In reviewing applica-tions submitted in accordance with a pro-gram authorized, in whole or in part, by this section, the Attorney General shall give preference to any eligible entity that cer-tifies that the entity will use the grant funds to— ‘‘(A) improve forensic nurse examiner pro-grams in a rural area or for an underserved population, as those terms are defined in sec-tion 4002 of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13925); ‘‘(B) engage in activities that will assist in the employment of full-time forensic nurse examiners to conduct activities under sub-section (a); or ‘‘(C) sustain or establish a training pro-gram for forensic nurse examiners. ‘‘(2) D
IRECTIVE TO THE ATTORNEY GEN -
ERAL .—Not later than the beginning of fiscal year 2018, the Attorney General shall coordi-nate with the Secretary of Health and Human Services to inform Federally Quali-fied Health Centers, Community Health Cen-ters, hospitals, colleges and universities, and other appropriate health-related entities about the role of forensic nurses and existing resources available within the Department of Justice and the Department of Health and Human Services to train or employ forensic nurses to address the needs of communities dealing with sexual assault, domestic vio-lence, and elder abuse. The Attorney General shall collaborate on this effort with non-governmental organizations representing fo-rensic nurses.’’. 
SEC. 5. PROTECTING THE VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN ACT. 
Section 8(e)(1)(A) of the Prison Rape Elimi-nation Act of 2003 (42 U.S.C. 15607(e)(1)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (ii), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the program is not administered by the Office on Violence Against Women of the Department of Justice.’’. 
SEC. 6. CLARIFICATION OF VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN ACT HOUSING PROTEC-TIONS. 
Section 41411(b)(3)(B)(ii) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14043e– 11(b)(3)(B)(ii)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or resident’’ after ‘‘any remaining tenant’’; and (2) in the second sentence, by inserting ‘‘or resident’’ after ‘‘tenant’’ each place it ap-pears. 
SEC. 7. STRENGTHENING THE PRISON RAPE ELIMINATION ACT. 
The Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 (42 U.S.C. 15601 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 6(d)(2) (42 U.S.C. 15605(d)(2)), by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A)(i) include the certification of the chief executive that the State receiving such grant has adopted all national prison rape standards that, as of the date on which the application was submitted, have been pro-mulgated under this Act; or ‘‘(ii) demonstrate to the Attorney General, in such manner as the Attorney General shall require, that the State receiving such grant is actively working to adopt and achieve full compliance with the national prison rape standards described in clause (i);’’; and (2) in section 8(e) (42 U.S.C. 15607(e))— (A) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) ADOPTION OF NATIONAL STANDARDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, any amount that a State would otherwise re-ceive for prison purposes for that fiscal year under a grant program covered by this sub-section shall be reduced by 5 percent, unless the chief executive officer of the State sub-mits to the Attorney General proof of com-pliance with this Act through— ‘‘(i) a certification that the State has adopted, and is in full compliance with, the national standards described in subsection (a); or ‘‘(ii) an assurance that the State intends to adopt and achieve full compliance with those national standards so as to ensure that a cer-tification under clause (i) may be submitted in future years, which includes— ‘‘(I) a commitment that not less than 5 percent of such amount shall be used for this purpose; or ‘‘(II) a request that the Attorney General hold 5 percent of such amount in abeyance pursuant to the requirements of subpara-graph (E). ‘‘(B) R
ULES FOR CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A chief executive officer of a State who submits a certification under this paragraph shall also provide the Attor-ney General with— ‘‘(I) a list of the prisons under the oper-ational control of the executive branch of the State; ‘‘(II) a list of the prisons listed under sub-clause (I) that were audited during the most recently concluded audit year; ‘‘(III) all final audit reports for prisons listed under subclause (I) that were com-pleted during the most recently concluded audit year; and ‘‘(IV) a proposed schedule for completing an audit of all the prisons listed under sub-clause (I) during the following 3 audit years. ‘‘(ii) A
UDIT APPEAL EXCEPTION .—Beginning on the date that is 3 years after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthor-ization Act of 2016, a chief executive officer of a State may submit a certification that the State is in full compliance pursuant to subparagraph (A)(i) even if a prison under the operational control of the executive branch of the State has an audit appeal pending. ‘‘(C) R
ULES FOR ASSURANCES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A chief executive officer of a State who submits an assurance under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall also provide the Attorney General with— ‘‘(I) a list of the prisons under the oper-ational control of the executive branch of the State; ‘‘(II) a list of the prisons listed under sub-clause (I) that were audited during the most recently concluded audit year; ‘‘(III) an explanation of any barriers the State faces to completing required audits; ‘‘(IV) all final audit reports for prisons list-ed under subclause (I) that were completed during the most recently concluded audit year; ‘‘(V) a proposed schedule for completing an audit of all prisons under the operational control of the executive branch of the State during the following 3 audit years; and ‘‘(VI) an explanation of the State’s current degree of implementation of the national standards. ‘‘(ii) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENT .—A chief ex-ecutive officer of a State who submits an as-surance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(I) shall, before receiving the applicable funds de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii)(I), also pro-vide the Attorney General with a proposed plan for the expenditure of the funds during the applicable grant period. ‘‘(iii) A
CCOUNTING OF FUNDS .—A chief exec-utive officer of a State who submits an as-surance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(I) shall, in a manner consistent with the applicable grant reporting requirements, submit to the Attorney General a detailed accounting of how the funds described in subparagraph (A) were used. ‘‘(D) S
UNSET OF ASSURANCE OPTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—On the date that is 3 years after the date of enactment of the Jus-tice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, sub-clause (II) of subparagraph (A)(ii) shall cease to have effect. ‘‘(ii) A
DDITIONAL SUNSET .—On the date that is 6 years after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, clause (ii) of subparagraph (A) shall cease to have effect. ‘‘(iii) E
MERGENCY ASSURANCES .— ‘‘(I) R
EQUEST .—Notwithstanding clause (ii), during the 2-year period beginning 6 years after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, a chief exec-utive officer of a State who certifies that the State has audited not less than 90 percent of prisons under the operational control of the executive branch of the State may request that the Attorney General allow the chief executive officer to submit an emergency as-surance in accordance with subparagraph (A)(ii) as in effect on the day before the date on which that subparagraph ceased to have effect under clause (ii) of this subparagraph. ‘‘(II) G
RANT OF REQUEST .—The Attorney General shall grant a request submitted under subclause (I) within 60 days upon a showing of good cause. ‘‘(E) D
ISPOSITION OF FUNDS HELD IN ABEY -
ANCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If the chief executive of-ficer of a State who has submitted an assur-ance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) subse-quently submits a certification under sub-paragraph (A)(i) during the 3-year period be-ginning on the date of enactment of the Jus-tice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, the Attorney General will release all funds held in abeyance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) to be used by the State in accordance with the conditions of the grant program for which the funds were provided. ‘‘(ii) R
ELEASE OF FUNDS .—If the chief exec-utive officer of a State who has submitted an assurance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) is unable to submit a certification during the 3- year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, but does assure the Attorney General that 
2⁄3of prisons under the oper-ational control of the executive branch of the State have been audited at least once, the Attorney General shall release all of the funds of the State held in abeyance to be used in adopting and achieving full compli-ance with the national standards, if the State agrees to comply with the applicable requirements in clauses (ii) and (iii) of sub-paragraph (C). ‘‘(iii) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .—If the chief executive officer of a State who has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.010 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6324 November 29, 2016 
submitted an assurance under subparagraph (A)(ii)(II) is unable to submit a certification during the 3-year period beginning on the date of enactment of the Justice for All Re-authorization Act of 2016 and does not assure the Attorney General that 
2⁄3of prisons under the operational control of the execu-tive branch of the State have been audited at least once, the Attorney General shall redis-tribute the funds of the State held in abey-ance to other States to be used in accordance with the conditions of the grant program for which the funds were provided. ‘‘(F) P
UBLICATION OF AUDIT RESULTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, the Attorney General shall request from each State, and make available on an appropriate Internet website, all final audit reports completed to date for prisons under the operational control of the executive branch of each State. The Attorney General shall update such website annually with re-ports received from States under subpara-graphs (B)(i) and (C)(i). ‘‘(G) R
EPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF NA -
TIONAL STANDARDS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, the Attor-ney General shall issue a report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on the status of imple-mentation of the national standards and the steps the Department, in conjunction with the States and other key stakeholders, is taking to address any unresolved implemen-tation issues.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS FOR AUDITORS .— An individual seeking certification by the Department of Justice to serve as an auditor of prison compliance with the national standards described in subsection (a) shall, upon request, submit fingerprints in the manner determined by the Attorney General for criminal history record checks of the ap-plicable State and Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation repositories.’’. 
SEC. 8. ADDITIONAL REAUTHORIZATIONS. 
(a) DNA R ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .— Section 305(c) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136b(c)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. (b) FBI DNA P
ROGRAMS .—Section 307(a) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–405; 118 Stat. 2275) is amended by striking ‘‘$42,100,000 for each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,400,000 for fiscal year 2017 and $10,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2018 through 2021’’. (c) DNA I
DENTIFICATION OF MISSING PER-
SONS.—Section 308(c) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136d(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 9. PAUL COVERDELL FORENSIC SCIENCES IMPROVEMENT GRANTS. 
(a) G RANTS .—Part BB of title I of the Om-nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797j) is amended— (1) in section 2802(2) (42 U.S.C. 3797k(2)), by inserting after ‘‘bodies’’ the following: ‘‘and, except with regard to any medical exam-iner’s office, or coroner’s office in the State, is accredited by an accrediting body that is a signatory to an internationally recognized arrangement and that offers accreditation to forensic science conformity assessment bod-ies using an accreditation standard that is recognized by that internationally recog-nized arrangement, or attests, in a manner that is legally binding and enforceable, to use a portion of the grant amount to prepare and apply for such accreditation not more than 2 years after the date on which a grant is awarded under section 2801’’; (2) in section 2803(a) (42 U.S.C. 3797l(a))— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Seventy-five percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Eighty-five percent’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘75 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘85 percent’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Twenty- five percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Fifteen per-cent’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘0.6 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘1 percent’’; (3) in section 2804(a) (42 U.S.C. 3797m(a))— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘impression evidence,’’ after ‘‘latent prints,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘digital evidence, fire evi-dence,’’ after ‘‘toxicology,’’; (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and medicolegal death investigators’’ after ‘‘lab-oratory personnel’’; and (C) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(4) To address emerging forensic science issues (such as statistics, contextual bias, and uncertainty of measurement) and emerg-ing forensic science technology (such as high throughput automation, statistical software, and new types of instrumentation). ‘‘(5) To educate and train forensic patholo-gists. ‘‘(6) To fund medicolegal death investiga-tion systems to facilitate accreditation of medical examiner and coroner offices and certification of medicolegal death investiga-tors.’’; and (4) in section 2806(a) (42 U.S.C. 3797o(a))— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) the progress of any unaccredited foren-sic science service provider receiving grant funds toward obtaining accreditation; and’’. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 1001(a)(24) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3793(a)(24)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (I), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) $13,500,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(K) $18,500,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(L) $19,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(M) $21,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(N) $23,000,000 for fiscal year 2021.’’. 
SEC. 10. IMPROVING THE QUALITY OF REP-RESENTATION IN STATE CAPITAL CASES. 
Section 426 of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14163e) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘$75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting: ‘‘(1) $2,500,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(2) $7,500,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(3) $12,500,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(4) $17,500,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(5) $22,500,000 for fiscal year 2021.’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, or upon a showing of good cause, and at the dis-cretion of the Attorney General, the State may determine a fair allocation of funds across the uses described in sections 421 and 422’’. 
SEC. 11. POST-CONVICTION DNA TESTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3600 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘under a sentence of’’ in each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sen-tenced to’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘death’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘and the applicant did not—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘knowingly fail to request’’ and in-serting ‘‘and the applicant did not knowingly fail to request’’; (3) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) order the Government to— ‘‘(i) prepare an inventory of the evidence related to the case; and ‘‘(ii) issue a copy of the inventory to the court, the applicant, and the Government.’’; (4) in subsection (e)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) RESULTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The results of any DNA testing ordered under this section shall be si-multaneously disclosed to the court, the ap-plicant, and the Government. ‘‘(B) R
ESULTS EXCLUDE APPLICANT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If a DNA profile is ob-tained through testing that excludes the ap-plicant as the source and the DNA complies with the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s requirements for the uploading of crime scene profiles to the National DNA Index System (referred to in this subsection as ‘NDIS’), the court shall order that the law enforcement entity with direct or conveyed statutory jurisdiction that has access to the NDIS submit the DNA profile obtained from probative biological material from crime scene evidence to determine whether the DNA profile matches a profile of a known in-dividual or a profile from an unsolved crime. ‘‘(ii) NDIS 
SEARCH .—The results of a search under clause (i) shall be simultaneously dis-closed to the court, the applicant, and the Government.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Na-tional DNA Index System (referred to in this subsection as ‘NDIS’)’’ and inserting ‘‘NDIS’’; and (5) in subsection (g)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘death’’. (b) P
RESERVATION OF BIOLOGICAL EVI-
DENCE .—Section 3600A of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘under a sentence of’’ and inserting ‘‘sentenced to’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respec-tively. 
SEC. 12. KIRK BLOODSWORTH POST-CONVICTION DNA TESTING PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 413 of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136 note) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) for eligible entities that are a State or unit of local government, provide a certifi-cation by the chief legal officer of the State in which the eligible entity operates or the chief legal officer of the jurisdiction in which the funds will be used for the purposes of the grants, that the State or jurisdic-tion— ‘‘(A) provides DNA testing of specified evi-dence under a State statute or a State or local rule or regulation to persons sentenced to imprisonment or death for a State felony offense, in a manner intended to ensure a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.010 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6325 November 29, 2016 
reasonable process for resolving claims of ac-tual innocence that ensures post-conviction DNA testing in at least those cases that would be covered by section 3600(a) of title 18, United States Code, had they been Fed-eral cases and, if the results of the testing exclude the applicant as the source of the DNA, permits the applicant to apply for post-conviction relief, notwithstanding any provision of law that would otherwise bar the application as untimely; and ‘‘(B) preserves biological evidence, as de-fined in section 3600A of title 18, United States Code, under a State statute or a State or local rule, regulation, or practice in a manner intended to ensure that reasonable measures are taken by the State or jurisdic-tion to preserve biological evidence secured in relation to the investigation or prosecu-tion of, at a minimum, murder, nonnegligent manslaughter and sexual offenses.’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 412(b) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 14136e(b)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 13. ESTABLISHMENT OF BEST PRACTICES FOR EVIDENCE RETENTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title IV of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–405; 118 Stat. 2278) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 414. ESTABLISHMENT OF BEST PRACTICES FOR EVIDENCE RETENTION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Na-tional Institute of Justice, in consultation with Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment agencies and government laboratories, shall— ‘‘(1) establish best practices for evidence retention to focus on the preservation of fo-rensic evidence; and ‘‘(2) assist State, local, and tribal govern-ments in adopting and implementing the best practices established under paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Di-rector of the National Institute of Justice shall publish the best practices established under subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to require or obligate compliance with the best practices estab-lished under subsection (a)(1).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–405; 118 Stat. 2260) is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 413 the following: ‘‘Sec. 414. Establishment of best practices for evidence retention.’’. 
SEC. 14. EFFECTIVE ADMINISTRATION OF CRIMI-NAL JUSTICE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Effective Administration of Criminal Justice Act of 2016’’. (b) S
TRATEGIC PLANNING .—Section 502 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3752) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(
A) INGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘To request a grant’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) A comprehensive Statewide plan de-tailing how grants received under this sec-tion will be used to improve the administra-tion of the criminal justice system, which shall— ‘‘(A) be designed in consultation with local governments, and representatives of all seg-ments of the criminal justice system, includ-ing judges, prosecutors, law enforcement per-sonnel, corrections personnel, and providers of indigent defense services, victim services, juvenile justice delinquency prevention pro-grams, community corrections, and reentry services; ‘‘(B) include a description of how the State will allocate funding within and among each of the uses described in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of section 501(a)(1); ‘‘(C) describe the process used by the State for gathering evidence-based data and devel-oping and using evidence-based and evidence- gathering approaches in support of funding decisions; ‘‘(D) describe the barriers at the State and local level for accessing data and imple-menting evidence-based approaches to pre-venting and reducing crime and recidivism; and ‘‘(E) be updated every 5 years, with annual progress reports that— ‘‘(i) address changing circumstances in the State, if any; ‘‘(ii) describe how the State plans to adjust funding within and among each of the uses described in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of section 501(a)(1); ‘‘(iii) provide an ongoing assessment of need; ‘‘(iv) discuss the accomplishment of goals identified in any plan previously prepared under this paragraph; and ‘‘(v) reflect how the plan influenced fund-ing decisions in the previous year. ‘‘(b) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) S
TRATEGIC PLANNING .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attorney General shall begin to provide technical assistance to States and local governments requesting support to de-velop and implement the strategic plan re-quired under subsection (a)(6). The Attorney General may enter into agreements with 1 or more non-governmental organizations to provide technical assistance and training under this paragraph. ‘‘(2) P
ROTECTION OF CONSTITUTIONAL  
RIGHTS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the At-torney General shall begin to provide tech-nical assistance to States and local govern-ments, including any agent thereof with re-sponsibility for administration of justice, re-questing support to meet the obligations es-tablished by the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, which shall include— ‘‘(A) public dissemination of practices, structures, or models for the administration of justice consistent with the requirements of the Sixth Amendment; and ‘‘(B) assistance with adopting and imple-menting a system for the administration of justice consistent with the requirements of the Sixth Amendment. ‘‘(3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— For each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021, of the amounts appropriated to carry out this subpart, not less than $5,000,000 and not more than $10,000,000 shall be used to carry out this subsection.’’. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—The requirement to submit a strategic plan under section 501(a)(6) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as added by subsection (b), shall apply to any application submitted under such section 501 for a grant for any fiscal year beginning after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 15. OVERSIGHT AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
All grants awarded by the Department of Justice that are authorized under this Act shall be subject to the following: (1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .—Beginning in fis-cal year 2016, and each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants under this Act to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall determine the appro-priate number of grantees to be audited each year. (2) MANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of grant funds under this Act that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this Act during the 2 fiscal years beginning after the 12-month period described in paragraph (5). (3) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this Act, the Attorney General shall give pri-ority to eligible entities that, during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an application for a grant under this Act, did not have an unresolved audit finding showing a violation in the terms or conditions of a Department of Justice grant program. (4) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is award-ed grant funds under this Act during the 2- fiscal-year period in which the entity is barred from receiving grants under para-graph (2), the Attorney General shall— (A) deposit an amount equal to the grant funds that were improperly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treas-ury; and (B) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. (5) D
EFINED TERM .—In this section, the term ‘‘unresolved audit finding’’ means an audit report finding in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that the grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or resolved within a 12-month period begin-ning on the date when the final audit report is issued. (6) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (A) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-tion and the grant programs described in this Act, the term ‘‘nonprofit organization’’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. (B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General shall not award a grant under any grant pro-gram described in this Act to a nonprofit or-ganization that holds money in offshore ac-counts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organiza-tion that is awarded a grant under a grant program described in this Act and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to cre-ate a rebuttable presumption of reasonable-ness for the compensation of its officers, di-rectors, trustees and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the ap-plication for the grant, the process for deter-mining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensation, the com-parability data used, and contemporaneous substantiation of the deliberation and deci-sion. Upon request, the Attorney General shall make the information disclosed under this subsection available for public inspec-tion. (7) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Unless oth-erwise explicitly provided in authorizing leg-islation, not more than 7.5 percent of the amounts authorized to be appropriated under this Act may be used by the Attorney Gen-eral for salaries and administrative expenses of the Department of Justice. (8) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— (A) L
IMITATION .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Justice under this Act may be used by the Attorney General or by any individual or organization awarded discretionary funds through a coop-erative agreement under this Act, to host or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.010 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6326 November 29, 2016 
support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in Department funds, unless the Deputy Attorney General or the appropriate Assistant Attorney General, Di-rector, or principal deputy as the Deputy At-torney General may designate, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host a conference. (B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written approval under subparagraph (A) shall include a writ-ten estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food and beverages, audio/visual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and any entertainment. (C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney General shall submit an annual report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expendi-tures approved by operation of this para-graph. (9) P
ROHIBITION ON LOBBYING ACTIVITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts authorized to be appropriated under this Act may not be uti-lized by any grant recipient to— (i) lobby any representative of the Depart-ment of Justice regarding the award of grant funding; or (ii) lobby any representative of a Federal, State, local, or tribal government regarding the award of grant funding. (B) P
ENALTY .—If the Attorney General de-termines that any recipient of a grant under this Act has violated subparagraph (A), the Attorney General shall— (i) require the grant recipient to repay the grant in full; and (ii) prohibit the grant recipient from re-ceiving another grant under this Act for not less than 5 years. (10) P
REVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney Gen-eral awards a grant to an applicant under this Act, the Attorney General shall com-pare potential grant awards with other grants awarded under this Act to determine whether duplicate grants are awarded for the same purpose. (B) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General awards duplicate grants to the same appli-cant for the same purpose, the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report that includes— (i) a list of all duplicate grants awarded, including the total dollar amount of any du-plicate grants awarded; and (ii) the reason the Attorney General awarded the duplicate grants. 
SEC. 16. NEEDS ASSESSMENT OF FORENSIC LAB-ORATORIES. 
(a) S TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than Oc-tober 1, 2018, the Attorney General shall con-duct a study and submit a report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on the status and needs of the forensic science community. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall— (1) examine the status of current workload, backlog, personnel, equipment, and equip-ment needs of public crime laboratories and medical examiner and coroner offices; (2) include an overview of academic foren-sic science resources and needs, from a broad forensic science perspective, including non-traditional crime laboratory disciplines such as forensic anthropology, forensic ento-mology, and others as determined appro-priate by the Attorney General; (3) consider— (A) the National Institute of Justice study, Forensic Sciences: Review of Status and Needs, published in 1999; (B) the Bureau of Justice Statistics census reports on Publicly Funded Forensic Crime Laboratories, published in 2002, 2005, 2009, and 2014; (C) the National Academy of Sciences re-port, Strengthening Forensic Science: A Path Forward, published in 2009; and (D) the Bureau of Justice Statistics survey of forensic providers recommended by the National Commission of Forensic Science and approved by the Attorney General on September 8, 2014; (4) provide Congress with a comprehensive view of the infrastructure, equipment, and personnel needs of the broad forensic science community; and (5) be made available to the public. SEC. 17. CRIME VICTIM ASSISTANCE. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 1404(c)(1)(A) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10603(c)(1)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘vic-tim services,’’ before ‘‘demonstration projects’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the proposed rule entitled ‘‘VOCA Victim Assistance Program’’ pub-lished by the Office of Victims of Crime of the Department of Justice in the Federal Register on August 27, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 52877), is consistent with section 1404 of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10603). 
SEC. 18. IMPROVING THE RESTITUTION PROCESS. 
Section 3612 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(j) E
VALUATION OF OFFICES OF THE UNITED  S
TATES ATTORNEY AND DEPARTMENT COMPO -
NENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General shall, as part of the regular evaluation proc-ess, evaluate each office of the United States attorney and each component of the Depart-ment of Justice on the performance of the of-fice or the component, as the case may be, in seeking and recovering restitution for vic-tims under each provision of this title and the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) that authorizes restitution. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—Following an evalua-tion under paragraph (1), each office of the United States attorney and each component of the Department of Justice shall work to improve the practices of the office or compo-nent, as the case may be, with respect to seeking and recovering restitution for vic-tims under each provision of this title and the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) that authorizes restitution. ‘‘(k) GAO R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare and submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate a report on restitution sought by the Attorney General under each provision of this title and the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) that authorizes res-titution during the 3-year period preceding the report. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include statistically valid estimates of— ‘‘(A) the number of cases in which a de-fendant was convicted and the Attorney Gen-eral could seek restitution under this title or the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.); ‘‘(B) the number of cases in which the At-torney General sought restitution; ‘‘(C) of the cases in which the Attorney General sought restitution, the number of times restitution was ordered by the district courts of the United States; ‘‘(D) the amount of restitution ordered by the district courts of the United States; ‘‘(E) the amount of restitution collected pursuant to the restitution orders described in subparagraph (D); ‘‘(F) the percentage of restitution orders for which the full amount of restitution has not been collected; and ‘‘(G) any other measurement the Comp-troller General determines would assist in evaluating how to improve the restitution process in Federal criminal cases. ‘‘(3) RECOMMENDATIONS .—The report re-quired under paragraph (1) shall include rec-ommendations on the best practices for— ‘‘(A) requesting restitution in cases in which restitution may be sought under each provision of this title and the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) that authorizes restitution; ‘‘(B) obtaining restitution orders from the district courts of the United States; and ‘‘(C) collecting restitution ordered by the district courts of the United States. ‘‘(4) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which the report required under paragraph (1) is submitted, the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare and submit to the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate a report on the implementation by the Attor-ney General of the best practices rec-ommended under paragraph (3).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on S. 2577, currently under consid-eration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. On October 30, 2004, President George W. Bush signed into law the Justice for All Act of 2004. The law contains four very important sections related to vic-tims of crime and improving the crimi-nal justice process. The law protects the rights of crime victims and elimi-nates the substantial backlog of DNA samples collected from both crime scenes and convicted offenders. It also improves and expands the DNA testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories. Finally, it establishes the rights of crime victims in Federal criminal pro-ceedings and provides mechanisms for enforcing these rights. The bill before us today, S. 2577, the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016, is a bipartisan and bicameral bill that builds on the 2004 Justice for All Act. It further improves the criminal justice system and ensures public con-fidence in it. It strengthens crime vic-tims’ rights and programs by increas-ing access to restitution for Federal crime victims. The act also further reduces the rape kit backlog and provides resources for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.010 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6327 November 29, 2016 
forensic labs while protecting the inno-cent by improving access to post-con-viction DNA testing. The Justice for All Act works to im-prove the administration of criminal justice programs by increasing ac-countability for Federal funds and re-quiring the Justice Department to as-sist State and local governments to im-prove their indigent defense systems. Additionally, it ensures the implemen-tation of the Prison Rape Elimination Act. I commend the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for his hard work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 2577, the Justice for All Reauthor-ization Act of 2016, and the complemen-tary House bill that was authored by my good friend and colleague from Texas (Mr. P
OE), and my good friend and colleague from California (Mr. C
OSTA )—this is an important bill—and, of course, my Senator from the State of Texas, Senator C
ORNYN . This bill now comes to the floor of the House as S. 2577. This bipartisan, bicameral legislation advances this Congress’ efforts to enhance and im-prove our Nation’s criminal justice sys-tem for victims, law enforcement, the courts, and innocent persons, while also fostering public trust and con-fidence in our criminal justice system. It also reinforces the important work that the House Judiciary Committee has been doing under Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE and Ranking Member C ONYERS . My greatest hope, as the ranking mem-ber on the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and In-vestigations, is that we can finish our work with the enormity of bills, sen-tencing reduction, prison reform, juve-nile justice reform. I would like to op-timistically think we might get these for the holiday season. S. 2577 would reauthorize and im-prove upon various programs that began with the initial passage of the appropriately named Justice for All Act. I was proud to support this groundbreaking legislation in 2004, leg-islation intended to protect all persons who find themselves involved with the criminal justice system, and instill ac-countability throughout that system. The programs we enacted in 2004 in-creased resources to boost the testing capabilities of forensic crime labora-tories and eliminate the backlog of DNA samples from sexual assaults, crime scenes, and convicted offenders. I know this firsthand because Harris County—a very large county; fifth in the Nation—experienced this calamity, along with the city of Houston, the fact that these kits and other DNA evi-dence just couldn’t seem to be tested expeditiously. It also enhanced protections for vic-tims of crimes, and established meas-ures to prevent and overturn wrongful convictions. The time has come to build upon the foundation we laid in 2004. Fairness and equal treatment under the law are two fundamental values of our Nation’s system of justice. When the innocent are jailed for decades for crimes they did not commit, when victims watch their attackers go free because the physical evidence was misplaced or never tested, or when overworked fo-rensic lab technicians provide false re-ports, the people’s trust and belief in the system is diminished. The bill we are considering today would strengthen crime victims’ rights, programs, and services. In addi-tion, it would further reduce the rape kit backlog, provide additional re-sources to forensic labs, improve access to post-conviction DNA testing, ensure implementation of the Prison Rape Elimination Act, and improve the over-all administration of criminal justice systems nationwide, including increas-ing accountability, transparency, effec-tiveness and fiscal efficiency. I hate having to give anecdotal sto-ries, but, unfortunately, again, in Har-ris County, thousands of pieces of evi-dence were lost when they were in the possession of one of our local law en-forcement structures. We have a lot of law enforcement layers. This happened to be a constable’s office. Mr. Speaker, you know how dam-aging and dangerous that is to victims’ rights, to criminal justice, to the Con-stitution. That is why this bill is so very important. Being the victim of a crime is a harrowing, disorienting ex-perience. We must do our best to erase or ease the suffering of victims and as-sist them as they work to rebuild their lives. Under S. 2577, housing rights for vic-tims of domestic violence would be ex-panded, and Violence Against Women Act funding would be protected from reductions due to Federal penalties. Other victim-centered programs would be reauthorized by this bill, including programs used to notify victims of their right to be heard in court, to offer victims legal assistance, and to provide interpreters for Federal crime victims who wish to participate in court proceedings. Additionally, the Government Ac-countability Office will be required to determine the potential benefits to crime victims, if any, by broadening the authority of Federal courts to award restitution. Our crime victims need relief. We need to give them hope and a sense that we care about them. The Attorney General will be re-quired to evaluate the effectiveness of the Justice Department components and U.S. Attorney Offices in pursuing and obtaining restitution for crime vic-tims. We all know DNA is a crucial ele-ment of many criminal cases, helping to identify suspects, perpetrators of crimes, and to exclude the innocent. This bill would ensure that victims of sexual assault receive essential serv-ices and are able to see their attackers brought to justice by renewing the DNA Backlog grant program and by ex-panding grants for forensic nurse ex-aminers, giving priority to hiring full- time forensic nurses, establishing pro-grams in rural and underserved areas, and training forensic nurses. b1545 Agencies across the country would realize further reductions in their rape kit backlogs because the Justice De-partment would be required, under this legislation, to use at least 75 percent of the funds made available for forensic testing for direct testing of crime scene evidence, including rape kits. Under this measure, Debbie Smith grant recipients would have to report on the achievement of activities con-ducted using grant funds. S. 2577 would require the Attorney General to report annually to Congress on how Debbie Smith grant funds are being used to improve DNA testing and reduce the backlogs. I know that my good friend CAROLYN  M
ALONEY has been involved in these issues as well. S. 2577 would reauthorize funding for several other DNA grant programs, in-cluding the Paul Coverdell Forensic Science Improvement Grant Program, which helps States and local govern-ments that need it greatly speak to the loss of thousands of pieces of evidence in a local law enforcement office. In that same vein, the Attorney Gen-eral would be required to conduct a needs assessment for State and local forensic science labs to better utilize Federal funding. This bill would also enhance protec-tions for the innocent by improving ac-cess to postconviction DNA testing, en-couraging States to test DNA evidence in criminal cases for which there is un-tested DNA evidence, expanding State access to postconviction DNA testing funds by narrowing the evidence pres-ervation requirement, and authorizing Federal postconviction DNA testing for individuals who can show exculpatory DNA evidence exists in their case de-spite having pled guilty. We have a responsibility to make this criminal justice system fit in the four corners of the Constitution. That includes due process as one of the ele-ments and certainly the response and caring of those individuals who have been victims. We have a responsibility to ensure the safe and humane treat-ment of individuals, even if they are convicted of crimes and in prison. Compliance with the Prison Rape Elimination Act would be an all-but- certain result of the incentive struc-ture set in S. 2577, which would require State and local governments to focus more resources on implementation of this legislation’s directives, which we really need, while allowing the flexi-bility necessary to reach full compli-ance. For example, States that receive Edward Byrne Memorial Justice As-sistance Grants would be required to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.019 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6328 November 29, 2016 
develop a strategic plan setting out how the grant money will be used. Finally, this bill includes various provisions to ensure Federal funds are used efficiently and effectively. I believe that this bill answers our concerns on the question of criminal justice reform and constitutional pro-tection for all. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 2577, the ‘‘Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016,’’ as amended. This bipartisan, bicameral legislation ad-vances this Congress’s efforts to enhance and improve our Nation’s criminal justice system for victims, law enforcement, the courts, and innocent persons, while also fostering public trust and confidence in our criminal justice system. S. 2577 would reauthorize and improve upon various programs that began with the ini-tial passage of the appropriately-named Jus-tice for All Act. I was proud to support this groundbreaking legislation in 2004—legislation intended to pro-tect all persons who find themselves involved with the criminal justice system and instill ac-countability throughout that system. The programs we enacted in 2004 in-creased resources to boost the testing capa-bilities of forensic crime laboratories and elimi-nate the backlog of DNA samples from sexual assaults, crime scenes, and convicted offend-ers. It also enhanced protections for victims of crimes and established measures to prevent and overturn wrongful convictions. The time has come to build upon the foun-dation we laid in 2004. Fairness and equal treatment under the law are two fundamental values of our Nation’s system of justice. When the innocent are jailed for decades for crimes they did not commit, when victims watch their attackers go free be-cause the physical evidence was misplaced or never tested, or when overworked forensic lab technicians provide false reports, the people’s trust and belief in the system is diminished. The bill we are considering today would strengthen crime victims’ rights, programs, and services. In addition, it would— further reduce the rape kit backlog; provide additional resources to forensic labs; improve access to post-conviction DNA test-ing; ensure implementation of the Prison Rape Elimination Act; and improve the overall administration of crimi-nal justice systems nationwide by increasing accountability, transparency, effectiveness, and fiscal efficiency. Being the victim of a crime is a harrowing, disorienting experience. We must do our best to ease the suffering of victims and assist them as they work to rebuild their lives. Under S. 2577, housing rights for victims of domestic violence would be expanded and Vi-olence Against Women Act funding would be protected from reductions due to federal pen-alties. Other victim-centered programs would be reauthorized by this bill, including programs used to notify victims of their right to be heard in court, to offer victims legal assistance, and to provide interpreters for federal crime victims who wish to participate in court proceedings. Additionally, the Government Accountability Office would be required to determine the po-tential benefits to crime victims, if any, by broadening the authority of federal courts to award restitution. And, the Attorney General would be re-quired to evaluate the effectiveness of Justice Department components and U.S. Attorney Offices in pursuing and obtaining restitution for crime victims. We all know DNA is a crucial element of many criminal cases, helping to identify sus-pects and perpetrators of crimes and exclude the innocent. This bill would ensure that victims of sexual assault receive essential services and are able to see their attackers brought to justice by re-newing the DNA Backlog Grant Program and expanding grants for forensic nurse exam-iners, giving priority to hiring full-time forensic nurses, establishing programs in rural and un-derserved areas, and training forensic nurses. Agencies across the country would realize further reductions in their rape kit backlogs be-cause the Justice Department would be re-quired under this legislation to use at least 75 percent of funds made available for forensic testing for direct testing of crime scene evi-dence, including rape kits. Under this measure, Debbie Smith Grant re-cipients would have to report on the achieve-ment of activities conducted using grant funds. S. 2577 would require the Attorney General to report annually to Congress on how Debbie Smith Grant funds are being used to improve DNA testing and reduce the backlogs. Further, S. 2577 would reauthorize funding for several other DNA grant programs, includ-ing the Paul Coverdell Forensic Sciences Im-provement Grant Program, which helps states and local governments improve the quality of forensic science services provided. In that same vein, the Attorney General would be required to conduct a needs assess-ment for state and local forensic science labs to better utilize federal funding. This bill would also enhance protections for the innocent by— improving access to post-conviction DNA testing; encouraging states to test DNA evidence in criminal cases for which there is untested DNA evidence; expanding state access to post-conviction DNA testing funds by narrowing the evidence preservation requirement; and authorizing federal post-conviction DNA test-ing for individuals who can show exculpatory DNA evidence exists in their case despite hav-ing pled guilty. We have a responsibility to ensure the safe and humane treatment of individuals even if they are convicted of crimes and sentenced to prison. Compliance with the Prison Rape Elimi-nation Act would be an all but certain result of the incentive structure set forth in S. 2577, which would require state and local govern-ments to focus more resources on implemen-tation of this legislation’s directives, while al-lowing the flexibility necessary to reach full compliance. For example, states that receive Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant grants would be required to develop a stra-tegic plan setting out how the grant money will be used to improve their criminal systems. Finally, this bill includes various provisions to ensure federal funds are used efficiently and effectively. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation and I reserve the balance of my time. The Justice for All Reauthorization Act is supported by a broad spectrum of organiza-tions involved in, or affected by, our criminal justice system. These organizations include— the National Sheriffs Association and the National District Attorneys Association; the Council of State Governments; the U.S. Conference of Mayors; the National Center for Victims of Crime; the Washington Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights; the Human Rights Campaign; and the Innocence Project. In closing, I want to commend my col-leagues in the House, including Judiciary Committee Chairman B
OBGOODLATTE , Crime Subcommittee Chairman J
IMSENSENBRENNER , and Congressman T
EDPOE, sponsor of the House companion. And, I also want to acknowledge Senator P
ATRICK LEAHY for his authorship of the under-lying statute and for his leadership in the reau-thorization of these critical programs. For the foregoing reasons, I urge my col-leagues to join me in voting for this legislation today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ), who is an origi-nal cosponsor of this legislation. Mr. COSTA. I thank the gentle-woman from Texas for yielding 2 min-utes, and I want to thank her and the chairman, the gentleman from Vir-ginia, for their hard work on this very important piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, as the lead Democratic cosponsor of the Justice for All Reau-thorization Act and the co-chair of the Congressional Victims’ Rights Caucus, along with my good friend and col-league Congressman T
EDPOE, who I know wanted to be here and who has worked so hard on this legislation, we as the chairs of the bipartisan Congres-sional Victims’ Rights Caucus want those groups out there throughout the country to understand how important this legislation is. The broad coalition of groups that are supporting this and the bipartisan group of lawmakers who worked tirelessly to get this legislation on the House floor today is making a difference. The Justice for All Reauthorization Act will improve our criminal justice system, and it will strengthen pro-grams for victims of crimes. The heal-ing process for the survivors of violent crime, as we all know, can be ex-tremely painful and it can be difficult. This legislation also helps those sur-vivors by providing resources to re-duce, as has been noted already, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.020 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6329 November 29, 2016 
rape kit backlog. It also improves housing rights for domestic violence victims. We have these centers in our congressional districts that many of us are familiar with where spouses and children go to escape violence. It also assists with hiring full-time sexual as-sault nurse examiners in every hospital throughout the country. Additionally, this bill ensures that the guilty are punished and helps to protect the wrongfully convicted by improving access to postconviction DNA testing. One thing we have learned for certain over the last decade is that, in law enforcement, DNA test-ing has become an important tool to apprehend and to prove guilt where, in fact, we did not have that tool before. These strengthened policies will bet-ter provide support for victims of crime throughout the country. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. COSTA. I thank the gentle-woman. Mr. Speaker, these policies will pro-vide better support for victims of crime throughout the country, especially those who live in rural regions, and we have many rural regions throughout the country. I represent one of those areas in California, the San Joaquin Valley. I urge my colleagues in the House to support this bill, and I hope the Senate acts swiftly before the end of the year so this Justice for All Reauthorization Act is enacted before Congress ad-journs. Let us remember, Mr. Speaker, that these victims of crimes are members of our families; they are our neighbors; they are people who we know in our communities and in our congressional districts. We know who they are, and we know that these are innocent vic-tims of crime. This legislation goes a long way to address their issues. I urge the support of my colleagues. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I will close my remarks by thanking Mr. C
OSTA for his leader-ship. We know that our good friend Congressman T
EDPOEwanted to be here. We thank him for his leadership and the many Members who engaged in this important legislation. The Justice for All Reauthorization Act is supported by a broad spectrum of organizations involved in or affected by our criminal justice system. Let me share a few: the National Sheriffs’ As-sociation, the National District Attor-neys Association, the Council of State Governments, the United States Con-ference of Mayors, the National Center for Victims of Crime, the Washington Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights, the Human Rights Campaign, and the Innocence Project. In closing, I would like to commend my colleagues in the House, including Judiciary Committee Chairman BOB G
OODLATTE ; Crime, Terrorism, Home-land Security, and Investigations Sub-committee Chairman S
ENSENBRENNER ; and Congressman T
EDPOE, the sponsor of the House companion; and the work that we have done on the Judiciary Committee, as I started out my re-marks, in dealing with the enormity of sentencing, passing legislation that will reduce the impact of mandatory minimums, prison reform that we have passed, and certainly looking to reform juvenile justice. I, too, hope that the legislation that we are speaking of will move and be passed before this session of Congress ends. I would like to think optimisti-cally that we may get some very im-portant bills that we have dealt with in the Judiciary Committee passed as well. I also want to acknowledge Senator P
ATRICK LEAHY for his authorship of the underlying statute and for his lead-ership of the reauthorization of these critical programs, and as I indicated, my senior Senator, J
OHN CORNYN , of Texas. I want to conclude by saying that I left Texas in the backdrop of a Federal court hearing that dealt with the bro-ken bail system, another aspect of criminal justice reform, where 40 per-cent of individuals on misdemeanors who cannot pay $150 or cannot pay $100 remain incarcerated. What we are doing today is we are joining in a bi-partisan manner to begin to approach some of those inequities by this legis-lation, and I know that we can move forward on many others. So I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this legislation today, which is an impor-tant bill, S. 2577, and the House com-panion. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for his hard work and his leadership on this issue, and I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) as well. This is a very good bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote for the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, I urge the House to pass the Justice for All Re-authorization Act to improve crime victims ac-cess to justice, support law enforcement, ex-onerate the innocent, and strengthen and im-prove our criminal justice system. In the House, I would like to thank Representative J
IMCOSTA for joining me in introducing this im-portant legislation. I would also like to thank Senator J
OHN CORNYN and Senator P ATRICK  L
EAHY for sponsoring this bill in the Senate. The Justice for All Act of 2004 enhanced protection for crime victims, provided re-sources to expand the use of DNA and foren-sic technology to capture and convict crimi-nals, and established safeguards to reverse wrongful convictions. This legislation reauthorizes these important programs and also increases crime victims ac-cess to restitution and improves housing pro-tections for domestic violence victims. Under this legislation, states will be encouraged to test unexamined DNA evidence in criminal cases to ensure that innocent people are not imprisoned for crimes they did not commit. But one of the most important things this law will do is tackle the national rape kit backlog by providing critically important resources to fo-rensic labs. A victim of rape is sentenced to a lifetime of mental turmoil, but as rape victim Debbie Smith can attest, also knowing that your attacker is still on the streets is far worse. Debbie was at home doing laundry one afternoon in Williamsburg, Virginia. Suddenly, a masked intruder walked through her back-door and dragged her outside into a wooded area where he raped her repeatedly. Her attacker told her that if she called the police, he would return to her house and kill her. She was lucky to escape with her life. It was only after her husband begged her to contact the police that she agreed to take a forensic exam. Even though the police had a DNA sample, they didn’t test her rape kit. Debbie was left in fear that her rapist would return to her home and kill her for reporting her rape. Finally, after six and a half years, the police tested Debbie’s kit and put her attacker behind bars. Debbie has since become a fierce advo-cate for the elimination of the rape kit testing backlog that occurs all across the nation, and she has been a loud supporter of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act’s provisions to ad-dress this issue. As Debbie has said, I know that DNA test-ing gave me peace, and I want to make sure that other victims have that same opportunity. The Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016 is supported by over a thousand victim advo-cacy groups from around the country. I urge my colleagues to vote to pass this important, bipartisan piece of legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2577, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FUNDING FOR THE NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOTLINE Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5422) to ensure funding for the National Human Trafficking Hot-line, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5422 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FUNDING FOR THE NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOTLINE; PERFECTING AMENDMENT. 
(a) HHS F UNDING FOR TRAFFICKING HOT-
LINE.—Section 107(b)(1)(B)(ii) of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.021 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6330 November 29, 2016 
U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)(B)(ii)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘of amounts made available for grants under paragraph (2),’’. (b) P
ERFECTING AMENDMENT .—Section 603 of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–22; 129 Stat. 259) is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Victims of Crime Traf-ficking’’ and inserting ‘‘Victims of Traf-ficking’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this Act shall take effect as if en-acted as part of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–22; 129 Stat. 227). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 5422, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, today we consider on suspension H.R. 5422. This bill corrects an inadvertent change made in the Jus-tice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 that caused grant funding for the National Human Trafficking Hotline to be processed through the Department of Justice rather than through the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices, as it had been historically. The National Human Trafficking Hotline is a toll-free hotline, available to answer calls from anywhere in the United States, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, in more than 200 languages. The hotline’s mission is to connect traf-ficking victims and survivors to crit-ical support services and to equip the antitrafficking community with the tools to effectively combat all forms of human trafficking. This bill was introduced on June 9, 2015, by Congressman T
EDPOE, a tire-less advocate for the prevention of human trafficking and for trafficking victims, and the bill passed out of the Judiciary Committee on November 16 by a voice vote. While Congressman P
OEis under-going treatment for leukemia and is unable to be here, I want to once again let him know that he is in our prayers. We are confident in his recovery and continue to appreciate all his work on these important human trafficking matters. I thank Congressman P
OEfor sponsoring this legislation that cor-rects an inadvertent drafting over-sight, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5422, a bill that I have cospon-sored in order to ensure funding for the National Human Trafficking Hotline, a crucial component in the fight against human trafficking, and also to pay tribute to my neighbor, Congressman TEDPOE, and join in wishing him a strong recovery. We look forward to continuing to work against the scourge of human trafficking. We have been told, of course, of Houston being the epicenter of such. As I have said many times before, trafficking in human beings has no place in a civilized society. Congress decided 150 years ago that no indi-vidual deserves to be bought, owned, or sold. Our country is now faced with a modern-day version of slavery that de-nies victims of their humanity and vio-lates the most basic American ideals of liberty and individual autonomy. Human trafficking is the second fast-est growing criminal enterprise: 4,177 sex trafficking cases and 824 traf-ficking cases were reported in the first 9 months of this year in the United States and its territories. Traffickers use trickery and, most often, coercion and violence to force victims to pro-vide labor or perform sexual acts. My home city of Houston has been identified as a hub for human traf-ficking, as I have said. I am proud to say that Houston and the entire State of Texas are working hard to stave off this growing threat. In an effort to understand the prob-lem and find real solutions, we held several hearings in 2014, including the first-ever field hearing on human traf-ficking held by the Committee on Homeland Security that I serve on. During that hearing, we heard from victims and survivors of human traf-ficking. They recounted indignities they suffered as well as the physical and psychological damage done while they were young children but still felt as adults. I am very gratified that Con-gressman T
EDPOEparticipated in that hearing, and it was very constructive and instructive as we try to continue working on a solution. I traveled to a stash house and wit-nessed the atrocious conditions under which these people are held and forced to engage. We now know that a comprehensive, collaborative approach that includes lawmakers, law enforcement, victim advocates, community organizations, and social service providers is nec-essary to identify victims and lead them to safety, restore them, and bring their captors to justice. b1600 The National Human Trafficking Re-source Center plays a critical role in the effort to save, protect, and restore victims of human trafficking. The NHTRC is a national anti-trafficking hotline and resource center created and overseen by the Department of Health and Human Services and funded through grant money appropriated to HHS. It is very important. In 2015, the NHTRC received more than 24,000 signals regarding human trafficking cases or issues related to human trafficking, which includes phone calls, online tips, and emails. The NHTRC is invaluable to victims, survivors, and stakeholders involving the fight against human trafficking— connecting human trafficking victims and survivors to local, victim-centered support services that provide crisis intervention, urgent or nonurgent care, or lead them to safety; providing tools to fight against human trafficking; and reporting potential trafficking tips to law enforcement. This is a very valu-able service and lifeline. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS), who has a long history of work-ing with children, of arguing and advo-cating against the mistreatment of fos-ter care children who find themselves disproportionately involved and sub-jected to the potential of human traf-ficking. I thank her for her leadership, for being a cosponsor of this legisla-tion, and a Member of the House Judi-ciary Committee. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of the National Human Traf-ficking Hotline. I also want to join with my col-leagues in wishing well Judge P
OE, and wishing him a speedy recovery. He has been a leader on this issue for many, many years, and the hotline is a crit-ical feature of how we can address human trafficking in our country. I also support the resources being managed under Health and Human Services. I believe it reflects the cur-rent awareness and knowledge that this really shouldn’t be managed by law enforcement. We have all heard the stories of women and children who have been taken from location to loca-tion and forced to have sex against their will. Currently, there are more cases of human trafficking reported in Cali-fornia than in any other State. This hotline has served as a lifeline/vital re-source to human trafficking victims and their advocates. In California alone this year, there have been over 3,000 calls received on the hotline, resulting in over 1,000 human trafficking cases being reported, nearly a third of which are minors. Unfortunately, there is a growing body of evidence that youth who fall through the cracks in the foster care system end up trafficked. As of 2012 in California, 50 to 80 percent of the com-mercially exploited children had been involved in the child welfare system. Fifty-eight percent of sexually traf-ficked girls in the Los Angeles County STAR Court in 2012 were under age and were connected to the foster care sys-tem. In Los Angeles, we are fortunate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.013 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6331 November 29, 2016 
to have a STAR Court, but the purpose of this court is to deal with underage children who have been trafficked. I recently hosted an event in my dis-trict in order to train faith leaders in my community to identify and direct resources to women and girls who had been victims of trafficking. Often, it is members of our communities who are the first line of defense for these girls. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. N
EUGEBAUER ). The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from California an additional 1 minute. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, we must work to break the foster-care-to-child- sex-trafficking-victim pipeline by con-tinuing to fund additional programs, like the National Human Trafficking Hotline, to help identify victims and provide them with the resources that they need. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Let me give my closing remarks and indicate that I am grateful in deter-mining that the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, which, unfortunately, was enacted last year, mistakenly di-rected that funding for the NHTRC be given to the Justice Department in-stead of HHS, which would still be re-sponsible for administering it. There-fore, we need to change the law to en-sure that funding be directed to HHS so that it will continue to fund and over-see NHTRC in the same manner and ef-ficiently as it has in the past. For that reason, this is an important initiative. I commend again the actions and ef-forts and commitment of my colleague, Congressman T
EDPOE. I wish him good health and thank him for continuing to work on behalf of human trafficking victims. This bill is evidence that we have the ability to work together as a unified body to address issues that affect our country and, more importantly, that those victims of this dastardly human trafficking, when they feel so alone and cannot reach out, have a body of Mem-bers, House and Senate, who recognize the urgency and importance of this ef-fort to help them restore their lives, but, more importantly, to stand in the way of this terrible and heinous act. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5422, a bill I have cosponsored in order to ensure funding for the National Human Trafficking Hotline, a crucial component in the fight against human trafficking. As I have said many times before, trafficking in human beings has no place in a civilized society. Congress decided 150 years ago that no in-dividual deserves to be bought, owned, or sold. Our country is now faced with a modern-day version of slavery that denies victims of their humanity and violates the most basic Amer-ican ideals of liberty and individual autonomy. Human trafficking is the second-fastest growing criminal enterprise. 4,177 sex trafficking cases and 824 labor trafficking cases were reported in the first nine months of this year in the United States and its territories. Traffickers use trickery and, most often, co-ercion and violence to force victims to provide labor or perform sexual acts. My home city of Houston has been identi-fied as a hub for human trafficking. I am proud to say that Houston and the entire state of Texas are working hard to stave off this grow-ing threat. In an effort to understand the problem and find real solutions, we held several hearings in 2014, including a Field Hearing before the Committee on Homeland Security. During that hearing, we heard from victims and survivors of human trafficking. They re-counted indignities they suffered as well as the physical and psychological damage done while they were young children, but still felt as adults. I traveled to a stash house and witnessed the atrocious conditions under which these people are held. We now know that a comprehensive, col-laborative approach that includes law makers, law enforcement, victim advocates, community organizations, and social service providers is necessary to identify victims, lead them to safety, restore them, and bring their captors to justice. The National Human Trafficking Resource Center plays a critical role in the effort to save, protect, and restore victims of human trafficking. The NHTRC is a national anti-trafficking hot-line and resource center, created and over-seen by the Department of Health and Human Services, and funded through grant money ap-propriated to HHS. In 2015, the NHTRC received more than 24,000 alerts regarding human trafficking cases or issues related to human trafficking, which includes phone calls, online tips, and emails. The NHTRC is invaluable to victims, sur-vivors, and stakeholders involved in the fight against human trafficking—connecting human trafficking victims and survivors to local, vic-tim-centered support services that provide cri-sis intervention, urgent or non-urgent care, or lead them to safety; providing tools to fight against human trafficking; and reporting poten-tial trafficking tips to law enforcement. Unfortunately, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, which was enacted last year, mistakenly directed that funding for the NHTRC be given to the Justice Department in-stead of HHS, which would still be responsible for administering it. Therefore, we need to change the law to ensure that funding be directed to HHS so that it will continue to fund and oversee the NHRTC in the same, efficient manner as it has in the past. Mr. Speaker, I commend the efforts of my colleague, Congressman T
EDPOE. I wish him good health and thank him for continuing to work on behalf of human trafficking victims. This bill is evidence that we have the ability to work together as a unified body to address issues that affect our country. I ask that my colleagues join me in sup-porting this bill today. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Let’s pass this legislation in honor of Congressman and former Judge TED P
OE, who has been a champion in the battle against human trafficking. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Laura was a middle school counselor who noticed that one of her students had begun to act strange-ly. Laura’s instincts were right. Out of the classroom, her student, Alyssa, had started to frequently flee her foster home and was often found in random locations with adult strangers. After some investigation, Laura learned that Alyssa had been lured into the business of having sex with adults. Traffickers did what they do best, identified a vulnerable young woman and lured her into the sex trade. Laura immediately contacted the National Human Trafficking Hotline, reported what had hap-pened to her young student and they were able to advise her on how to proceed and what social services and law enforcement agencies to contact. Because of the hotline, Laura was able to save Alyssa’s life. The National Human Trafficking Hotline serves as an essential lifeline to victims of trafficking, but it also serves as an important source of information to those who suspect they have encountered a victim of trafficking and don’t know how to help. This hotline is an essential tool in the fight against human traf-ficking in the United States. H.R. 5422 is a bipartisan, non-controversial bill that makes a small technical fix to allow the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices (HHS) to continue funding the National Human Trafficking Hotline (NHTH). In the House, I introduced this bill with Representa-tive C
AROLYN MALONEY . I would also like to thank Senator J
OHN CORNYN and Senator A MY K
LOBUCHAR for sponsoring this bill in the Sen-ate. Without the National Hotline’s guidance, Laura may never have known how to help that poor child escape her traffickers. The hotline provides trafficking victims and survivors with access to critical support and emergency serv-ices, collects tips about potential trafficking sit-uations and disseminates training and informa-tional materials to help raise awareness in our communities. HHS created and currently over-sees and funds the NHTH. As it stands today, the funding for HHS’s annual grants has been appropriated to the Department of Justice. This bill is a simple technical fix to codify the hotline within HHS and to help continue the important work being done by our nation’s anti-human trafficking hotline. Having the hotline under the jurisdiction of DOJ creates an unnecessary and unhelpful additional layer of bureaucracy. It forces HHS to be dependent on funds from DOJ to run the hotline. It is more efficient and effective for HHS to continue using its own finds to operate the NHTH. I urge the House to pass this simple bipar-tisan measure to ensure the continued ease of funding to the National Human Trafficking Hot-line through the Department of Health and Human Services. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.024 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6332 November 29, 2016 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5422. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
UNITED STATES–ISRAEL AD-VANCED RESEARCH PARTNER-SHIP ACT OF 2016 Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5877) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and the United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 to promote cooperative home-land security research and antiterror-ism programs relating to cybersecu-rity, and for other purposes, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5877 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States-Israel Advanced Research Partnership Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. COOPERATIVE HOMELAND SECURITY RE-SEARCH AND ANTITERRORISM PRO-GRAMS RELATING TO CYBERSECU-RITY. 
(a) H OMELAND SECURITY ACT OF 2002.—Sec- tion 317 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 195c) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) for international cooperative activi-ties identified in the previous reporting pe-riod, a status update on the progress of such activities, including whether goals were real-ized, explaining any lessons learned, and evaluating overall success; and ‘‘(4) a discussion of obstacles encountered in the course of forming, executing, or im-plementing agreements for international co-operative activities, including administra-tive, legal, or diplomatic challenges or re-source constraints.’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (h) and (i), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(g) C
YBERSECURITY .—As part of the inter-national cooperative activities authorized in this section, the Under Secretary, in coordi-nation with the Department of State and ap-propriate Federal officials, may enter into cooperative research activities with Israel to strengthen preparedness against cyber threats and enhance capabilities in cyberse-curity.’’. (b) U
NITED STATES -ISRAEL STRATEGIC  P
ARTNERSHIP ACT OF 2014.—Subsection (c) of section 7 of the United States-Israel Stra-tegic Partnership Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–296; 22 U.S.C. 8606) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘PILOT’’; (2) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘pilot’’; (3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (4) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) cybersecurity.’’. 
SEC. 3. PROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDING. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act or the amendments made by this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased that today the House is considering H.R. 5877, the United States-Israel Advanced Research Partnership Act of 2016. Israel is our strongest and most trusted ally in the Middle East, and I am grateful to join with the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ), my friend, in working to expand and strengthen this bond through long- term collaboration on cybersecurity ef-forts between our countries. H.R. 5877 builds on decades of partnership with the State of Israel by amending cur-rent law to authorize the Under Sec-retary of the Science and Technology Directorate at the Department of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to enter into cooperative research activities with Israel. H.R. 5877 also amends the U.S.-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 by further formalizing the program and by adding cybersecurity to the list of re-search areas authorized under the act. The U.S.-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 currently authorizes the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct cooperative research programs to enhance Israel’s capabilities in bor-der security, explosives detection, and emergency services. My bill now adds cybersecurity to that important list. Mr. Speaker, violence and instability in the Middle East present significant challenges for Israel as our major stra-tegic partner in that region of the world, and enhancing collaboration be-tween our countries is, therefore, es-sential to ensuring Israel’s continued ability to defend herself. Mr. Speaker, I introduced this legis-lation following an in-depth congres-sional delegation that I led to Israel earlier this year, along with my col-league, Mr. LANGEVIN . While there, we were able to meet with Israel’s top na-tional security figures, including Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, to discuss homeland security and cy-bersecurity threats to the United States and Israel, and to develop strat-egies for better cooperation in defend-ing against these threats. Mr. L
ANGEVIN and I also met with Israel’s cybersecurity firms to learn about their efforts and to discuss the potential application of these innova-tive technologies to U.S. homeland se-curity. In recent years, Israel’s tech sector has been booming with cyberse-curity and technology startups, and many United States tech companies now have a presence in Israel. Much of Israel’s success in the tech sector re-sults from its development of a very ro-bust cyber workforce, and we discussed ways to apply these lessons here in the United States. The United States and Israel share a joint recognition that cybersecurity is national security, and that our two na-tions must closely partner to combat these growing threats. This is exactly why I was so pleased to be able to in-troduce H.R. 5877, the United States- Israel Advanced Research Partnership Act of 2016, and why I also express my strong support for Mr. L
ANGEVIN ’s bill, H.R. 5843, the United States-Israel Cy-bersecurity Cooperation Enhancement Act of 2016. I thank my friend and colleague, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , for his bipartisan partner-ship on these very important bills. As the co-founder and cochairman of the bipartisan Cybersecurity Caucus, he has long been a leader on cybersecurity issues here in Congress. Mr. Speaker, I also thank Chairman M
CCAUL, Ranking Member T HOMPSON , and subcommittee Ranking Member R
ICHMOND for their help in getting this legislation across the finish line today. I also thank Chairman R
OYCE and the staff of the Foreign Affairs Committee for their assistance in moving the leg-islation to the floor today. I urge all Members to join me in sup-porting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, November 14, 2016. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, House Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee regarding H.R. 5877, the United States-Israel Advanced Research Partnership Act of 2016. I agree that the Foreign Affairs Committee may be discharged from further consideration of that measure, so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I am writing to confirm our mutual under-standing that forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, or prejudice its jurisdic-tional prerogatives on this bill or similar 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.026 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6333 November 29, 2016 
legislation in the future. I also request your support for the appointment of Foreign Af-fairs conferees to any House-Senate con-ference on this legislation. I ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in your com-mittee report, and also in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, November 15, 2016. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5877, the ‘‘United States-Israel Advanced Research Partnership Act of 2016.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, under-stand that the Committee on Foreign Affairs will forego further action on the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing further action on this bill at this time, the Committee on Foreign Affairs does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legis-lation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Foreign Affairs represented on the con-ference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the report on the bill and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your co-operation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of H.R. 5877, the United States-Israel Advanced Re-search Partnership Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, both this bill and the subsequent measure that we will con-sider today are connected, as the chair-man mentioned, to a congressional del-egation trip that Chairman R
ATCLIFFE  and I took to Israel earlier this year. I thank Chairman R
ATCLIFFE for his leadership on cybersecurity and other homeland security related issues. The focus of our trip was cybersecu-rity, and we learned a great deal about the innovative work the Israelis are doing in this space, both within gov-ernment and in the private sector. Israel was one of the first countries to recognize the potential threat posed by interconnected computer systems, and they have been leaders in cyberse-curity now for decades. For instance, the first stateful firewall technology was developed by an Israeli firm. Today, these firewalls are ubiquitous across the information security land-scape. b1615 In fact, despite its size, Israel is the second largest exporter of cybersecu-rity goods and services behind only the United States. In addition to being a fertile source of public and private sector innovation in the domain, Israel is also the United States’ critical strategic partner in the Middle East. In recognizing this con-fluence of strategic and research inter-ests, the Department of Homeland Se-curity established a memorandum of agreement with the Israeli Ministry of Public Security that was focused on joint homeland security research and development efforts, including cyberse-curity. As a founding member of the Homeland Security Committee, I re-member when this MOA was first reached, and I think it is a very posi-tive thing that we are working to-gether on these types of issues with Israel. This MOA provides an excellent foun-dation for cooperation between our two nations; but one of the common themes we heard during our trip was: Can we be doing even more? After all, it is my firm belief that cybersecurity is the most significant national security challenge of the information age in which we live. It has certainly been a pleasure working with Mr. RATCLIFFE , who, very quickly during his time here in Con-gress, has recognized the significance of the challenge that is in front of us. This national security challenge, of course, is not confined to any nation. On the contrary, our adversaries in cyberspace—most notably Iran—are in-filtrating the networks in both of our countries. What is more, the inter-connected nature of our information systems leads to a blurring of geog-raphy. A cyber threat against Israel could easily migrate to the United States or vice versa, and there is no Internet border patrol, if you will, that will preemptively stop it from spread-ing. Some of these challenges can be ad-dressed through collective cyber de-fense, particularly information shar-ing, which is why I am grateful that then-Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security Alejandro Mayorkas nego-tiated an enhanced cybersecurity coop-erative agreement with Israel earlier this year that will promote engage-ment and collaboration by our respec-tive computer emergency readiness teams, or CERTs. One of the things that I have learned in my near decade as co-chair of the Congressional Cybersecurity Caucus is that the landscape evolves at a diz-zying pace. While we must work with our allies to jointly use existing capa-bilities, it is only through the develop-ment of innovative new techniques and technologies that we have any hope of stemming the tide of the cyber attacks that we face. With that background in mind, Mr. Speaker, I offer my full-throated sup-port for the bill under consideration. H.R. 5877 expands an existing pilot pro-gram at the Homeland Security Ad-vanced Research Projects Agency, or HSARPA, to further collaboration on cybersecurity capability development. This program is particularly important because it addresses specific needs from the homeland security commu-nity which may not be present in other sectors and which may not be ad-dressed by existing commercial, off- the-shelf products. Cybersecurity is subject to the same valley of death, if you will, between early applied research and viable com-mercial product as other cutting-edge fields, and this bill helps ensure that innovative technologies will make it to market that are responsive to the needs of our DHS cybersecurity profes-sionals. This last point, of course, is worth reemphasizing. While we face similar challenges on government net-works as other entities, small busi-nesses and government agencies all run Windows on their PCs. We also face problems that, of course, are unique to nation-states. It is in-cumbent upon nations that believe in a free and open Internet to work to-gether to preserve its immense benefit and to facilitate collaboration between our countries’ innovators. It is natural for us to expand other areas of similar homeland security interests—explo-sives detection, border security, and emergency services—to include cyber-security. I am grateful for Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ’s leadership in bringing forth a bill that both cements existing relationships and expands them to the leading threat facing our Nation. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5877. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I again thank Congressman L
ANGEVIN for his kind words and for his leadership in connection with this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have re-maining on my side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Rhode Island has 14 min-utes remaining. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend Mr. R
ATCLIFFE and Mr. L
ANGEVIN for their leadership on this issue, and I rise in support of H.R. 5877, which speaks to the crucialness of cybersecurity as does the following bill by Mr. L
ANGEVIN . It is interesting that, some years ago, as the chairperson of the Trans-portation Security Subcommittee, in-frastructure was included, and cyberse-curity was a part of that. During that tenure, we looked at the vast impact that cyber and security would have on the lives of Americans and on the peo-ple around the world. From water sys-tems to sewer systems, an attack on the cyber system could clearly under-mine the quality of life of people around the world. Obviously, Israel fully comprehended this in its en-hanced level of innovative work when dealing with cybersecurity and particu-larly, as Mr. L
ANGEVIN said, in the im-portance of creating firewalls, which we have been able to see. I congratulate the sponsors of this legislation and will say that we need to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.015 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6334 November 29, 2016 
have cybersecurity issues clearly in our eyes’ view. I acknowledge the bi-partisan work of the Committee on Homeland Security under the leader-ship of Chairman M
CCAULand Ranking Member T
HOMPSON , and I acknowledge the Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Pro-tection, and Security Technologies Subcommittee that has Mr. R
ICHMOND  as the ranking member. I also add my support for H.R. 5843, sponsored by Mr. L
ANGEVIN , which pro-vides a pilot cybersecurity research program that will require the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to estab-lish a grant program to support cyber-security research and development and the demonstration and commercializa-tion of cybersecurity technology in ac-cordance with the agreement between the Government of the United States and the Government of Israel. I cannot think of two more impor-tant steps that are being made. I hope this legislation will pass before this Congress ends because, if there is any threat that is great to this Nation, it is the unintended impact of cybersecu-rity. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. LANGEVIN. I yield the gentle-woman an additional 15 seconds. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-tleman. Mr. Speaker, in the backdrop of see-ing technology impact the recent elec-tion, I think that we clearly know that we have to be studious, that we have to be thorough, and that we have to make sure that systems work and that sys-tems are protected. I ask my colleagues to support the underlying bill and also H.R. 5843. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5843, United States-Israel Cybersecurity Coopera-tion Enhancement Act, because it will estab-lish a pilot cybersecurity research program be-tween our nation and our strongest friends in the region for the purpose of strengthening cy-bersecurity. I support this bill because the bill requires the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to establish a grant program to support cyber-security research and development, and the demonstration and commercialization of cyber-security technology, in accordance with the Agreement between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the State of Israel on Cooperation in Science and Technology for Homeland Secu-rity Matters. This bill will codifies and makes available funding for an existing mutual cooperation agreement between the United States and Israel on matters related to cybersecurity. Grants provided under this bill may be awarded for social science research and tech-nology intended to identify, protect against, re-spond to, and recover from cybersecurity threats. To be eligible for a grant, a project must be a joint venture between: (1) for-profit, nonprofit, or academic entities including U.S. national laboratories in the United States and Israel; or (2) the governments of the United States and Israel. Grants shall be awarded only for projects considered unclassified by both the United States and Israel. Under the terms of this bill DHS must re-quire cost sharing of at least 50% from non-federal sources for grant activities, but it may reduce the nonfederal percentage if necessary on a case-by-case basis. DHS will also establish an advisory board to monitor the impartial scientific and technical merit method by which grants are awarded and provide periodic reviews of the actions taken to carry out the program. The grant program terminates seven years after this bill’s enactment. The Science and Technology Homeland Se-curity International Cooperative Programs Of-fice will produce a report every five years by the Science and Technology must contain: (1) a status update on the progress of such international cooperative activities identified in the previous reporting period; and (2) a discussion of obstacles encountered in forming, executing, or implementing agree-ments for such activities. As a member of the House Committee on Homeland Security since its establishment, and current Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism and Homeland Security this bill is of importance to me. I introduced H.R. 85, the Terrorism Preven-tion and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act of 2015 out of well-founded concerns regarding the security of critical infrastructure of our na-tion from terrorists attack. H.R. 85, directs the Secretary DHS to: (1) work with critical infrastructure owners and operators and state, local, tribal, and terri-torial entities to take proactive steps to man-age risk and strengthen the security and resil-ience of the nation’s critical infrastructure against terrorist attacks; (2) establish terrorism prevention policy to engage with international partners to strength-en the security and resilience of domestic crit-ical infrastructure and critical infrastructure lo-cated outside of the United States; (4) establish the Strategic Research Impera-tives Program to lead DHS’s federal civilian agency approach to strengthen critical infra-structure security and resilience; and (5) make available research findings and guidance to federal civilian agencies for the identification, prioritization, assessment, reme-diation, and security of their internal critical in-frastructure to assist in the prevention, medi-ation, and recovery from terrorism events. H.R. 85, also directs the Secretary of DHS to: (1) appoint a research working group that shall study how best to achieve national unity of effort to protect against terrorism threats and investigate the security and resilience of the nation’s information assurance compo-nents that provide such protection; and (2) es-tablish a research program to provide strategic guidance, promote a national unity of effort, and coordinate the overall federal effort to pro-mote the security and resilience of the nation’s critical infrastructure from terrorist threats. As we have worked to define and support the mission of the Department of Homeland Security we have worked to keep the efforts of the agency focused not only on the threats we have faced, but also the new ones that may come. Collaborative agreements that can bolster the ability of DHS to be able to effectively re-spond to cyber threats is in the best interest of the United States. It is the responsibility of Congress not only to provide DHS with new guidelines, but also to provide the agency with the funding it needs to do the work of protecting this great nation. For several Congresses DHS has faced a government shutdown and sequestration that has depleted its resources and stranded its ef-forts to do all of the work members of this body demands. As I urge my colleagues to support this bill, I also remind them that the passage of new laws that require more of the agency should also mean that we should require more of our-selves as members of Congress. We should support the work of the men and women of DHS as they stand to defend this nation from all threats including those that come from cyberspace. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5843. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. This bill will meaningfully improve our homeland security professionals’ ability to manage cybersecurity risk. It will do so in a way that also in-creases the capacity of our Israeli al-lies to operate securely despite the many and varied threats they face on a daily basis. Again, I thank Mr. R
ATCLIFFE for his leadership in bringing this legislation to the floor. It was a pleasure to travel with him to Israel on this factfinding mission, and we both learned a great deal. I also thank Chairman M
CCAUL and Ranking Member T
HOMPSON , as well as Ranking Member R
ICHMOND of the Sub-committee on Cybersecurity, Infra-structure Protection, and Security Technologies, for their assistance in support of this. I also, of course, thank the staffs on both the Homeland Secu-rity Committee, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ’s per-sonal staff, and my personal staff for their hard work in bringing this to the floor. We could not do what we do with-out their invaluable assistance and due diligence. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, once again, I thank Congressman L
ANGEVIN , and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5877. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5877, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.029 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6335 November 29, 2016 
UNITED STATES-ISRAEL CYBERSE-CURITY COOPERATION ENHANCE-MENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5843) to establish a grant pro-gram at the Department of Homeland Security to promote cooperative re-search and development between the United States and Israel on cybersecu-rity, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5843 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States-Israel Cybersecurity Cooperation En-hancement Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. UNITED STATES-ISRAEL CYBERSECURITY COOPERATION. 
(a) G RANT PROGRAM .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, in ac-cordance with the agreement entitled the ‘‘Agreement between the Government of the United States of America and the Govern-ment of the State of Israel on Cooperation in Science and Technology for Homeland Secu-rity Matters’’, dated May 29, 2008 (or suc-cessor agreement), and the requirements specified in paragraph (2), shall establish a grant program at the Department to sup-port— (A) cybersecurity research and develop-ment; and (B) demonstration and commercialization of cybersecurity technology. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (A) A
PPLICABILITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in carrying out a re-search, development, demonstration, or com-mercial application program or activity that is authorized under this section, the Sec-retary shall require cost sharing in accord-ance with this paragraph. (B) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the Secretary shall require not less than 50 percent of the cost of a research, development, demonstration, or commercial application program or activity described in subparagraph (A) to be provided by a non- Federal source. (ii) R
EDUCTION .—The Secretary may reduce or eliminate, on a case-by-case basis, the percentage requirement specified in clause (i) if the Secretary determines that such re-duction or elimination is necessary and ap-propriate. (C) M
ERIT REVIEW .—In carrying out a re-search, development, demonstration, or com-mercial application program or activity that is authorized under this section, awards shall be made only after an impartial review of the scientific and technical merit of the pro-posals for such awards has been carried out by or for the Department. (D) R
EVIEW PROCESSES .—In carrying out a review under subparagraph (C), the Sec-retary may use merit review processes devel-oped under section 302(14) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 182(14)). (3) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANTS .—An applicant shall be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection if the project of such applicant— (A) addresses a requirement in the area of cybersecurity research or cybersecurity technology, as determined by the Secretary; and (B) is a joint venture between— (i)(I) a for-profit business entity, academic institution, National Laboratory (as defined in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801)), or nonprofit entity in the United States; and (II) a for-profit business entity, academic institution, or nonprofit entity in Israel; or (ii)(I) the Federal Government; and (II) the Government of Israel. (4) APPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection, an applicant shall submit to the Secretary an application for such grant in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary, in consultation with the advisory board established under paragraph (5). (5) A
DVISORY BOARD .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish an advisory board to— (i) monitor the method by which grants are awarded under this subsection; and (ii) provide to the Secretary periodic per-formance reviews of actions taken to carry out this subsection. (B) C
OMPOSITION .—The advisory board es-tablished under subparagraph (A) shall be composed of three members, to be appointed by the Secretary, of whom— (i) one shall be a representative of the Fed-eral Government; (ii) one shall be selected from a list of nominees provided by the United States- Israel Binational Science Foundation; and (iii) one shall be selected from a list of nominees provided by the United States- Israel Binational Industrial Research and Development Foundation. (6) C
ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may accept or retain funds contributed by any person, government entity, or organiza-tion for purposes of carrying out this sub-section. Such funds shall be available, sub-ject to appropriation, without fiscal year limitation. (7) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of completion of a project for which a grant is provided under this subsection, the grant recipient shall submit to the Secretary a report that contains— (A) a description of how the grant funds were used by the recipient; and (B) an evaluation of the level of success of each project funded by the grant. (8) C
LASSIFICATION .—Grants shall be award-ed under this subsection only for projects that are considered to be unclassified by both the United States and Israel. (b) T
ERMINATION .—The grant program and the advisory board established under this section terminate on the date that is seven years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDING .— No additional funds are authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this Act. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘cybersecurity research’’ means research, including social science re-search, into ways to identify, protect against, detect, respond to, and recover from cybersecurity threats; (2) the term ‘‘cybersecurity technology’’ means technology intended to identify, pro-tect against, detect, respond to, and recover from cybersecurity threats; (3) the term ‘‘cybersecurity threat’’ has the meaning given such term in section 102 of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (enacted as title I of the Cyberse-curity Act of 2015 (division N of the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113))); (4) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security; and (5) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LAN-
GEVIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I thank my colleague, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , for offering this very important piece of legislation today. As I mentioned earlier, both H.R. 5843 and H.R. 5877 were the result of our successful congressional delegation to the State of Israel, where we heard and learned firsthand about the importance of strong collaboration between our two nations—the United States and Israel. This legislation further builds on the existing agreements between the United States and Israel by authorizing the Secretary to carry out a grant pro-gram to bolster the cyber defenses of both countries. It is vitally important that the United States and Israel have robust and innovative cyber defenses in order to stay ahead of our adversaries, and this legislation will help ensure that that is achieved. Again, I thank Mr. L
ANGEVIN and his staff for their partnership on this very important issue, and I urge all Mem-bers to join me in supporting this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of H.R. 5843, the United States-Israel Cybersecurity Cooperation Enhancement Act of 2016. Much like the previous bill, H.R. 5843 is about enhancing cooperation with our allies in Israel to develop innovative cybersecurity solutions that are di-rectly responsive to the needs of our national security. Specifically, the bill creates a cyber-security grant program for joint re-search and development ventures be-tween Israeli and American entities. Projects would be selected after a merit-review—peer-review—process and would have to address require-ments in cybersecurity that are deter-mined by the Secretary of Homeland Security. The grants would also be sub-ject to a cost-sharing requirement, with at least 50 percent of project funds coming from a non-Federal source. Importantly, H.R. 5843 leverages ex-isting United States-Israel R&D infra-structure, specifically the Binational Industrial Research and Development, or BIRD, Foundation and the Bina-tional Science Foundation, or BSF. Both organizations have a proven track record of encouraging joint research ef-forts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.032 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6336 November 29, 2016 
BIRD, for instance, has financed R&D and commercialization projects that have led to a cumulative $8 billion in commercial sales since its founding while BSF regularly funds collabora-tions between the top scientists in our respective countries, as 45 Nobel laure-ates have received support from the foundation. Using the existing infra-structure, as was done in 2007 when Congress passed the Energy Independ-ence and Security Act, which led to the creation of BIRD Energy, also allows us to capitalize on both foundations’ robust networks of American and Israeli entities to help seed these joint efforts. All of these factors are particularly critical in the fast-moving cybersecu-rity domain where offensive and defen-sive tactics and techniques change on a monthly or on even a weekly basis. b1630 As such, advances in the discipline require a near constant reexamining of assumptions, and having people from different backgrounds and security cul-tures working together engenders an environment where such reexamination is encouraged. While both the U.S. and Israel have robust cybersecurity communities, fur-ther collaboration is needed to spur more advances to combat the threats that we face. Although some of these advances are technological in nature, basic cybersecurity research, such as investigations into the psychology of secure interface design and social engi-neering, is also supported by the bill. All told, the programs authorized in H.R. 5843 and H.R. 5877 will both ad-dress urgent homeland security needs and build capacity for further transnational collaboration on cyberse-curity, all while matching Federal in-vestment with private dollars and funds from the Israeli Government. As with any bill to make it to the floor, both H.R. 5843 and H.R. 5877 owe much to the dedicated staff who spent hours behind the scenes reviewing the legislation. In particular, I would like to thank Brett DeWitt, Christopher Schepis, and Erik Peterson from the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infra-structure Protection, and Security Technologies, who joined Representa-tive R
ATCLIFFE and me on the congres-sional delegation trip that we took to Israel, as well as Emily Leviner on Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ’s personal staff and Nick Leiserson on my own staff. I am also very grateful, of course, to Chairman M
CCAUL, Ranking Member T
HOMPSON , and Subcommittee Ranking Member R
ICHMOND for their continued leadership on the issue of cybersecurity and for their assistance in quickly actualizing the lessons we learned on our trip to Israel. Finally, once again, I owe a debt of gratitude to the gentleman across the aisle, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , who, in just in his first term, has immediately had a substantial impact on our Nation’s cy-bersecurity, as I said previously, and with whom it has been a great pleasure to work. Mr. Speaker, taken together, H.R. 5843 and H.R. 5877 do three things: they encourage innovative approaches to ad-dress top priorities in homeland secu-rity R&D; they strengthen ties with Israel, one of our closest allies; and they do so in a public-private partner-ship that matches Federal investment. I urge Members to support H.R. 5843. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman LANGEVIN for his kind words. I would also like to con-gratulate him on his hard work and his leadership in bringing this bill to the floor today. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill is about innovation. It is a bill about bringing together the best minds in the U.S. and in Israel to help manage what has become an intrac-table problem. It is a bill that is sorely needed. In the past year, just by way of ex-ample, we have seen the first cyber at-tack on a power grid in Ukraine. Many devices that are part of the Internet of Things have been compromised and used to attack Web sites and services. Most disturbingly, the very founda-tion of our democracy, our voting sys-tem, has been targeted in a Russian in-formation warfare campaign that leverages hacked documents. These are the national and Homeland Security threats that keep me up at night, and they are also the same types of threats that motivate the Israel National Cyber Bureau. Working together, I believe that we can make meaningful progress to re-duce the nation-state specific risk both countries face and better secure the en-tire Internet ecosystem. I hope my colleagues in the Senate will move quickly to take up this issue. I would like to particularly thank my dear friend and home State colleague, Senator S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE , for his efforts in this regard. He has been the leader in so many ways on the Senate side on cybersecurity, among other things, and has been an invaluable partner to me in this effort. Again, let me thank Representative R
ATCLIFFE for his work on this bill and his leadership on the committee. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman L
ANGEVIN , and I urge my colleagues to support his bill, H.R. 5843. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5843, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ob-ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR HEADSTONES, MARKERS, AND MEDALLIONS FOR MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENTS Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4757) to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the eli-gibility for headstones, markers, and medallions furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for deceased indi-viduals who were awarded the Medal of Honor and are buried in private ceme-teries, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4757 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR HEADSTONES, MARKERS, AND ME-DALLIONS FOR MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENTS. 
Section 2306(d) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5)(A) In carrying out this subsection with respect to a deceased individual de-scribed in subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall furnish, upon request, a headstone or marker under paragraph (1) or a medallion under paragraph (4) that signifies the deceased’s status as a Medal of Honor recipi-ent. ‘‘(B) If the Secretary furnished a head-stone, marker, or medallion under paragraph (1) or (4) for a deceased individual described in subparagraph (C) that does not signify the deceased’s status as a Medal of Honor recipi-ent, the Secretary shall, upon request, re-place such headstone, marker, or medallion with a headstone, marker, or medallion, as the case may be, that so signifies the deceased’s status as a Medal of Honor recipi-ent. ‘‘(C) A deceased individual described in this subparagraph is a deceased individual who— ‘‘(i) served in the Armed Forces on or after April 6, 1917; ‘‘(ii) is eligible for a headstone or marker furnished under paragraph (1) or a medallion furnished under paragraph (4) (or would be so eligible for such headstone, marker, or me-dallion but for the date of the death of the individual); and ‘‘(iii) was awarded the Medal of Honor (in-cluding posthumously).’’. 
SEC. 2. EXPANSION OF PRESIDENTIAL MEMORIAL CERTIFICATE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 112(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘veterans,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘service,’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘per-sons eligible for burial in a national ceme-tery by reason of any of paragraphs (1), (2), (3), or (7) of section 2402(a) of this title,’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.033 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6337 November 29, 2016 
death of a person eligible for burial in a na-tional cemetery by reason of paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (7) of section 2402(a) of title 38, United States Code, occurring before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude any extraneous material on H.R. 4757, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge all of our colleagues to support H.R. 4757, as amended. This bill would expand two different honors for our Nation’s he-roes, guaranteeing that their service would never be forgotten. First, the bill would expand eligi-bility for a Presidential Memorial Cer-tificate to members of the National Guard or Reserve. Mr. Speaker, Presi-dential Memorial Certificates are en-graved certificates that are signed by the President and sent to a deceased servicemember’s family, honoring their loved one’s service and sacrifice to our country. My bill would ensure that all service is recognized and cherished be-cause all servicemembers take the exact same oath to support and to de-fend the Constitution of the United States. Second, H.R. 4757, as amended, would allow the VA to furnish a headstone, marker, or medallion signifying that the deceased was awarded the Medal of Honor. We all know that veterans who were awarded the Medal of Honor, the highest award for valor, deserve to have their service recognized both in life and after they pass. This bill would make it easier for visitors at any ceme-tery to pay their respects to Medal of Honor recipients by allowing them to quickly identify our national heroes. Moreover, these headstones, markers, or medallions will also continue to in-spire the next generation of Americans who will be serving our country. I hope that in 100, 200, or even 1,000 years from now future Americans will still take the time to find the graves of these in-credibly brave men and women and give thanks that they are living in the greatest Nation in the history of this world. This legislation would help us fulfill our duty as a nation to encour-age continued respect and admiration for those that have gone on before us. I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 4757, as amended. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise to offer my unqualified support for H.R. 4757, Chairman MILLER ’s bill that updates current law to ensure our Nation’s heroes are accorded the rec-ognition they deserve, particularly those afforded the Nation’s highest honor for valor, the Medal of Honor. First, H.R. 4757 directs the VA to pro-vide, upon request, a distinctive head-stone, marker, or medallion to Medal of Honor recipients who are buried in private cemeteries. This bill is nec-essary because current law actually prohibits the Secretary from fur-nishing these honors to recipients not buried in national cemeteries. Second, while the VA sends a Presi-dential Memorial Certificate that ex-presses the Nation’s recognition and gratitude of military service to family members of a deceased veteran, current law limits Presidential Memorial Cer-tificates to the families of those who served in regular armed services or Na-tional Guard and Reserve members who were called to Active Duty. H.R. 4757 very rightly expands eligibility for a Presidential Memorial Certificate to members of the Reserve component of the Armed Forces and the Army Na-tional Guard or the Air National Guard eligible for interment or inurnment in national cemeteries. Finally, current law only allows VA to pay for the cost of transporting the remains of a deceased veteran to the nearest open national cemetery. If it is the family’s choice instead to be buried in a State or tribal veteran’s cemetery, H.R. 4757 authorizes VA to pay the costs associated with transporting the remains of an eligible deceased veteran to that cemetery nearest to the de-ceased veteran’s last residence. Mr. Speaker, honoring the memory of deceased veterans is our greatest re-sponsibility at the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and I am pleased to sup-port Chairman M
ILLER ’s legislation which refines and improves on the ways we are doing that. I encourage my colleagues to support this impor-tant legislation and join me in passing H.R. 4757, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I, too, urge all my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 4757, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4757, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. PROTECTING VETERANS’ EDUCATIONAL CHOICE ACT OF 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5047) to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs and the Sec-retary of Labor to provide information to veterans and members of the Armed Forces about articulation agreements between institutions of higher learn-ing, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5047 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Veterans’ Educational Choice Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS PROVISION OF INFORMATION ON ARTICULATION AGREEMENTS BE-TWEEN INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER LEARNING. 
(a) I NFORMATION .—Department of Veterans Affairs counselors who provide educational or vocational counseling services pursuant to section 3697A of title 38, United States Code, shall provide to any eligible individual who requests such counseling services infor-mation about the articulation agreements of each institution of higher learning in which the veteran is interested. (b) C
ERTIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY .—When the Secretary of Veterans Affairs provides to a veteran a certification of eligibility for educational assistance provided by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, the Secretary shall also include detailed information on such educational assistance, including infor-mation on requesting education counseling services and on articulation agreements. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘institution of higher learn-ing’’ has the meaning given such term in sec-tion 3452(f) of title 38, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘articulation agreement’’ has the meaning given such term in section 486A of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (Public Law 89–329; 20 U.S.C. 1093a). (d) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall imple-ment this section not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude any extraneous material and other items to H.R. 5047. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5047, the Pro-tecting Veterans’ Educational Choice Act of 2016, would further protect stu-dent veterans by requiring that, when the Department of Veterans Affairs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.020 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6338 November 29, 2016 
provides educational counseling or a certificate of eligibility to veterans or servicemembers who are eligible for VA education benefits, the Department also provide information on articula-tion agreements at institutions of higher learning. b1645 The Post-9/11 GI Bill has benefitted more than 1.5 million servicemembers, veterans, and their dependents since its inception in 2009. While many of these beneficiaries complete their entire pro-gram of education at one school, we often see individuals who transfer to another school in the middle of their program due to a plethora of cir-cumstances. If they do transfer schools, their previously earned credits can play a large role in determining the length of time it may take for stu-dents to complete their program at the new school that they have chosen to go to, and in some cases not all earned credits will transfer. Often, the trans-ferability of certain credits between different institutions of higher learn-ing is not always on an individual’s radar when they apply for a certain school or a certain program, and a vet-eran may or may not have understood how credits transfer when they first initiated their education career. H.R. 5047 would simply provide our student veterans with additional infor-mation as they apply to and attend schools by requiring VA to provide in-formation on articulation agreements at a particular school and that school’s agreements with another institution. Our veterans and their dependents de-serve full transparency as they set out to use their hard-earned benefits. I thank my colleague, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE) for in-troducing this bipartisan legislation which has my complete support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5047, the Protecting Veterans’ Edu-cational Choice Act of 2016. I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE) for introducing this commend-able legislation. This bill would require the VA to in-clude information about the edu-cational services available to all vet-erans seeking to use their Post-9/11 GI Bill benefits, and it would require VA counselors who provide educational or vocational counseling to inform the veterans about the articulation agree-ments that exist between schools that govern the transfer of credits. Articu-lation agreements refer to formal agreements between two or more insti-tutions of higher learning, docu-menting the credit transfer policies for a specific academic program. Student veterans have an important decision to make when they choose a college or university to attend with their Post-9/11 GI Bill benefits. It is es-sential that they understand at the outset whether they could transfer their credits to another college or uni-versity down the line. We have seen too many examples of student veterans depleting their lim-ited GI Bill benefits to attend for-profit colleges, only to find out later that their opportunities to transfer to schools without losing time, money, and credit hours are severely limited. Ensuring that student veterans know in advance whether a school will give them credit for completed courses if they choose to transfer will help vet-erans avoid choosing schools where their credits will not transfer, thus saving them both time and their hard- earned Post-9/11 GI Bill benefits. I thank Representative HICEfor in-troducing this important piece of legis-lation, which I am proud to cosponsor and support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the 10th District of Georgia (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE), the sponsor of this par-ticular piece of legislation, the gen-tleman from the great community of Monroe. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, obviously I rise in strong sup-port of this bill, H.R. 5047, the Pro-tecting Veterans’ Educational Choice Act of 2016. Let me just extend a very sincere and heartfelt thank you to Chairman M
IL-
LER and Ranking Member T AKANO — who, by the way, is an original cospon-sor of this bill—for their support of this bill and overall wide support for this bill. I appreciate the comments that both of my colleagues have made pertaining to this bill. The Post-9/11 GI Bill, I believe with-out question, is the most generous edu-cational benefit that our Nation has ever passed. As has already been men-tioned, over a million student veterans have benefited tremendously from that particular piece of legislation. Some of the benefits include help to cover cost of tuition, books, supplies, even hous-ing. Yet, in spite of all this, we still find that many of our veterans find themselves still having to take out stu-dent loans. Part of the reason for that is, as has been discussed by my col-leagues, many of these veterans, as they are going to various schools some-where in the midst of the process, dis-cover that the credits that they have received from this school won’t trans-fer over here; and somewhere in the middle of that timeframe, much of their GI Bill has already been spent, and so they find themselves in an ex-tremely difficult and awkward posi-tion. I won’t reiterate the details of this bill because it has already been done, but the basics of this addresses that problem, Mr. Speaker. It does not have anything to say regarding what school a veteran chooses. They are free to go to whatever school they want to, but what this bill says is up front they need to be aware of whether or not their credits will transfer to another school. They don’t need to find that out on the back end. They need to be fully informed on the front end as they are making these career and edu-cational choices. I think it is a shame for many of our veterans to feel that they have misused their GI benefits because they weren’t informed enough from the beginning of this process. It is incumbent upon Con-gress, I believe, to ensure that our vet-erans have as much information as they need at the front end of their edu-cational choices that will best benefit them and their families. Again, I strongly thank the chairman and the ranking member for their sup-port. I believe this bill is going to go a long way in addressing this problem. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5047. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I strong-ly support this legislation. I have no other speakers. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 5047. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I, too, would encourage all Members to support H.R. 5047. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MIL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5047. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
WORKING TO INTEGRATE NET-WORKS GUARANTEEING MEMBER ACCESS NOW ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5166) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide certain employees of Members of Congress and certain employees of State or local governmental agencies with access to case-tracking information of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5166 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Working to Integrate Networks Guaranteeing Member Access Now Act’’ or the ‘‘WINGMAN Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROVISION OF ACCESS TO CASE-TRACK-ING INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 59 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.038 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6339 November 29, 2016 
‘‘§ 5906. Access of certain congressional em-ployees to veteran records ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) The Secretary shall provide to each veteran who submits a claim for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary an opportunity to permit a covered congressional employee employed in the office of the Member of Congress rep-resenting the district where the veteran re-sides to have access to all of the records of the veteran in the databases of the Veterans Benefits Administration. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, upon receipt of permission from the veteran under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide read-only access to such records to such a covered congressional em-ployee in a manner that does not allow such employee to modify the data contained in such records or in any part of a database of the Veterans Benefits Administration. ‘‘(3) A Member of Congress may designate not more than two employees of the Member as covered congressional employees. ‘‘(b) C
OVERED CONGRESSIONAL EMPLOY -
EES.—(1) In this section, a covered congres-sional employee is a permanent, full-time employee of a Member of Congress— ‘‘(A) whose responsibilities include assist-ing the constituents of the Member with issues regarding departments or agencies of the Federal Government; ‘‘(B) who satisfies the criteria required by the Secretary for recognition as an agent or attorney under this chapter; and ‘‘(C) who is designated by a Member of Congress as a covered congressional em-ployee for purposes of this section. ‘‘(2) The Secretary may not impose any re-quirement other than the requirements under paragraph (1) before treating an em-ployee as a covered congressional employee for purposes of this section. ‘‘(c) N
ONRECOGNITION .—A covered congres-sional employee may not be recognized as an agent or attorney under this chapter. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—None of the amounts made available to carry out this section may be used to design, develop, or administer any training for purposes of providing training to covered congressional employees. ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section. This section may only be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appro-priated. ‘‘(2) For the period of fiscal years 2017 through 2020, not more than $10,000,000 may be made available to carry out this section. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘database of the Veterans Benefits Administration’ means any data-base of the Veterans Benefits Administration in which the records of veterans relating to claims for benefits under the laws adminis-tered by the Secretary are retained, includ-ing information regarding medical records, compensation and pension exams records, rating decisions, statements of the case, sup-plementary statements of the case, notices of disagreement, Form–9, and any successor form. ‘‘(2) The term ‘Member of Congress’ means a Representative, a Senator, a Delegate to Congress, or the Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘5906. Access of certain congressional em-ployees to veteran records.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and add extraneous material on H.R. 5166, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 5166, as amended, the WINGMAN Act. I thank our colleagues, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) and the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY  D
AVIS), for introducing the WINGMAN Act, which will help Members better serve our constituents. H.R. 5166 would allow our offices to assist veterans who are seeking infor-mation about the status of their claims for disability compensation. Unfortu-nately, when a congressional staff member contacts the VA for more in-formation about a claim, it can take often weeks or months for the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to respond. VA’s delay in answering congressional inquiries only adds to the veteran’s frustration. The veteran simply wants to know the status of his or her claim. H.R. 5166, as amended, would require VA to give designated permanent, full- time congressional employees access to VA databases so that our staff can tell a veteran the current status of their application for benefits. Moreover, to protect veterans’ privacy, the WINGMAN Act mandates that congres-sional employees first obtain permis-sion before viewing a veteran’s infor-mation. At the same time, the congres-sional employee would not be able to alter the electronic file in any way. Passing this bill will help veterans who simply want to understand where their claim is in the process. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5166, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5166, spon-sored by Representative Y
OHO, which would give certified congressional of-fice caseworkers access to veterans’ electronic disability claims records at the Veterans Benefits Administration. The purpose of the bill is to provide faster answers to our veteran constitu-ents who call our offices to help with their VA claims. By the time veterans contact us, many have already faced delays or frustrating experiences try-ing to get answers themselves. This bill will allow our congressional case-workers read-only access to disability claims records. This means they will not be able to add or remove anything from a veteran’s record. The bill also includes privacy safe-guards, which reinforce the necessity for getting prior consent from a vet-eran before a caseworker can access a veteran’s files. Additionally, the bill requires that congressional employees certified for this access must be full- time employees who provide con-stituent services. I am hopeful that as this program is developed, VA will put in place a track-ing system to ensure these employees are only assisting constituents from their congressional districts and that congressional staff are held account-able if found to have abused any aspect of this new and unprecedented author-ity. In short, Mr. Speaker, there is broad, bipartisan support among our col-leagues for helping veterans get timely answers to their claims questions. Al-lowing full-time congressional staff members access to electronic disability claims records on a read-only basis is a step in the direction of putting the vet-eran’s interest first and foremost. I support H.R. 5166, as amended, and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the Third District of the State of Florida (Mr. YOHO), a primary sponsor of this legislation. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman M
ILLER , a fellow Floridian, for his support of this measure. With-out his help and the help of his team— Maria and Cecilia in particular—we would not be here today. This is a monumental bill for our veterans. This comes down to customer service for our veterans. I feel we are in the customer service business. They are not constituents. These are people who have paid the price to defend this country, and it is time that we give them the service that they need. What this does is it gives us read- only access to a veteran’s claim. We have already got a privacy form. We are on a secure system, and this just moves the claim through the process that much quicker so that we can find out why it is hung up. So many times, as the chairman said, the average time it takes for an office to receive the records they request from the VA is 6 months, and at times even over a year. What this will do is, we can look into there, we can read only that particular case, and we can say, You forgot to sign it, you forgot to date it, you for-got to check this box; and we can re-port immediately back to the veteran. It should free up the VA system. No single man or woman who has served and protected our freedoms should have to wait to receive the care and benefits that they have more than earned. Unfortunately, they have be-come statistics, nothing more than numbers on the page, so many times with the VA system. This ends with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.022 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6340 November 29, 2016 
passage of the WINGMAN bill. The WINGMAN removes the middleman and allows the staff to access these records directly without waiting on the VA. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues in the House to support this measure and be a good wingman and let our Nation’s veterans know that we have their six. Again, I thank the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY  D
AVIS) for his help on this strong bipar-tisan bill. b1700 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ). Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I come to the floor as a veteran who is currently still serving in the United States Air Force Reserve. I served in Iraq. What Mr. Y
OHO and Mr. D AVIS have done here is come together to bring common sense to something that really is amazing: we have veterans today who have to call their Congress-man to get help, and we are actually hamstrung in trying to help them. That is not the way it should be. Our veterans deserve the best service that they can have. They deserve it on time, they deserve it in a prompt fashion, and they should not have to call their Congressman. But when they do, we need to give our congressional offices all the tools that they need to help with that. I just want to compliment these Con-gressmen for bringing this bill forward and encourage the House to support this. This is a great bill, and it is really the reason why we are here. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS), an-other prime sponsor of this bill, who is from the 13th Congressional District. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about Carl, an Army veteran from Springfield, Illi-nois, who couldn’t get a response from the VA to receive cancer treatment through the VA Choice program. After multiple communications, my office was finally able to get the authoriza-tion from the VA. Bette, from Staunton, Illinois, the wife of a decorated Vietnam vet who served his country for more than a dec-ade, waited over a year for an answer from the VA about benefits owed to her late husband. Finally, my office was successful in getting Bette, who was experiencing financial difficulty at the time, the accrued benefits owed to her husband. Kenneth, of Urbana, Illinois, a Bronze Star recipient while serving in Kuwait, Iraq, and Afghanistan, was de-nied benefits due to a missing doctor’s examination because he was deployed at the time and the VA never resched-uled the appointment. He contacted my office, and we worked with the VA to ensure that the benefits were received. Lawrence, of Palmer, Illinois, an-other Bronze Star and Purple Heart re-cipient, simply wanted a copy of his medical records but never heard back from the VA. After several months, he reached out to our office and we were able to get them from the VA. Another constituent of mine recently asked my office for help after her hus-band, who was a veteran, passed away. She has been waiting for 6 months for an answer from the VA, and now my of-fice continues to wait for a response from the VA. These examples not only show the sometimes incompetence and unre-sponsiveness of certain personnel at the VA, but they also show how impor-tant congressional offices are to get-ting the answers our veterans need and deserve. Many times when a veteran contacts their Member of Congress for help, it is their last resort. It is not their first call. They don’t know where else to turn. Our caseworkers become the mid-dleman between the veteran and the VA. VA casework in my office remains highest in volume. We currently have over 96 open cases, and we have closed nearly 1,000 in the 4 years that I have been in office. Ask almost any case-worker, and they will tell you the VA is one of the most difficult agencies to get a response from. It is unacceptable that it takes this long. That is why the WINGMAN Act, H.R. 5166, needs to be passed. It simply allows our certified constituent case-workers, our advocates, to access cer-tain VA files in order to check the sta-tus and progress of claims. This tech-nology will be used to help our vet-erans get the answers they deserve. It is not going to solve the systemic prob-lems we see at the VA, but it is going to help us hold the VA accountable and get answers for veterans whom we are honored to represent. I want to thank my colleague, Rep-resentative Y
OHO, for working with me and many others on this important piece of legislation; and, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman M
ILLER not only for his help on this, but for his service to this great institution. He is somebody who has put our veterans first as chairman of the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee and somebody who has spent his career making sure that com-monsense proposals like this get en-acted so that our veterans, those whom he cares about the most and we care about the most, get the answers and the responses they deserve. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5166, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 5166, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5166, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill amend title 38, United States Code, to permit veterans to grant access to their records in the databases of the Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration to certain designated con-gressional employees, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
HONORING INVESTMENTS IN RE-CRUITING AND EMPLOYING AMERICAN MILITARY VETERANS ACT OF 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3286) to encourage effec-tive, voluntary private sector invest-ments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual presidential awards to private sector employers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3286 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Honoring In-vestments in Recruiting and Employing American Military Veterans Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘HIRE Vets Act’’. 
SEC. 2. HIRE VETS MEDALLION PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM ESTABLISHED .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Labor shall establish, by rule, a HIRE Vets Medallion Program to solicit voluntary information from employ-ers for purposes of recognizing, by means of an award to be designated a ‘‘HIRE Vets Me-dallion’’, verified efforts by such employers— (1) to recruit, employ, and retain veterans; and (2) to provide community and charitable services supporting the veteran community. (b) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .—Beginning in the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Secretary establishes the program— (1) the Secretary shall annually— (A) solicit and accept voluntary applica-tions from employers in order to consider whether those employers should receive a HIRE Vets Medallion; (B) review applications received in each calendar year; and (C) provide to the President a list of recipi-ents; and (2) the President shall annually— (A) notify such recipients of their awards; and (B) at a time to coincide with the annual commemoration of Veterans Day— (i) announce the names of such recipients; (ii) recognize such recipients through pub-lication in the Federal Register; and (iii) issue to each such recipient— (I) a HIRE Vets Medallion of the level de-termined under section 3; and (II) a certificate stating that such em-ployer is entitled to display such HIRE Vets Medallion during the following calendar year, to be designated a ‘‘HIRE Vets Medal-lion Certificate’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.041 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6341 November 29, 2016 
(c) T IMING .— (1) S
OLICITATION PERIOD .—The Secretary shall solicit applications not later than Jan-uary 31st of each calendar year for the me-dallions to be awarded in November of that calendar year. (2) E
ND OF ACCEPTANCE PERIOD .—The Sec- retary shall stop accepting applications not earlier than April 30th of each calendar year for the medallions to be awarded in Novem-ber of that calendar year. (3) R
EVIEW PERIOD .—The Secretary shall finish reviewing applications not later than August 31st of each calendar year for the me-dallions to be awarded in November of that calendar year. (4) R
ECOMMENDATIONS TO PRESIDENT .—The Secretary shall provide to the President a list of employers to receive HIRE Vets Me-dallions not later than September 30th of each calendar year for the medallions to be awarded in November of that calendar year. (5) N
OTICE TO RECIPIENTS .—The President shall notify employers who will receive HIRE Vets Medallions not later than October 11th of each calendar year for the medallions to be awarded in November of that calendar year. 
SEC. 3. SELECTION OF RECIPIENTS. 
(a) A PPLICATION REVIEW PROCESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-view all applications received in a calendar year to determine whether an employer should receive a HIRE Vets Medallion, and, if so, of what level. (2) A
PPLICATION CONTENTS .—The Secretary shall require that all applications provide in-formation on the programs and other efforts of applicant employers during the calendar year prior to that in which the medallion is to be awarded, including the categories and activities governing the level of award for which the applicant is eligible under sub-section (b). (3) V
ERIFICATION .—In reviewing applica-tions, the Secretary shall verify all informa-tion provided in the applications, to the ex-tent that such information is relevant in de-termining whether or not an applicant should receive a HIRE Vets Medallion or in determining the appropriate level of HIRE Vets Medallion for that employer to receive. (b) A
WARDS .— (1) L
ARGE EMPLOYERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish two levels of HIRE Vets Medallions to be awarded to employers employing 500 or more employees, to be designated the ‘‘Gold HIRE Vets Medallion’’ and the ‘‘Platinum HIRE Vets Medallion’’. (B) G
OLD HIRE VETS MEDALLION .—No em- ployer shall be eligible to receive a Gold HIRE Vets Medallion in a given calendar year unless— (i) veterans constitute not less than 7 per-cent of all employees hired by such employer during the prior calendar year; (ii) such employer has established an em-ployee veteran organization or resource group to assist new veteran employees with integration, including coaching and men-toring; and (iii) such employer has established pro-grams to enhance the leadership skills of veteran employees during their employment. (C) P
LATINUM HIRE VETS MEDALLION .—No employer shall be eligible to receive a Plat-inum HIRE Vets Medallion in a given cal-endar year unless— (i) veterans constitute not less than 10 per-cent of all employees hired by such employer during the prior calendar year; (ii) such employer retains through the end of the prior calendar year not less than 85 percent of veteran employees hired during the calendar year before the prior calendar year; (iii) such employer employs dedicated human resources professionals to support hiring and retention of veteran employees, including efforts focused on veteran hiring and training; (iv) such employer provides each of its em-ployees serving on active duty in the United States National Guard or Reserve with com-pensation sufficient, in combination with the employee’s active duty pay, to achieve a combined level of income commensurate with the employee’s salary prior to under-taking active duty; and (v) such employer has established a tuition assistance program to support veteran em-ployees’ attendance in postsecondary edu-cation during the term of their employment. (D) EXEMPTION FOR SMALLER EMPLOYERS .— An employer shall be deemed to meet the re-quirements of subparagraph (C)(iv) if such employer— (i) employs 5,000 or fewer employees; and (ii) employs at least one human resources professional whose regular work duties in-clude those described under subparagraph (C)(iii). (E) A
DDITIONAL CRITERIA .—The Secretary may provide, by rule, additional criteria with which to determine qualifications for receipt of each level of HIRE Vets Medallion. (2) S
MALL - AND MEDIUM -SIZED EMPLOYERS .— The Secretary shall establish similar awards in order to recognize achievements in sup-porting veterans by— (A) employers with 50 or fewer employees; and (B) employers with more than 50 but fewer than 500 employees. (c) D
ESIGN BY SECRETARY .—The Secretary shall establish the shape, form, and metallic content of each HIRE Vets Medallion. 
SEC. 4. DISPLAY OF AWARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The recipient of a HIRE Vets Medallion may— (1) publicly display such medallion through the end of the calendar year following re-ceipt of such medallion; and (2) publicly display the HIRE Vets Medal-lion Certificate issued in conjunction with such medallion. (b) U
NLAWFUL DISPLAY PROHIBITED .—It is unlawful for any employer to publicly dis-play a HIRE Vets Medallion, in connection with, or as a part of, any advertisement, so-licitation, business activity, or product— (1) for the purpose of conveying, or in a manner reasonably calculated to convey, a false impression that the employer received the medallion through the HIRE Vets Medal-lion Program, if such employer did not re-ceive such medallion through the HIRE Vets Medallion Program; or (2) for the purpose of conveying, or in a manner reasonably calculated to convey, a false impression that the employer received the medallion through the HIRE Vets Medal-lion Program during the preceding calendar year if it is after the end of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such medallion was issued to such employer through the HIRE Vets Medallion Program. 
SEC. 5. APPLICATION FEE AND FUNDING. 
(a) F UND ESTABLISHED .—There is estab-lished in the Treasury of the United States a fund to be designated the ‘‘HIRE Vets Medal-lion Award Fund’’. (b) F
EEAUTHORIZED .—The Secretary may assess a reasonable fee on employers that apply for receipt of a HIRE Vets Medallion and the Secretary shall deposit such fees into the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Fund. The Secretary shall establish the amount of the fee such that the amounts collected as fees and deposited into the Fund are suffi-cient to cover the costs associated with car-rying out this Act. (c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts in the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Fund shall be avail-able, subject to appropriation, to the Sec-retary to carry out the HIRE Vets Medallion Program. SEC. 6. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) R EPORTS .—Beginning not later than two years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress annual reports on— (1) the fees collected from applicants for HIRE Vets Medallions in the prior year and any changes in fees to be proposed in the present year; (2) the cost of administering the HIRE Vets Medallion Program in the prior year; (3) the number of applications for HIRE Vets Medallions received in the prior year; and (4) the HIRE Vets Medallions awarded in the prior year, including the name of each employer to whom a HIRE Vets Medallion was awarded and the level of medallion awarded to each such employer. (b) C
OMMITTEES .—The Secretary shall pro-vide the reports required under subsection (a) to the Chairman and Ranking Member of— (1) the Committees on Education and the Workforce and Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committees on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate. 
SEC. 7. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (a) E
MPLOYER .—The term ‘‘employer’’ has the meaning given such term under section 4303 of title 38, United States Code, except that such term does not include— (1) the Federal Government; (2) any State, as defined in such section; or (3) any foreign state. (b) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Labor. (c) V
ETERAN .—The term ‘‘veteran’’ has the meaning given such term under section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3286, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3286, as amended, would require the Department of Labor to establish a HIRE Vets Medallion Program to recognize and to award em-ployers with a HIRE Vets Medallion for their efforts to recruit, employ, and re-tain veterans, as well as their work to provide community and charitable services to veterans in their local com-munities. While we still have work to do, it is important to note that the veteran un-employment rate has continued to de-crease over recent years and, as of last month, it was at a low of 4.3 percent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.023 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6342 November 29, 2016 
While many factors have led to the continued reduction of the unemploy-ment rate for the men and women who have served, our Nation’s employers in both the public and the private sectors deserve a lot of the credit, and it is im-portant that we highlight the work that these companies have done and publicly recognize their commitment for hiring veterans. With this idea in mind, H.R. 3286, as amended, would authorize the Sec-retary of Labor to create the HIRE Vets Medallion Program, which would recognize employers who hire and re-tain veterans, as well as companies who provide support services to the veterans in their communities. Employers would earn either plat-inum or gold status based on require-ments related to the number of vet-erans hired each year, providing pay equity for guardsmen and Reserve em-ployees who were called up to active military service, and other require-ments. Once these employers have earned a HIRE Vets Medallion, they would be able to publicly display their award to illustrate the work they have done on behalf of veterans and the pri-ority that they place on hiring vet-erans within their workforce. As we work to continue to decrease the national unemployment rate among our men and women who have served, it is vital that we highlight and step up and thank the employers who have employed these individuals and recognize the benefits of hiring a vet-eran. I want to thank Colonel P
AUL COOK of California for introducing and advo-cating for this bill. It has my full and complete support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3286, as amended, the Honoring Invest-ments in Recruiting and Employing American Military Veterans Act of 2016, or the HIRE Vets Act. I thank my colleague and fellow Inland Empire and California Representative Colonel P
AULCOOKfor introducing this innova-tive bill. The HIRE Vets Act directs the De-partment of Labor’s Veterans’ Employ-ment and Training Services, otherwise known as DOL VETS, to establish a HIRE Vets Medallion Program. This program will solicit voluntary infor-mation from private sector employers who successfully recruit, employ, and retain veterans, and allow these em-ployers to display on their marketing materials a recognized medallion as a symbol of their commendable hiring practices. Employers who provide com-munity and charitable services sup-porting veterans will also be eligible to display a HIRE Vets Medallion. Hiring veterans isn’t just the right thing to do from a moral perspective; it also makes good business sense. The men and women who served in our military received invaluable training and experience that has been proven to help them thrive in postmilitary em-ployment, whether in the public or pri-vate sectors. Fortunately, we have been seeing en-couraging trends in veterans’ employ-ment. Thanks to the hard work of DOL VETS, combined with efforts within the private sector and Federal and State governments, the veterans’ un-employment rate in October was 4.3 percent. That is lower than the na-tional unemployment rate, which was 4.9 percent. This continues a 24-month trend, with only a single exception. We can all be very proud of the progress we have made in making sure more veterans are able to find quality, good-paying jobs upon transitioning into civilian life. That said, we want to remain vigilant to make sure that the men and women who signed up to de-fend our Nation enjoy opportunities for growth and prosperity when they re-turn home. Again, I want to thank my colleague, Colonel COOK, for offering this legisla-tion to provide a uniform, recognizable medallion to show our appreciation to companies that hire and retain veteran employees. I am proud to be a cospon-sor of this bill and to stand in support of its passage today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OOK), the sponsor of this legislation, from the Eighth District of California. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, as a combat veteran, I am deeply concerned that the men and women of our Armed Forces continue to struggle to find jobs upon their return to civilian life. These individuals have not only displayed great courage serving their country, but have acquired distinctive skills that make them ideal candidates for employment. Veterans who serve this country hon-orably should never struggle to find employment, which is why I have in-troduced H.R. 3286, the Honoring In-vestments in Recruiting and Employ-ing American Military Veterans Act, the HIRE Vets Act. As already mentioned, this bill cre-ates an innovative system to encourage and recognize employers who make veterans a priority in their hiring prac-tices, incentivizing the creation of thousands of jobs for veterans. This bill goes beyond simply recog-nizing that a business hires veterans. It is critical that we establish a nation-wide gold standard program that cre-ates a strong and consistent brand. This bill is an opportunity for Ameri-cans to see which companies truly live up to the employment promises they made to veterans. It is our duty to ensure veterans re-ceive the benefits and resources they have earned through their services to this country, and that includes encour-aging meaningful job opportunities. I have been around a long while and, of course, have my own experiences from Vietnam, where a lot of veterans returned to their hometown and were shunned; they were ostracized, creating problems in terms of alcohol, drugs, you name it. A lot of it was related to the fact that they couldn’t find a job or people didn’t want to talk to them. This bill, I think, with the help of busi-nesses, goes a long way to correct a problem we have had for many, many years. This bill passed out of the House Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee unanimously, and I want to thank Chairman MILLER  and Ranking Member T
AKANO for their support. I would also like to thank Representative T
ULSI GABBARD for being the original cosponsor of this im-portant legislation. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill. b1715 Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ha-waii (Ms. G
ABBARD ). Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3286, a bill on which I am proud to have worked with my colleague and fellow veteran, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OOK), whose service I honor very much. Every single day, we have roughly 500 veterans who return to civilian life, joining the more than 2.9 million vet-erans who have returned home just since 9/11 alone. Now, some choose to take advantage of educational benefits they have earned, and others choose to jump right back into the workforce. Unfortunately, for many of our vet-erans, making that move is not as sim-ple as submitting a resume and waiting for a call back. Our veterans, unfortunately, often face sometimes an unfriendly job mar-ket or an unfriendly job culture that does not fully understand their needs and the unique challenges of transitioning from military service-member life to civilian life. Now, we have taken some important steps to encourage employers to hire more veterans, and we have seen the total percentage of unemployed vet-erans drop by 1.5 percent over the past year. While this is progress, the fact is, we still have over 400,000 veterans un-employed today. This tells us that more must be done, not only to get them employed but to make sure that they are employed in meaningful, good-paying jobs. I recently hosted a panel of experts from both the public and private sector where we talked about how we can bet-ter empower our veterans in the tech sector specifically. The tech industry has experienced unprecedented growth over the past decade and is the fastest growing sector in our economy. Yet, so far, veterans remain largely underrep-resented, making up just 2 percent of this fast-growing industry. Now, it is not because they are not qualified. It is not because they don’t have what it takes to do the job. Through their service and training, our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.044 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6343 November 29, 2016 
highly trained men and women develop the ability to lead, make decisions under pressure, act as a member of a team and accomplish the mission. The bottom line is they get the job done. These skills make them especially val-uable to employers, whether it be in the tech industry or in any other busi-ness, nonprofit, or civic leadership po-sition. That is why I am proud to join my fellow veteran and friend, Congressman P
AULCOOK, today in support of this im-portant legislation because it incentivizes employers to hire and re-tain veterans by creating a standard of recognition for those who go the extra mile to recruit and retain veterans, and provide services that support our veteran community. I strongly urge our colleagues to pass this legislation and help serve and em-power our veterans and businesses to thrive. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I have no more requests for time at this point. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I yield myself such time as I may consume. It just strikes me, Colonel C
OOK, I know we have named this act the HIRE Vets Act, and knowing of your service in Vietnam, and so many of the Viet-nam veterans that live in the Inland Empire, we could also call this the Welcome Home Act because nothing is more welcoming than a job. I share your passion for caring about our veterans in the Inland Empire, and in California, of course, all over our country, and I certainly honor your service to our country. So I urge all my colleagues to sup-port—to join me in passing H.R. 3286, and I look forward to seeing those me-dallions in many businesses across your district and mine in California. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3286, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3286, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NO HERO LEFT UNTREATED ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5600) to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide access to magnetic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy to veterans, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5600 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘No Hero Left Untreated Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Magnetic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy has successfully treated more than 400 veterans with post-traumatic stress dis-order, traumatic brain injury, military sex-ual trauma, chronic pain, and opiate addic-tion. (2) Recent clinical trials and randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind studies have produced promising measurable outcomes in the evolution of magnetic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy. (3) These outcomes have resulted in esca-lating demand from returning warriors and veterans who are seeking access to this treatment. (4) Congress recognizes the importance of initiating innovative pilot programs that demonstrate the use and effectiveness of new treatment options for post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, military sexual trauma, chronic pain, and opiate ad-diction. 
SEC. 3. MAGNETIC EEG/EKG-GUIDED RESONANCE THERAPY PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall carry out a pilot program to provide access to magnetic EEG/EKG- guided resonance therapy to treat larger populations of veterans suffering from post- traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, military sexual trauma, chronic pain, or opiate addiction. (b) L
OCATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program under subsection (a) at not more than two facilities of the Depart-ment of Veteran Affairs. (c) P
ARTICIPANTS .—In carrying out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Sec-retary may not provide access to magnetic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy to more than 50 veterans. (d) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program under subsection (a) for a one-year period. (e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the termination of the pilot pro-gram under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the pilot program. (f) N
OAUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA -
TIONS .—No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the require-ments of this section. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise their remarks and add extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I do rise today in support of H.R. 5600, as amended, the No Hero Left Un-treated Act. There is no greater priority we have as a grateful nation than to care for those who have been wounded in the service of our country and to ensure that they are provided with the most successful treatments, including those that are new and are promising to as-sist them on their path to recovery. H.R. 5600, as amended, would require the Department of Veterans Affairs to carry out a 1-year pilot program to provide access to magnetic EEG/EKG- guided resonance therapy to veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, chronic pain, opiate addiction, or who have experi-enced military sexual trauma. Magnetic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy has proven effective in ad-dressing symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain in-jury among veteran patients. For ex-ample, in a 2015 study, veteran patients experienced an almost 50 percent re-duction in symptom severity after just 2 weeks of using this therapy. Though the pilot this bill would cre-ate is limited, I am hopeful that it will provide the needed data to support the provision of this promising new treat-ment for many more servicemembers and veterans in the future. This bill is sponsored by our good friend, Congressman STEVE KNIGHT  from California, and I am grateful to him for sponsoring this legislation to increase access to innovative treat-ment for America’s heroes. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5600, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5600, as amended, the No Hero Left Untreated Act. This bill is designed to create a pilot program in the VA to determine if magnetic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy technology is appropriate for larger populations of veterans suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, military sexual trauma, chronic pain, or opiate addic-tion. Under this treatment, a veteran’s EEG and EKG are analyzed to ascer-tain the brain’s patterns of function and detect any possible abnormalities. This information is used to develop a personalized treatment for each pa-tient aimed at restoring the brain to its optimal state. It is essential that the VA continue to explore new and innovative treat-ments, like resonance therapy, that can offer breakthroughs for veterans and servicemembers suffering from PTSD and other traumas. For more than 90 years, the Veterans Affairs Re-search and Development program has been improving the lives of veterans and all Americans through healthcare discovery and innovation. VA research is unique because of its focus on health issues that affect vet-erans. It is part of an integrated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.046 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6344 November 29, 2016 
healthcare system that coordinates care for veterans and affiliates with university medical schools and teach-ing hospitals to train our healthcare providers and perform groundbreaking medical research. I look forward to learning more about this treatment and its effects on those veterans who have continued to suffer from the wounds of combat trau-ma here at home. Innovative pilot pro-grams and continued investment in re-search will help to ensure that our Na-tion’s veterans get the high-quality care they have earned and deserve. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the 25th District of California (Mr. K
NIGHT ), the prime sponsor of this important piece of legislation. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chair and ranking member for their support of this piece of legis-lation. The No Hero Left Untreated Act is just that. We expect our young war-riors to protect our values and our ideals, and we, as Americans, should do nothing less than to take care of them when they return home. The No Hero Left Untreated Act is a new and inno-vative way of looking at how we can treat our veterans, and I think that that is what people in America are looking for. They are looking for how we can help our veterans in new and in-novative ways. Well, this is one of those. This is a way that we have taken 500 veterans, we have given them this treatment, and about 95 percent of them have said that they have had some difference in their life because of the treatment. Sixty-one percent have said that it is a dramatic change be-cause of this treatment. If we took those numbers and we took them to any kind of treatment or any kind of medical help across this country, I think that all of the physicians and all of the medical industry would say: yes, those are great numbers. So what we are trying to do here is we are going to put it into two of our medical facilities; put it into two of our VA centers, and we are going to collect some data on the enormous suc-cesses that we have seen in the past and hopefully in the future. Then, I hope to come back at a certain time in the future and say: this has been great; the data that we have collected has helped our veterans, has helped our warriors when they have come home. Let’s put this across the country. I expect that everyone in every dis-trict across this country, when they see this, these types of successes, would want to put it into their VA fa-cilities. So that is kind of our goal in what we are trying to do here. Mental and physical injuries are part of battle. Treatment that works should be pushed by our legislative bodies. It shouldn’t be stagnated. And that is ex-actly what this body is doing. We are looking at this, and we are saying: this is working. Why wouldn’t we push it? I thank everyone for looking at this in a bipartisan measure and saying this will help our veterans. Let’s move this forward. This therapy has shown enormous successes, and I think that when the American people look at this and they say, we have got these successes, let’s make sure that we push this forward, I think that we should also look at other treatments that might not be having these types of successes and saying, you know what, we can do different changes, and the medical industry, I am sure, would support that. So that is what we are trying to do with the No Hero Left Untreated Act. That is why we have named it that be-cause that is exactly what we want. We don’t want to leave any hero un-treated. I appreciate the support from both sides of the aisle, and I ask for support of this important measure. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I encourage my col-leagues to support this legislation and join me in passing H.R. 5600, as amend-ed. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I too encourage my colleagues to sup-port this piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5600, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TIBOR RUBIN VA MEDICAL CENTER Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6323) to name the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs health care system in Long Beach, California, the ‘‘Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6323 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. NAME OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS HEALTH CARE SYS-TEM, LONG BEACH, CALIFORNIA. 
The Department of Veterans Affairs health care system located at 5901 East 7th Street, Long Beach, California, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center’’. Any reference to such health care system in any law, regulation, map, docu-ment, record, or other paper of the United States shall be considered to be a reference to the Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and add extraneous material on H.R. 6323. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I do rise today in support of H.R. 6323, a bill to name the Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare system in Long Beach, California, the Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center. Mr. Speaker, as a young man, Cor-poral Tibor Rubin survived 14 months in a German concentration camp in Austria during World War II before it was liberated by the United States Army. Corporal Rubin was so inspired by the American soldiers who rescued him that he eventually moved to the United States, enlisted in the Army, and be-came a United States citizen. He was deployed as a member of the 1st Cav-alry Division during the Korean war, and was eventually captured by the North Korean military. During his captivity, he provided cru-cial moral support and improvised medical support to his fellow prisoners of war. For his service, Corporal Rubin was awarded two Purple Hearts and the Congressional Medal of Honor. Sadly, he passed away just last year. After such an outstanding life of serv-ice and survival, it is only appropriate that we honor Corporal Rubin by nam-ing the Long Beach VA Medical Center after him. H.R. 6323 satisfies the Com-mittee’s naming criteria and is sup-ported by the entire California congres-sional delegation, as well as many local veterans service organizations. b1730 I am grateful to Congressman L
OWENTHAL for sponsoring this legisla-tion, and I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6323, to name the Department of Veterans Affairs health care system in Long Beach, California, the Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center. What a remarkable story about Tibor Rubin. Tibor Rubin survived the Mauthausen concentration camp for 14 months before being liberated by American soldiers in May of 1945. After immigrating to the United States in 1948, he enlisted in the United States Army and volunteered to serve in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.048 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6345 November 29, 2016 
Korea despite not being required to serve overseas as a non-U.S. citizen. While in Korea, Corporal Rubin was ordered to defend a road while his divi-sion was in retreat. He held that posi-tion for 24 hours until the 8th Cavalry could safely withdraw. Corporal Rubin spent 30 months as a prisoner of war in North Korea, where testimony from his fellow prisoners de-tailed his willingness to sacrifice for the others. He helped his fellow POWs by sneaking out of the camp at night and foraging for food, stealing from enemy supplies, and bringing back what he could to help the soldiers im-prisoned with him. He declined the offer of his Communist captors to re-turn him to Soviet Hungary, his coun-try of origin, to help protect those from his adopted country. ‘‘He shared the food evenly among the GIs,’’ a fellow prisoner wrote. ‘‘He also took care of us, nursed us, carried us to the latrine.’’ This GI also added, ‘‘Helping his fellow men was the most important thing to him.’’ For these actions and more, Mr. Rubin was awarded the Medal of Honor in 2005. For all that this brave immi-grant did to protect the freedoms of our great country, we are honored to be able to name this VA Medical Center after him. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 8 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from California, who has been such a great leader on veterans’ issues. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Holocaust survivor and Medal of Honor recipient and a person that I knew personally before he passed away, Mr. Tibor ‘‘Ted’’ Rubin. With the support of all 53 members of the California delegation, both Cali-fornia Senators, and many of my State’s leading veterans’ groups, I re-cently introduced H.R. 6323, legislation to name the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Long Beach as the Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center. As was already noted, Tibor Rubin was born in Hungary on June 18, 1929. During World War II, he survived 14 months in a Nazi concentration camp in Austria, where both his parents and both of his sisters would eventually die. Liberated by the United States Army, he was inspired by the American soldiers who rescued him, immigrating to the United States and enlisting in the United States Army. He was de-ployed to Korea as a member of the United States Army’s 8th Cavalry Regiment, 1st Cavalry Division during the Korean war. Despite facing religious discrimina-tion from his sergeant who sent him on the most dangerous patrols and mis-sions and withheld his Medal of Honor commendation, Tibor fought valiantly in several notable engagements. In one such engagement, Tibor enabled the complete withdrawal of his com-patriots to the Pusan Perimeter by solely defending a hill under an over-whelming assault by North Korean troops. During this engagement, he in-flicted a staggering number of casual-ties on the attacking force during his personal 24-hour battle, single- handedly slowing the enemy’s advance and allowing the 8th Cavalry to with-draw successfully. Following the successful U.S. Army breakout from the Pusan Perimeter and advance into North Korea, Tibor was personally responsible for the cap-ture of several hundred North Korean soldiers. In an additional engagement near Usan, Chinese forces attacked his unit during a massive nighttime assault. For nearly 24 hours, he remained at his post with a .30-caliber machine gun at the south end of the unit’s line until his ammunition was exhausted. His de-termined stand slowed the pace of the enemy advance into his sector, permit-ting the remnants of his unit to retreat southward. However, as the battle raged, Tibor was severely wounded and captured by the Chinese. While in Chi-nese custody, he refused to be repatri-ated to Hungary, instead choosing to remain in the prison camp. He would refuse the offer on numerous occasions. Tibor disregarded his own personal safety and immediately began sneak-ing out of the camp at night in search of food for his fellow prisoners. Break-ing into enemy food storehouses and gardens, he risked certain torture or death if caught. Tibor provided not only food for the starving soldiers, but also desperately needed medical care and moral support for the sick and wounded of the POW camp. As one of his fellow prisoners re-counted about the camp: ‘‘Tibor did many good deeds, which he told us were mitzvahs in the Jewish tradition. He was a very religious Jew, and help-ing his fellow men was the most impor-tant thing to him.’’ Tibor’s brave, selfless efforts were di-rectly attributed to saving the lives of as many as 40 of his fellow prisoners. As his Medal of Honor citation reads: ‘‘Corporal Rubin’s gallant actions in close contact with the enemy and unyielding courage and bravery while a prisoner of war are in the highest tra-ditions of military service and reflect great credit upon himself and the United States Army.’’ It is worth noting that Tibor was nominated in the field on four occa-sions for the Medal of Honor. When he was finally presented his Medal of Honor in 2005, it was not presented by President George W. Bush for a single act of heroism. It was instead pre-sented for nearly his entire 3 years of service in the Korean war. Tibor was fiercely proud of the coun-try he adopted. When he was later asked about his decision to immigrate to the United States, he said: ‘‘I always wanted to become a citizen of the United States, and when I became a citizen, it was one of the happiest days in my life. ‘‘I think about the United States, and I am a lucky person to live here. ‘‘When I came to America, it was the first time I was free. It was one of the reasons I joined the U.S. Army, be-cause I wanted to show my apprecia-tion. ‘‘It is the best country in the world, and I am part of it now. I do not have to worry about the Gestapo knocking on my doors.’’ I am proud to say that after his serv-ice, Tibor became a longtime resident of Garden Grove, California, in my dis-trict. It was still his home when he passed away on December 5, 2015, and it was the Long Beach VA Hospital where he received his medical services for over 50 years. It was my great honor to meet Tibor and to represent him in Congress. He was a survivor, a soldier, a nurse, a compatriot, and a wonderful citizen. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. What an amazing and inspiring story behind Corporal Rubin. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation, H.R. 6323. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I, too, encourage all of our colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6323. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REAFFIRMING LONGSTANDING UNITED STATES POLICY IN SUP-PORT OF A DIRECT BILAT-ERALLY NEGOTIATED SETTLE-MENT OF THE ISRAELI-PALES-TINIAN CONFLICT Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the con-current resolution (H. Con. Res. 165) ex-pressing the sense of Congress and re-affirming longstanding United States policy in support of a direct bilaterally negotiated settlement of the Israeli- Palestinian conflict and opposition to United Nations Security Council reso-lutions imposing a solution to the con-flict. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 165 Whereas the United States has long sup-ported a negotiated settlement leading to a sustainable two-state solution with the democratic, Jewish state of Israel and a democratic Palestinian state living side-by- side in peace and security; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.052 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6346 November 29, 2016 
Whereas it is the long-standing policy of the United States Government that a peace-ful resolution to the Israeli-Palestinian con-flict will only come through direct, bilateral negotiations between the two parties; Whereas President Barack Obama reiter-ated this policy at the United Nations Gen-eral Assembly in 2011, stating, ‘‘Peace is hard work. Peace will not come through statements and resolutions at the United Na-tions—if it were that easy, it would have been accomplished by now. Ultimately, it is the Israelis and the Palestinians who must live side by side. Ultimately, it is the Israelis and the Palestinians—not us—who must reach agreement on the issues that divide them . . .’’; Whereas the Palestinian Authority has failed to end incitement to hatred and vio-lence through Palestinian Authority-di-rected institutions against Israel and Israelis, and end payments to prisoners and the families of those who have engaged in terrorism or acts of violence against Israelis or the State of Israel; Whereas the Palestinian Authority has continued to provide payments to prisoners and the families of those who have engaged in terrorism or acts of violence against Israelis or the State of Israel, including re-ports of approximately $300 million in 2016; Whereas efforts to impose a solution or pa-rameters for a solution can make negotia-tions more difficult and can set back the cause of peace; Whereas it is long-standing practice of the United States Government to oppose and, if necessary, veto United Nations Security Council resolutions dictating additional binding parameters on the peace process; Whereas it is also the historic position of the United States Government to oppose and veto, if necessary, one-sided or anti-Israel resolutions at the United Nations Security Council; Whereas and for this reason, the United States has vetoed 42 Israel-related resolu-tions in the United Nations Security Council since 1972; Whereas the Palestinian Authority must engage in broad, meaningful, and systemic reforms in order to ultimately prepare its in-stitutions and people for statehood and peaceful coexistence with Israel; and Whereas unilateral recognition of a Pales-tinian state would bypass negotiations and undermine incentives for the Palestinian Au-thority to make the changes necessary that are prerequisites for peace: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), that it is the sense of Congress that— (1) a durable and sustainable peace agree-ment between Israel and the Palestinians will come only through direct bilateral nego-tiations between the parties; (2) any widespread international recogni-tion of a unilateral declaration of Pales-tinian statehood outside of the context of a peace agreement with Israel would cause se-vere harm to the peace process, and would likely trigger the implementation of pen-alties under sections 7036 and 7041(j) of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub-lic Law 114–113); (3) efforts by outside bodies, including the United Nations Security Council, to impose an agreement or parameters for an agree-ment are likely to set back the cause of peace; (4) the United States Government should continue to oppose and veto United Nations Security Council resolutions that seek to impose solutions to final status issues, or are one-sided and anti-Israel; and (5) the United States Government should continue to support and facilitate the re-sumption of negotiations without pre-conditions between Israelis and Palestinians toward a sustainable peace agreement. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous materials in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ), and thank Mr. B RAD S
HERMAN of California as well for working with me in a bipartisan man-ner to bring this important resolution to the floor today. There is a growing concern in Con-gress—it is a concern felt on both sides of the aisle—that despite established, bipartisan United States policy, the Obama administration may end the practice of vetoing resolutions in the Security Council that strayed from the principle that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict can only be resolved through direct negotiations between the par-ties. This administration could also end the related practice of vetoing Se-curity Council resolutions that are one-sided or anti-Israel. This is a real concern. Press reports—including one today—suggest that such a one-sided resolution could be submitted in days. Worse, the Obama administration could support a resolution at the U.N. Security Council setting parameters for a final settlement between Israel and the Palestinians. U.S. policy has long and wisely been that only Israelis and Palestinians can work out a peace agreement between themselves and that efforts to impose one would be counterproductive. Whatever param-eters the U.N. established would be un-acceptable to any Israeli Government— a government to the left or a govern-ment to the right—making it impos-sible to see any future peace. What on Earth today, at this point in time, suggests that Israel has a willing partner in peace? Not at this moment. Our committee has held hearings to expose the current Palestinian Authority’s complicity in inciting violence against the State of Israel as well as against Israelis. Mr. Speaker, Israel is contending with a deep-seated hatred. It is a deep- seated hatred nurtured, unfortunately, by Palestinian leaders over radio and also in direct communication with the population many, many years, whether it was in the mosques or the schools or the newspapers or on television. As one witness told the committee: ‘‘Incitement’’ is the term we usually use, but that is not really what we mean. Hatred is what we mean, teaching generations of Palestinians to hate Jews by demonizing and dehumanizing them. 
That is the nature of the problem. Unfortunately, some Palestinians are lured to terrorism with more than just words. Since 2003, it has been Pales-tinian law to reward Palestinian ter-rorists in Israeli jails with a monthly paycheck. The Palestinian Authority and the Palestinian Liberation Organi-zation use a so-called martyrs’ fund to pay the families of Palestinian pris-oners and to pay suicide bombers. b1745 This pay-to-play scheme has got to stop, period. In the face of such hatred, the United States must stand firm. The Israel-Palestinian conflict can only be resolved through direct negotiations between the parties. I again thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ), as well, for their work on this resolu-tion. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 165. This is a bipartisan resolution put forward by the chair and ranking mem-ber of our committee, Mr. R
OYCE and Mr. E
NGEL , cosponsored by myself, with a host of other bipartisan cospon-sors. This resolution comes at a precarious time for the two-state solution, with a new administration preparing to enter office and as turmoil continues in the Middle East. I, myself, have always been a supporter of a negotiated solu-tion between the Israeli and Pales-tinian sides of this conflict which would result in a secure, democratic Jewish State of Israel alongside a sta-ble and democratic state for the Pales-tinian people. This resolution reaffirms this com-mitment, which has been longstanding American policy. The United States has provided important leadership as the two parties have negotiated. We would hope to see bilateral negotia-tions in the future. Peace must be made by the parties themselves. A peace settlement will only come through direct bilateral negotiations. These negotiations are delicate and they are complicated. As President Barack Obama said in 2011: ‘‘Peace is hard work. Peace will not come through statements and reso-lutions at the United Nations. If it were that easy, it would have been ac-complished by now.’’ The President continued: ‘‘Ultimately, it is the Israelis and the Palestinians who must live side by side. Ultimately, it is the Israelis and the Palestinians, not us, who must reach agreement on the issues that divide them . . . ‘’ This resolution is consistent with ad-ministration policy and consistent with the policy of several prior admin-istrations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.026 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6347 November 29, 2016 
We must heed this advice. Imposing a solution on the parties will not work. In fact, it will be counterproductive to peace. It would undermine incentives for the Palestinian authority to make the necessary changes that are pre-requisites for peace. Statehood can be accomplished by ensuring security, eliminating incitement, and dem-onstrating that the Palestinian side can live peacefully with Israel. This resolution expresses a sense of Congress as follows: That the Israeli-Palestinian peace will come only through direct bilateral negotiations; That recognition of a Palestinian state without a peace deal would cause harm to the peace process; That efforts by outside bodies to im-pose an agreement or the parameters for an agreement are likely to set back the peace process; The United States should veto any one-sided United Nations Security Council resolutions, or those resolu-tions that would seek to impose solu-tions on final status issues—again, con-sistent with the administration poli-cies; And finally, of course, that America will continue to support negotiations without preconditions between the Israelis and the Palestinians. The Palestinian people deserve a state of their own. The Israeli people deserve to live in peace as Jews in the State of Israel. In this spirit, I call upon my colleagues to join us in pass-ing this resolution. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Afri-ca, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organiza-tions. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise in strong support of H. Con. Res. 165, in support of direct bilateral negotiations to resolve the Israeli-Pal-estinian conflict, introduced by Chair-man R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL . This resolution is much more than a restatement of longstanding U.S. policy. It is an urgent defense of our commitments to the State of Israel in the face of innumerable threats. The United States has long insisted that the only path to peace for the Israelis and Palestinians is through di-rect, bilateral negotiations. Any so- called resolution imposed from the out-side is doomed to failure because it in-herently lacks the political support of both parties to the conflict. Peace-making is hard work, but that reality has not stopped others from looking for a shortcut. The U.N. Security Council is one such forum that has served as a plat-form for anti-Israel schemes for many, many years. Thankfully, the United States has always resolutely imposed such unilateralism and, when nec-essary, through both Democratic and Republican White Houses, has always resolutely used the veto. Since 1972, the United States has used its veto power 42 times to block anti-Israel measures in the Security Council. How-ever, in the closing days of this admin-istration, this longstanding policy is being called into question. Mr. Speaker, there are many reports that President Obama is considering moving the needle on the peace process before he leaves office by supporting a U.N. Security Council resolution en-shrining certain conditions for peace. Just last month, The New York Times editorial board came out forcefully in favor of this scheme. The editorial board wrote: ‘‘The best idea under dis-cussion now would be to have the United Nations Security Council, in an official resolution, lay down guidelines for a peace agreement covering such issues as Israel’s security, the future of Jerusalem, the fate of Palestinian refu-gees and borders for both states.’’ On the contrary, this is just about the worst idea. It would have the effect of dangerously undercutting the peace process. Israel’s security, the future of Jerusalem, Palestinian refugees, and borders—anyone familiar with this issue knows—are the four most sen-sitive matters at stake in this conflict and should not be imposed from with-out. The United States ought to be very clear when faced with such pro-posals. Any attempt to determine the fate of these issues outside of direct, bilateral talks undermines the sov-ereignty of our strong ally Israel, de-stroys goodwill, and threatens to pro-long the conflict further. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ROYCE. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Sadly, the drumbeat for unilateral United Nations action on this issue continues. On Oc-tober 14, the U.N. Security Council held a special debate, titled, ‘‘Illegal Israeli Settlements: Obstacles to Peace and the Two-State Solution.’’ The ses-sion was held at the request of Secu-rity Council members Egypt, Ven-ezuela, Malaysia, Senegal, and Angola, with the backing of the Palestinians. Such one-sided initiatives only damage prospects for peace. Last April, 390 Members of the House on both sides of the aisle signed a let-ter to the President. It was signed by so many of us, including some in this room, including N
ITA LOWEY , K AY G
RANGER , KAREN BASS, TEDDEUTCH , I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , EDROYCE , ELIOT E
NGEL , K EVIN MCCARTHY , S TENY  H
OYER , NANCY PELOSI , and myself—390 in all—that laid out the simple prin-ciples that have guided our policy. These principles include: A refusal to support counter-productive efforts aimed at imposing a solution on the parties; Opposition to Palestinian efforts to seek recognition of statehood status in international bodies; and A willingness to oppose, if need be, a one-sided U.N. resolution by way of a veto. I urge my colleagues to vote for this resolution. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ), my friend, for yielding. I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 165, reaffirming longstanding U.S. pol-icy in support of a direct, bilaterally negotiated settlement of the Israeli- Palestinian conflict. For several decades, the United States has maintained a consistent, bi-partisan policy toward the conflict that supports a two-state solution and opposes settlement expansion. Explicit congressional support for the two-state solution is critically important, espe-cially in light of President-elect Don-ald Trump’s previous statements on this very subject. My friends on the other side have in-dicated an abiding fear that something bad might happen at the U.N. in the waning 52 days of the Obama adminis-tration. I don’t share that concern. What I am concerned about is the next 4 years and what Donald Trump will do to the longstanding, bipartisan support for a two-state solution that has been the cornerstone of American policy. If he pulls out of that commitment, then you are right, Middle East peace is at risk, but it is not because of what Obama is going to do over the next 52 days. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, which reiterates that long-standing, bipartisan support for a two- state solution, and help combat the un-predictability of U.S. foreign policy in these difficult days of transition. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ), who chairs the Foreign Affairs Sub-committee on the Middle East and North Africa. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as always, I want to thank our esteemed chairman, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OYCE ), as well as our rank-ing member, the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ), who is so wonder-fully represented by the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ). I thank Mr. R
OYCE and Mr. E NGEL for author-ing this very important resolution, which I am proud to cosponsor. And while I fully support this measure and I urge all of my colleagues to back it as well, I wish that this resolution was not needed; but, sadly, we know better. The fact that we need to bring this up for debate and pass a resolution urg-ing a United States administration to uphold longstanding U.S. policy as it relates to the peace process is telling and also disappointing, Mr. Speaker. These next 2 months are going to be crucial for our friend and ally, the democratic Jewish State of Israel, and the U.S.-Israel alliance, which must re-main ever strong. Israel is facing a con-stant barrage by the Palestinians and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.056 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6348 November 29, 2016 
their supporters at the United Nations, and there are indications that Abu Mazen will once again attempt to fur-ther his plan for unilateral statehood through the Security Council. Ordinarily, any attempt to dictate a two-state solution or impose param-eters on negotiations between the Israelis and the Palestinians would be summarily dismissed by the United States. However, sadly, it has become clear over the past year that this ad-ministration may be looking to take unprecedented action; and, in fact, we have heard that the administration has been actively seeking ways in which it could force the Israelis into making dangerous concessions. I have asked Secretary Kerry, I have asked Ambassador Power, our Ambas-sador to the U.N., I have asked Ambas-sador Patterson and nearly every ad-ministration official who has come be-fore our Foreign Affairs Committee headed by Mr. R
OYCE and Mr. E NGEL if President Obama will uphold long-standing U.S. policy and will veto any Security Council resolution related to Israel. Each one has evaded the ques-tion, refusing to reaffirm this long-standing, unambiguous, noncontrover-sial policy. We hear speak of one-sided resolu-tions, but that is slick administration talk. Who defines the one-sidedness? It should have been a resounding blanket statement—it is easy—that the Presi-dent believes that the only way to a real and lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians must come through direct bilateral negotiations between the two, and lacking that, yes, we will urge the President to veto it. It is not hard. Peace cannot be forced. Any short- term achievement an imposed solution will bring will be far outweighed by the long-term damage that it will cause. Mr. Speaker, this is a lameduck ad-ministration; and it should go without saying that any action, whether it be at the U.N. or undertaken unilaterally, aimed at forcing solutions to final sta-tus issues will be detrimental to the prospects of peace and would harm both Israelis and Palestinians. I support this measure, strongly, brought forth by Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL . I urge my col-leagues to support it to reaffirm long-standing U.S. policy that true peace between the Israelis and the Palestin-ians can only come between direct bi-lateral negotiations between them, and to urge the administration to not allow the Palestinian scheme of unilateral statehood to gain any legitimacy at the U.N. b1800 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD), a member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services. Mr. DOLD. I thank my good friend, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ), for yielding the time. Mr. Speaker, I, too, stand in strong support of H. Con. Res. 165. What I find so fascinating is that we need here in the United States to re-spect Israel’s democratically elected leadership. They are a nation, and they are our one true ally; and any efforts by the United Nations or by any other body to try to impose a two-state solu-tion, frankly, I think, is detrimental and reckless. We should never try to force their hand. Frankly, what we find now is it is not the time to try to es-tablish a legacy for an administration that has just a very few short days left by attempting a reckless Hail Mary pass. We here do want a two-state solu-tion, which I think is important to note, but it must be done by direct ne-gotiations by the two parties; and when the United States pressures Israel, all we do is weaken the chances for long- term, durable peace. My good friend from Virginia talked about his actually being fearful of the next administration. Let me simply say that I hope this body will stand in bipartisan support to ensure that any administration does not pressure Israel. We understand that a long-last-ing peace, which is what we are hoping for, comes through direct, bilateral ne-gotiations. I, for one, am hopeful that this body will stand united to make sure that the world knows that we stand shoulder to shoulder with our one true ally— Israel—and with the hope that the ad-ministration and the United Nations Security Council will veto any efforts by the United Nations to try to unilat-erally put a statehood in there for the Palestinians. We know that true peace can only happen through direct, bilat-eral negotiations. Mr. Speaker, again, I stand in strong support of Mr. ROYCE ’s and Mr. E NGEL ’s resolution, and I sincerely hope that my colleagues will stand together, in bipartisan support, to make sure that this administration does not take steps that will weaken Israel’s hand in going forward. I hope, in going forward, in administration after administration, that this body will stand as we do today—in bipartisan support. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, this resolution reaffirms longstanding American policy that can be summa-rized in five points: talks must be di-rect and bilateral; a solution cannot be imposed on the parties; both sides must be willing to make important com-promises; disagreements should be re-solved privately; and the United States should work closely with the State of Israel. This resolution deserves the support of those on both sides of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. In the past, both Republican and Democratic administrations have rec-ognized that efforts to internationalize the Israeli-Palestinian conflict are not a substitute for direct negotiations be-tween the parties. In fact, such an ap-proach can undermine these negotia-tions. Direct negotiations between the parties, not a U.N. dictate, are the only way, in our view, to bring about a peaceful coexistence. After all, direct negotiations mean legitimatizing the other party, which, unfortunately, is why Palestinian leaders routinely shun them. Other past Presidents have pushed peace initiatives in the final hours of their administrations. Indeed, the Obama administration has pointedly not ruled out allowing the U.N. Secu-rity Council to dictate the terms of peace negotiations. That, in fact, is what has given rise to our bipartisan concerns about this process. In the ab-sence of a clear answer from the ad-ministration as to whether it will con-tinue to use that veto power at the United Nations, this bipartisan ap-proach here, with this resolution, takes a stand. I strongly urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the resolution so that the bipartisan policy of encouraging direct negotiations con-tinues and is endorsed loud and clear. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, the House’s consideration of H. Con. Res. 165 is given special relevance by the presidential transition now underway. The resolution sends an important message to the incoming Administration: that the United States Congress reaffirms our nation’s commitment to supporting nego-tiations between Israel and the Palestinians in pursuit of a just and lasting two-state solution, and that the United States Congress reaffirms a supportive and constructive role, for our coun-try in facilitating resolution of the conflict. Unfortunately, the resolution also contains overly broad and negative language con-cerning third-party efforts to facilitate an agreement. Still, it does not preclude the United States from putting forward ideas for bridging differences between the parties, for articulating suggestions that fill in gaps, for of-fering a nonbinding comprehensive framework to help bring the Israelis and Palestinians to the negotiating table—just as Republican and Democrat Administrations have done in the past. It is my hope, in fact, that the Obama ad-ministration might in the coming weeks ‘‘help provide a political horizon for ending the con-flict’’—I’m quoting now from House Resolution 686, introduced by Representative Y
ARMUTH  and myself and cosponsored by 64 mem-bers—‘‘by articulating a non-binding vision of what a comprehensive final status agreement might entail that could help foster and guide revived negotiations between the parties.’’ The resolution also encourages the U.S. government to ‘‘firmly articulate 49 years of consistent, bipartisan United States opposition to settlement expansion.’’ We must be vigilant in protecting 50 years of bipartisan policy to help the Israelis and Palestinians reach as viable two-state solution in order to protect Israel as a secure, demo-cratic, and Jewish state, and to end the cycle of violence that has plagued the region. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.058 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6349 November 29, 2016 
As a longstanding supporter of the special relationship between the United States and Israel, I believe the United States must remain steadfast in its commitment to help Israel de-fend itself, to ensure that Israelis and Palestin-ians feel that a viable political horizon to end-ing this conflict continues to exist despite the current absence of ongoing, productive nego-tiations, and to stand ready to help create bet-ter conditions for peace—so that real and achievable progress may prove viable in the months and years ahead. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent reso-lution, H. Con. Res. 165. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concur-rent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ENCOURAGING REUNIONS OF DI-VIDED KOREAN AMERICAN FAMI-LIES Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the con-current resolution (H. Con. Res. 40) en-couraging reunions of divided Korean American families. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 40 Whereas the Republic of Korea (hereinafter in this resolution referred to as ‘‘South Korea’’) and the Democratic People’s Repub-lic of Korea (hereinafter in this resolution referred to as ‘‘North Korea’’) remain divided since the armistice agreement was signed on July 27, 1953; Whereas the United States, which as a sig-natory to the armistice agreement as rep-resenting the United Nations Forces Com-mand, and with 28,500 of its troops currently stationed in South Korea, has a stake in peace on the Korean Peninsula and is home to more than 1,700,000 Americans of Korean descent; Whereas the division on the Korean Penin-sula separated more than 10,000,000 Korean family members, including some who are now citizens of the United States; Whereas there have been 19 rounds of fam-ily reunions between South Koreans and North Koreans along the border since 2000; Whereas Congress signaled its interest in family reunions between United States Citi-zens and their relatives in North Korea in section 1265 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181), signed into law by President George W. Bush on January 28, 2008; Whereas the number of more than 100,000 estimated divided family members in the United States last identified in 2001 has been significantly dwindling as many of them have passed away; Whereas many Korean Americans are wait-ing for a chance to meet their relatives in North Korea for the first time in more than 60 years; and Whereas peace on the Korean Peninsula re-mains a long-term goal for the Governments of South Korea and the United States, and would mean greater security and stability for the region and the world: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That Congress— (1) encourages North Korea to allow Ko-rean Americans to meet with their family members from North Korea; and (2) calls on North Korea to take concrete steps to build goodwill that is conducive to peace on the Korean Peninsula. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any ex-traneous material for the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. As the Republican coauthor of this measure, I rise in strong support of H. Con. Res. 40—a resolution I was proud to introduce alongside my good friend, Mr. C
HARLIE RANGEL . As always, I ap-preciate the help from the gentleman from New York, the ranking member, for his assistance in bringing it to the House floor for consideration. It has been a privilege to have worked along-side one of the true champions of peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula, Mr. C
HARLIE RANGEL . He is, indeed, a true patriot. We all know about his bravery and heroism as a young Army officer in the Korean war—spending his days lit-erally freezing behind enemy lines. While wounded, C
HARLIE courageously led 40 men from his unit out of a Chi-nese encirclement, undoubtedly saving many, many lives. For his bravery, C
HARLIE earned the Purple Heart and the Bronze Star. Yes, C
HARLIE suffered for his country, but his focus has con-tinued to also be on the suffering of the Korean people. A nation was destroyed; millions were killed; families were bru-tally ripped apart. C
HARLIE has never forgotten that. He didn’t leave Korea behind, which is why I was happy to work with him on the cause of bringing together the many, many Korean fami-lies that have been ripped apart by war. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, Korea remains a divided peninsula. There is a pros-perous and free South Korea and a bru-tal, totalitarian, impoverished North Korea. This division is a calamity that is acutely felt by South Korean fami-lies that have been separated by the DMZ, but it is equally felt here by many Korean American families in the United States. In the decades since the momentous liberation of Korea, mil-lions of Korean families have been sep-arated from their loved ones. Today, an estimated 100,000 Korean Americans have been separated from their rel-atives in North Korea and have long sought an opportunity to be reunited. Mr. Speaker, time is running out. Earlier this year, the average Korean separated by the war was 80 years old. A large number is over 90. It is far past time that these war-torn families be given one last opportunity to reunite with the family members they were separated from six decades ago. It is everyone’s hope—and, of course, of those in this body—that someday we will see Korea reunited. In the mean-time, we can do what we can to encour-age the reuniting of these families; so I urge my colleagues to support this res-olution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise to support H. Con. Res. 40. I am pleased to support this measure that was introduced by Congressman CHAR-
LIERANGEL of New York, and I asso-ciate myself with the chairman’s re-marks in the praise of Charlie’s service not only during the Korean war, but after that war, to focus on families that are both here and in Korea who were affected by that conflict. A decorated veteran of the Korean war, Representative R
ANGEL has been a tireless advocate for peace and security on the peninsula and for the Korean American community here in the United States. His achievements are many, and as he retires after 40 decades of service here in Congress, he will, of course, be missed. What Congressman R
ANGEL and the many cosponsors of H. Con. Res. 40 bring forth today—154 bipartisan co-sponsors, including the chair and rank-ing member of the committee, myself, and so many others—is a reminder not just of the complex security situation on the peninsula, but of the human di-mension of a war that has not been for-mally ended. As this resolution reminds us, there are 10 million people on the Korean Pe-ninsula and around the world who are victims of this family division, and there are some 100,000 American citi-zens who are still waiting to see—per-haps for one last time—family mem-bers that they have not seen for 60 years, who have remained north of the 38th parallel in the aftermath of the Korean war. There are approximately 1.7 million Korean Americans here in the United States. As I mentioned, over 100,000 of them have relatives who are north of the DMZ, and I am pleased to say that over half of those Korean Americans reside in the State of Cali-fornia. The Korean Americans who have been divided from their families in North Korea are now in their senior years. Time is running out for these separated families to reunite—perhaps for just one last time—with parents, siblings, children. For many, reunifica-tion will be the only contact they will have had in so many decades. As of yet, Korean Americans have not been per-mitted to participate in family re-unions. North Korea should encourage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.027 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6350 November 29, 2016 
reunions for the sake of their own citi-zens who are divided family members, for Korean Americans, and for those af-fected by the war no matter where in the world they live. H. Con. Res. 40 urges the North Korea regime to resume family reunification visits, which have been suspended for over a year, and to allow families that chance to get together. It also calls on North Korea to take concrete steps to build goodwill that is conducive to peace on the Korean Peninsula. This is particularly important given the nu-clear weapons tests and missile tests that we have seen from the north. The reunification of families is a goodwill gesture that can help put the world and northeast Asia on the road to peace. That is why I support this resolution and urge all of my col-leagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD). Mr. DOLD. I thank the gentleman for yielding the time. Mr. Speaker, this is a critically im-portant humanitarian issue as we talk about families. Each and every one of us just got back from Thanksgiving— an opportunity for us to gather around the table with our families. I think that is something that, often, too many of us take for granted—the op-portunity and the ability that we have to jump on a plane or to get on a train and go visit our families. Yet, for so many Korean families, that is some-thing that is beyond the realm of possi-bility. It is beyond the realm of possibility because, at the outbreak of the Korean war, many of the Koreans thought that this was just going to be a conflict that was not going to last very long; so fam-ilies were literally separated at that time and were hoping to be reunited in a very short period of time. What we do know is that, decade after decade, these families have not been able to be reunited. We want to encourage this re-uniting of families. There are so many Korean Americans who have family in the north who have not been able to see their families. b1815 Recently, Mr. Speaker, this last year I had an opportunity to travel to Korea and actually had an opportunity to talk to some of the families. A very small few—100 families—were going to have an opportunity to see their loved ones. Time is of the essence. This is a hu-manitarian issue because more and more people are passing away and the opportunities to see their loved ones perishes. For the Korean Americans and for the Korean community, their opportunity to pay respects to those who have gone before them is also something that is critical, and they don’t have the opportunity to visit them. So I want to make sure that we stand together in a bipartisan way to encour-age the opportunity for families to be able to be reunited. I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL ) for his leadership on this issue. Again, anybody who has served any time in this body knows his love for the Korean people and his record in the Korean war, his heroism in that regard. I do hope that we, today, will vote to make sure we send a strong signal that the reuniting of families is something we should all stand and be united be-hind. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
ANGEL ), the author of this resolution and a champion for the Ko-rean American community. (Mr. RANGEL asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman S
HERMAN for giving me this time to speak on this important issue. I will also take this opportunity to thank Chairman E
DROYCE . So many people ask: After 46 years, what do you consider your major ac-complishments? It is hard to explain to those of us who serve in the Congress that you don’t list friendships as an ac-complishment. There is no question, in knowing E
DROYCE from the people’s Republic of California, that he has shattered the wall between Repub-licans and Democrats, and conserv-atives and liberals, and he is an Amer-ican who cares about this Congress and this country. Whether I have talked to him about Africa or about Korea, he has listened and has done the best he could to show what America really feels proud of, and that is seeking peace and justice where we find dicta-torships and people destroying the lives of others. I get so much credit for being a wounded hero in Korea. I volunteered for the Army, but I sure didn’t volun-teer for Korea. As a matter of fact, it always baffled me how we could go there without a declaration of war. It baffled me who could make a decision to take a country like Korea with such a beautiful history and have human beings just draw a line and say that this is north, this is south, this is the Soviets, this is the United Nations, and the United States and not realize that these are human beings, mothers and fathers, sons and daughters; that not-withstanding the fact that the south was attacked, notwithstanding that the war still continues technically today, that all people should want to see their families united when all it takes is that, yes, you may see them. So today I thank Chairman R
OYCE so much, Mr. Speaker, and this House for showing America what we are all about. Because it is ironic that we are now talking about Korean Americans, we are talking about divided families USA. We are talking about people who love this country, who fight for this country, but they still have a place they love, and they have family that they want to see before they pass away or before their families are gone. Isn’t this really what makes America different, to find people who love their homeland like Korean Americans love Korea and, at the same time, love this country more and ask us to join with them for what? They ask for peace, eq-uity, and all the things that we care about, but also to meet their family. There is so much compassion in this. There is so much to show how a line can show you poverty above the line, democracy and progress below the line. But more than anything else, this body is saying today that people who God made of the same blood, the same background, and the same culture, let them meet. So I would like to include tonight as one of those proudest days that I have served in this august body and, also, to include Representative EDROYCE as one of the most decent human beings I have also met while serving in this body. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I too join the chairman and the ranking member in saluting the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
ANGEL ). I remember him telling the story that he was a teenager at the outbreak of the war in Korea, living in Harlem, and didn’t know where Korea was. He sure knows today. He is an iconic fig-ure in the Korean community. Representative R
ANGEL , we salute you for your incredible heroism. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Con. Res. 40 to encourage the reunion of divided Korean American families. The division of north and south along the 38th parallel offers one of the world’s most striking dichotomies. Yet, on both sides of the demilitarized zone resides a shared pain. The pain is that of families ripped apart by the war and an enduring division of one people into two countries. Reunions are a wel-come respite from that separation, but, in the end, they provide yet another re-minder that family reunification on the Korean Peninsula is all too fleet-ing. Many of these Americans—more than 100,000 according to the last estimate— have been waiting to reunite with their family members in North Korea. Too many have already passed away with-out ever realizing that hope. This resolution encourages Pyongyang to allow those Korean Americans to meet with their families. It also calls on the North Korean re-gime to take steps to build goodwill that is conducive to peace in the penin-sula. Earlier this year, we passed the North Korean Sanctions and Policy En-hancement Act, which included my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.061 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6351 November 29, 2016 
amendment conditioning sanctions re-lief on the promotion of family reunifi-cations for Koreans and Korean Ameri-cans. It is vital our North Korea policy be informed with an understanding that there are human victims of this ongo-ing conflict in the North Korean Penin-sula. I ask my colleagues to support the resolution, which demonstrates our commitment to efforts to seek to re-lieve the pain of separation felt by Ko-rean families. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I salute the author of this resolution, Rep-resentative R
ANGEL , and urge its adop-tion. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I also want to recognize the staff who have been so instrumental, not only on this resolution but also in maintaining our constructive policy toward Korea, Hannah Kim on Mr. R
ANGEL ’s staff and our committee staffers, Hunter Strupp and Jennifer Hendrixson-White. Earlier, I noted how happy I was to have worked alongside my good friend and colleague, C
HARLIE RANGEL , on this measure. As he is retiring at the end of this Congress, I want to once again rec-ognize him as a true champion of U.S.- Korea relations. He truly is. No one, whether it was fighting for his country or advocating on behalf of so many Ko-rean Americans, has done more for this partnership. As Charlie has often said, since he survived the battle of Kunu-ri and led those freezing soldiers out of that en-circlement, he has never, not since that day, never ever had a bad day since. Mr. Speaker, let’s hope this streak continues well into the future. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, as a cospon-sor of H. Con. Res. 40, I rise today in strong support of its passage. Tragically, the division on the Korean Penin-sula separated more than 10,000,000 Korean family members, including some who are now citizens of the United States. As a result, many Korean Americans have waited for over 60 years for a chance to meet their relatives in North Korea for the first time. Although there have been 19 rounds of fam-ily reunions between South Koreans and North Koreans, instability has continued to impede the reunion of these divided families. As some family members reach the later years of their lives, time becomes an important factor in giv-ing these families the opportunity to connect. Congress first signaled its interest in family reunions between United States citizens and their relatives in North Korea in section 1265 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181), which became law on January 28, 2008. We furthered our commitment to reunification when President Barack Obama signed into law the Continuing Appropriations Act 2011 (Public Law 111–242), which urged the Spe-cial Representative on North Korea Policy to prioritize the issues involving Korean divided families. Enabling Korean Americans to meet their family members from North Korea will help es-tablish the goodwill to lay the foundation for peace on the Korean Peninsula. While peace on the Korean Peninsula remains a long-term goal for the United States and all stakeholders in the region, a first step towards achieving it would be to allow family members to be reuni-fied. This would be a significant step forward for greater security and stability for the region and the world. I urge my colleagues in the House to swiftly pass H. Con. Res. 40. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent reso-lution, H. Con. Res. 40. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concur-rent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TRANSMITTING AN ALTERNATIVE PLAN FOR PAY INCREASES FOR CIVILIAN FEDERAL EMPLOYEES COVERED BY THE GENERAL SCHEDULE AND CERTAIN OTHER PAY SYSTEMS IN JANUARY 2017— MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–185) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: I am transmitting an alternative plan for pay increases for civilian Fed-eral employees covered by the General Schedule and certain other pay sys-tems in January 2017. Title 5, United States Code, authorizes me to imple-ment alternative pay plans for pay in-creases for civilian Federal employees covered by the General Schedule and certain other pay systems if, because of ‘‘national emergency or serious eco-nomic conditions affecting the general welfare,’’ I view the adjustments that would otherwise take effect as inappro-priate. Civilian Federal employees made sig-nificant sacrifices as a result of the 3- year pay freeze that ended in January 2014. Since the pay freeze ended, annual adjustments for civilian Federal em-ployees have also been lower than pri-vate sector pay increases and statutory formulas for adjustments to the Gen-eral Schedule for 2014 through 2016. However, we must maintain efforts to keep our Nation on a sustainable fiscal course. This is an effort that continues to require tough choices under current economic conditions. Under current law, locality pay in-creases averaging 28.49 percent and costing $26 billion would go into effect in January 2017. Federal agency budg-ets cannot sustain such increases. In my August 31, 2016, alternative pay plan submission, I noted that the alter-native plan for locality payments will be limited so that the total combined cost of the 1.0 percent across-the-board base pay increase and the varying lo-cality pay increases will be 1.6 percent of basic payroll, consistent with the as-sumption in my 2017 Budget. Accord-ingly, I have determined that under the authority of section 5304a of title 5, United States Code, locality-based comparability payments for the local-ity pay areas established by the Presi-dent’s Pay Agent, in the amounts set forth in the attached table, shall be-come effective on the first day of the first applicable pay period beginning on or after January 1, 2017. The locality-based comparability payments for the locality pay rates in the attached table are based on an allo-cation of 0.6 percent of payroll as indi-cated in my August 31, 2016, alternative pay plan for adjustments to the base General Schedule. These decisions will not materially affect our ability to at-tract and retain a well-qualified Fed-eral workforce. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , November 29, 2016. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 27 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 5422, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 4757, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 5843, de novo. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
FUNDING FOR THE NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOTLINE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5422) to ensure funding for the National Human Trafficking Hot-line, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.064 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6352 November 29, 2016 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 399, nays 0, not voting 35, as follows: 
[Roll No. 588] YEAS—399 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Evans Farenthold Farr Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—35 
Barletta Beyer Brown (FL) Clawson (FL) Conyers Costello (PA) Davis, Rodney Engel Fincher Fitzpatrick Forbes Gosar Grijalva Guinta Hahn Hurt (VA) Jolly Jones Kaptur Kirkpatrick McCaul Miller (MI) Nugent Poe (TX) Renacci Roe (TN) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Titus Trott Veasey Vela Weber (TX) Westmoreland Williams 
b1853 Mr. PAYNE changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, on rollcall No. 588, I was unavoidably de-tained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR HEADSTONES, MARKERS, AND MEDALLIONS FOR MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4757) to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the eli-gibility for headstones, markers, and medallions furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for deceased indi-viduals who were awarded the Medal of Honor and are buried in private ceme-teries, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MIL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 401, nays 0, not voting 33, as follows: 
[Roll No. 589] YEAS—401 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Evans Farenthold Farr Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.067 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6353 November 29, 2016 
Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—33 
Barletta Beyer Brown (FL) Clawson (FL) Conyers Engel Fincher Fitzpatrick Forbes Graves (MO) Grijalva Guinta Hahn Hurt (VA) Jolly Jones Kirkpatrick McCaul Miller (MI) Nugent Poe (TX) Renacci Roe (TN) Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Titus Trott Veasey Vela Weber (TX) Westmoreland Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1901 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to expand the eligi-bility for headstones, markers, and me-dallions furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for deceased individ-uals who were awarded the Medal of Honor and are buried in private ceme-teries, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. M CCAUL. On November 29, 2016, I missed the voting session. If present, I would have voted as follows: ‘‘Yes’’—H.R. 5422—To ensure funding for the National Human Traf-ficking Hotline, and for other purposes. ‘‘Yes’’—H.R. 4757—To amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the eligibility for headstones, markers, and medallions fur-nished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for deceased individuals who were awarded the Medal of Honor and are buried in private cemeteries, as amended 
f 
UNITED STATES-ISRAEL CYBERSE-CURITY COOPERATION ENHANCE-MENT ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 5843) to establish a grant pro-gram at the Department of Homeland Security to promote cooperative re-search and development between the United States and Israel on cybersecu-rity, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REPORT ON H. RES. 933, PRO-VIDING AMOUNTS FOR FURTHER EXPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE IN THE ONE HUNDRED FOUR-TEENTH CONGRESS Mr. HARPER, from the Committee on House Administration, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–838) providing amounts for further expenses of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
TREATMENT OF BUILDINGS AND OTHER AREAS WITHIN BOUND-ARIES OF REAL ESTATE OR OTHER PROPERTY INTERESTS ACQUIRED BY NATIONAL GAL-LERY OF ART Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 5160) to amend title 40, United States Code, to include as part of the buildings and grounds of the National Gallery of Art any buildings and other areas within the boundaries of any real estate or other property interests acquired by the National Gallery of Art, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana). Is there objec-tion to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5160 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. TREATMENT OF BUILDINGS AND OTHER AREAS WITHIN BOUNDARIES OF REAL ESTATE OR OTHER PROP-ERTY INTERESTS ACQUIRED BY NA-TIONAL GALLERY OF ART. 
Section 6301(2) of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘The National Gallery of Art’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) The National Gal-lery of Art’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respec-tively; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) All other buildings, service roads, walks, and other areas within the exterior boundaries of any real estate or land or in-terest in land (including temporary use) that the National Gallery of Art acquires and that the Director of the National Gallery of Art determines to be necessary for the ade-quate protection of individuals or property in the National Gallery of Art and suitable for administration as a part of the National Gallery of Art.’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 34, TSUNAMI WARNING, EDUCATION, AND RESEARCH ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.R. 6392, SYSTEMIC RISK DESIGNATION IMPROVE-MENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–839) on the resolution (H. Res. 934) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 34) to authorize and strengthen the tsu-nami detection, forecast, warning, re-search, and mitigation program of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6392) to amend the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act to specify when bank holding companies may be sub-ject to certain enhanced supervision, and for other purposes, which was re-ferred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
VETERANS MOBILITY SAFETY ACT OF 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.032 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6354 November 29, 2016 
Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 3471) to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the pro-vision of automobiles and adaptive equipment by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, with the Senate amend-ment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Mobil-ity Safety Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. PERSONAL SELECTIONS OF AUTO-MOBILES AND ADAPTIVE EQUIP-MENT. 
Section 3903(b) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Except’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) Except’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall ensure that to the ex-tent practicable an eligible person who is pro-vided an automobile or other conveyance under this chapter is given the opportunity to make personal selections relating to such automobile or other conveyance.’’. 
SEC. 3. COMPREHENSIVE POLICY FOR THE AUTO-MOBILES ADAPTIVE EQUIPMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) C OMPREHENSIVE POLICY .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall develop a comprehen-sive policy regarding quality standards for pro-viders who provide modification services to vet-erans under the automobile adaptive equipment program. (b) S
COPE.—The policy developed under sub-section (a) shall cover each of the following: (1) The Department of Veterans Affairs-wide management of the automobile adaptive equip-ment program. (2) The development of standards for safety and quality of equipment and installation of equipment through the automobile adaptive equipment program, including with respect to the defined differentiations in levels of modifica-tion complexity. (3) The consistent application of standards for safety and quality of both equipment and instal-lation throughout the Department. (4) In accordance with subsection (c)(1), the certification of a provider by a manufacturer if the Secretary designates the quality standards of such manufacturer as meeting or exceeding the standards developed under this section. (5) In accordance with subsection (c)(2), the certification of a provider by a third party, non-profit organization if the Secretary designates the quality standards of such organization as meeting or exceeding the standards developed under this section. (6) The education and training of personnel of the Department who administer the automobile adaptive equipment program. (7) The compliance of the provider with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) when furnishing automobile adaptive equipment at the facility of the pro-vider. (8) The allowance, where technically appro-priate, for veterans to receive modifications at their residence or location of choice, including standards that ensure such receipt and notifica-tion to veterans of the availability of such re-ceipt. (c) C
ERTIFICATION OF MANUFACTURERS AND  T
HIRD PARTY, NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS .— (1) C
ERTIFICATION OF MANUFACTURERS .—The Secretary shall approve a manufacturer as a certifying manufacturer for purposes of sub-section (b)(4), if the manufacturer demonstrates that its certification standards meet or exceed the quality standards developed under this sec-tion. (2) CERTIFICATION OF THIRD PARTY , NON-
PROFIT ORGANIZATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may approve two or more private, nonprofit organizations as third party, nonprofit certifying organizations for purposes of subsection (b)(5). (B) L
IMITATION .—If at any time there is only one third party, nonprofit certifying organiza-tion approved by the Secretary for purposes of subsection (b)(5), such organization shall not be permitted to provide certifications under such subsection until such time as the Secretary ap-proves a second third party, nonprofit certifying organization for purposes of such subsection. (d) U
PDATES .— (1) I
NITIAL UPDATES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall update Veterans Health Admin-istration Handbook 1173.4, or any successor handbook or directive, in accordance with the policy developed under subsection (a). (2) S
UBSEQUENT UPDATES .—Not less frequently than once every 6 years thereafter, the Sec-retary shall update such handbook, or any suc-cessor handbook or directive. (e) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall de-velop the policy under subsection (a), and revise such policy under subsection (d), in consulta-tion with veterans service organizations, the Na-tional Highway Transportation Administration, industry representatives, manufacturers of automobile adaptive equipment, and other enti-ties with expertise in installing, repairing, re-placing, or manufacturing mobility equipment or developing mobility accreditation standards for automobile adaptive equipment. (f) C
ONFLICTS .—In developing and imple-menting the policy under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) minimize the possibility of conflicts of in-terest, to the extent practicable; and (2) establish procedures that ensure against the use of a certifying organization referred to in subsection (b)(5) that has a financial conflict of interest regarding the certification of an eligi-ble provider. (g) B
IENNIAL REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Secretary updates Vet-erans Health Administration Handbook 1173.4, or any successor handbook or directive, under subsection (d), and not less frequently than once every other year thereafter through 2022, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the implementation and facility compliance with the policy developed under subsection (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the implementation plan for the policy developed under subsection (a) and any revisions to such policy under sub-section (d). (B) A description of the performance measures used to determine the effectiveness of such pol-icy in ensuring the safety of veterans enrolled in the automobile adaptive equipment program. (C) An assessment of safety issues due to im-proper installations based on a survey of recipi-ents of adaptive equipment from the Depart-ment. (D) An assessment of the adequacy of the adaptive equipment services of the Department based on a survey of recipients of adaptive equipment from the Department. (E) An assessment of the training provided to the personnel of the Department with respect to administering the program. (F) An assessment of the certified providers of the Department of adaptive equipment with re-spect to meeting the minimum standards devel-oped under subsection (b)(2). (h) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
UTOMOBILE ADAPTIVE EQUIPMENT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘automobile adaptive equip-ment program’’ means the program administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs pursuant to chapter 39 of title 38, United States Code. (2) V
ETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘veterans service organization’’ means any organization recognized by the Secretary for the representation of veterans under section 5902 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. APPOINTMENT OF LICENSED HEARING AID SPECIALISTS IN VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) L ICENSED HEARING AIDSPECIALISTS .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—Section 7401(3) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘li-censed hearing aid specialists,’’ after ‘‘Audiol-ogists,’’. (2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Section 7402(b)(14) of such title is amended by inserting ‘‘, hearing aid specialist’’ after ‘‘dental technologist’’. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—With respect to appoint-ing hearing aid specialists under sections 7401 and 7402 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), and providing serv-ices furnished by such specialists, the Secretary shall ensure that— (1) a hearing aid specialist may only perform hearing services consistent with the hearing aid specialist’s State license related to the practice of fitting and dispensing hearing aids without excluding other qualified professionals, includ-ing audiologists, from rendering services in over-lapping practice areas; (2) services provided to veterans by hearing aid specialists shall be provided as part of the non-medical treatment plan developed by an au-diologist; and (3) the medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs provide to veterans access to the full range of professional services provided by an audiologist. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In determining the quali-fications required for hearing aid specialists and in carrying out subsection (b), the Secretary shall consult with veterans service organiza-tions, audiologists, otolaryngologists, hearing aid specialists, and other stakeholder and in-dustry groups as the Secretary determines ap-propriate. (d) A
NNUAL REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter during the 5-year period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress a report on the following: (A) Timely access of veterans to hearing health services through the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. (B) Contracting policies of the Department with respect to providing hearing health services to veterans in facilities that are not facilities of the Department. (2) T
IMELY ACCESS TO SERVICES .—Each report shall, with respect to the matter specified in paragraph (1)(A) for the 1-year period preceding the submittal of such report, include the fol-lowing: (A) The staffing levels of audiologists, hearing aid specialists, and health technicians in audi-ology in the Veterans Health Administration. (B) A description of the metrics used by the Secretary in measuring performance with re-spect to appointments and care relating to hear-ing health. (C) The average time that a veteran waits to receive an appointment, beginning on the date on which the veteran makes the request, for the following: (i) A disability rating evaluation for a hear-ing-related disability. (ii) A hearing aid evaluation. (iii) Dispensing of hearing aids. (iv) Any follow-up hearing health appoint-ment. (D) The percentage of veterans whose total wait time for appointments described in sub-paragraph (C), including an initial and follow- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.072 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6355 November 29, 2016 
up appointment, if applicable, is more than 30 days. (3) C
ONTRACTING POLICIES .—Each report shall, with respect to the matter specified in para-graph (1)(B) for the 1-year period preceding the submittal of such report, include the following: (A) The number of veterans that the Secretary refers to non-Department audiologists for hear-ing health care appointments. (B) The number of veterans that the Secretary refers to non-Department hearing aid specialists for follow-up appointments for a hearing aid evaluation, the dispensing of hearing aids, or any other purpose relating to hearing health. 
Mr. KING of New York (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be consid-ered as read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentlewoman from Indiana? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FIRST RESPONDER ANTHRAX PREPAREDNESS ACT Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 1915) to direct the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity to make anthrax vaccines avail-able to emergency response providers, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1915 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘First Re-sponder Anthrax Preparedness Act’’. 
SEC. 2. VOLUNTARY PRE-EVENT ANTHRAX VAC-CINATION PILOT PROGRAM FOR EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROVIDERS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall carry out a pilot program to provide el-igible anthrax vaccines from the Strategic National Stockpile under section 319F–2(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(a)) that will be nearing the end of their labeled dates of use at the time such vaccines are made available to States for ad-ministration to emergency response pro-viders who would be at high risk of exposure to anthrax if such an attack should occur and who voluntarily consent to such admin-istration. (2) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall determine whether an anthrax vaccine is eligible to be provided to the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity for the pilot program described in para-graph (1) based on— (A) a determination that the vaccine is not otherwise allotted for other purposes; (B) a determination that the provision of the vaccine will not reduce, or otherwise ad-versely affect, the capability to meet pro-jected requirements for this product during a public health emergency, including a signifi-cant reduction of available quantities of vac-cine in the Strategic National Stockpile; and (C) such other considerations as deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (3) PRELIMINARY REQUIREMENTS .—Before implementing the pilot program required under this subsection, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall— (A) establish a communication platform for the pilot program; (B) develop and deliver education and training for the pilot program; (C) conduct economic analysis of the pilot program, including a preliminary estimate of total costs and expected benefits; (D) create a logistical platform for the an-thrax vaccine request process under the pilot program; (E) establish goals and desired outcomes for the pilot program; and (F) establish a mechanism to reimburse the Secretary of Health and Human Services for— (i) the costs of shipment and transpor-tation of such vaccines provided to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security from the Stra-tegic National Stockpile under such pilot program, including staff time directly sup-porting such shipment and transportation; and (ii) the amount, if any, by which the warehousing costs of the Strategic National Stockpile are increased in order to operate such pilot program. (4) L
OCATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot program required under this subsection, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall select not fewer than 2 nor more than 5 States for voluntary participation in the pilot program. (B) R
EQUIREMENT .—Each State that par-ticipates in the pilot program under this sub-section shall ensure that such participation is consistent with the All-Hazards Public Health Emergency Preparedness and Re-sponse Plan of the State developed under section 319C–1 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–3a). (5) G
UIDANCE FOR SELECTION .—To ensure that participation in the pilot program under this subsection strategically increases State and local response readiness in the event of an anthrax release, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall provide guidance to participating States and units of local government on identifying emergency response providers who are at high risk of exposure to anthrax. (6) D
ISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall re-quire that each State that participates in the pilot program under this subsection sub-mit a written certification to the Secretary of Homeland Security stating that each emergency response provider within the State that participates in the pilot program is provided with disclosures and educational materials designated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, which may in-clude— (A) materials regarding the associated ben-efits and risks of any vaccine provided under the pilot program, and of exposure to an-thrax; (B) additional material consistent with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s clinical guidance; and (C) notice that the Federal Government is not obligated to continue providing anthrax vaccine after the date on which the pilot pro-gram ends. (7) MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—Be- fore implementing the pilot program under this subsection, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Secretary of Health and Human Services to— (A) define the roles and responsibilities of each Department for the pilot program; and (B) establish other performance metrics and policies for the pilot program, as appro-priate. (8) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-section (c), not later than 1 year after the date on which the initial vaccines are admin-istered under this section, and annually thereafter until 1 year after the completion of the pilot program under this section, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordi-nation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report on the progress and results of the pilot program, including— (i) a detailed tabulation of the costs to ad-minister the program, including— (I) total costs for management and admin-istration; (II) total costs to ship vaccines; (III) total number of full-time equivalents allocated to the program; and (IV) total costs to the Strategic National Stockpile; (ii) the number and percentage of eligible emergency response providers, as determined by each pilot location, that volunteer to par-ticipate; (iii) the degree to which participants com-plete the vaccine regimen; (iv) the total number of doses of vaccine administered; and (v) recommendations to improve initial and recurrent participation in the pilot pro-gram. (B) F
INAL REPORT .—The final report re-quired under subparagraph (A) shall— (i) consider whether the pilot program re-quired under this subsection should continue after the date described in subsection (c); and (ii) include— (I) an analysis of the costs and benefits of continuing the program to provide anthrax vaccines to emergency response providers; (II) an explanation of the economic, health, and other risks and benefits of administering vaccines through the pilot program rather than post-event treatment; and (III) in the case of a recommendation under clause (i) to continue the pilot program after the date described in subsection (c), a plan under which the pilot program could be con-tinued. (b) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall begin implementing the pilot pro-gram under this section. (c) S
UNSET .—The authority to carry out the pilot program under this section shall expire on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NORTHERN BORDER SECURITY REVIEW ACT Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.038 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6356 November 29, 2016 
the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 1808) to require the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to conduct a Northern Border threat analysis, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consider-ation in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1808 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Northern Border Security Review Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (E) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (F) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (2) N
ORTHERN BORDER .—The term ‘‘North-ern Border’’ means the land and maritime borders between the United States and Can-ada. 
SEC. 3. NORTHERN BORDER THREAT ANALYSIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit a Northern Border threat analysis to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1) current and potential terrorism and criminal threats posed by individuals and or-ganized groups seeking— (A) to enter the United States through the Northern Border; or (B) to exploit border vulnerabilities on the Northern Border; (2) improvements needed at and between ports of entry along the Northern Border— (A) to prevent terrorists and instruments of terrorism from entering the United States; and (B) to reduce criminal activity, as meas-ured by the total flow of illegal goods, illicit drugs, and smuggled and trafficked persons moved in either direction across to the Northern Border; (3) gaps in law, policy, cooperation between State, tribal, and local law enforcement, international agreements, or tribal agree-ments that hinder effective and efficient bor-der security, counter-terrorism, anti-human smuggling and trafficking efforts, and the flow of legitimate trade along the Northern Border; and (4) whether additional U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance and preinspection operations at ports of entry along the Northern Border could help pre-vent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States. (b) A
NALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—For the threat analysis required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall consider and examine— (1) technology needs and challenges; (2) personnel needs and challenges; (3) the role of State, tribal, and local law enforcement in general border security ac-tivities; (4) the need for cooperation among Fed-eral, State, tribal, local, and Canadian law enforcement entities relating to border secu-rity; (5) the terrain, population density, and cli-mate along the Northern Border; and (6) the needs and challenges of Department facilities, including the physical approaches to such facilities. (c) CLASSIFIED THREAT ANALYSIS .—To the extent possible, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit the threat analysis re-quired under subsection (a) in unclassified form. The Secretary may submit a portion of the threat analysis in classified form if the Secretary determines that such form is ap-propriate for that portion. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR VIC-TIMS OF WOODMORE ELEMEN-TARY SCHOOL BUS CRASH (Mr. FLEISCHMANN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, tonight I rise to offer a moment of si-lence. On November 21, while many of us were preparing for the Thanksgiving holiday, tragedy once again struck my hometown of Chattanooga, Tennessee. Woodmore Elementary School is a beautiful elementary school; young, vi-brant children, all so precious. There was a tragic schoolbus crash that hap-pened that day in Chattanooga, Ten-nessee. The crash took the lives of six young children: Keonte Wilson, Cor’Dayja Jones, Zyaira Mateen, D’Myunn Brown, Zoie Nash, and Zyanna Harris. In addition, several other children were severely injured. Many are still in critical condition. I know I can speak for all of us, in-cluding my dear friends who have joined me from the Tennessee delega-tion, when I say that we are absolutely heartbroken over this horrific tragedy. Nothing I can say tonight can diminish the gravity of the loss that our com-munity has suffered. But I must thank the first respond-ers, the Chattanooga Police Depart-ment, the local officials, and especially the staff, the doctors at Children’s Hos-pital at Erlanger, for their immediate and compassionate response to this tragedy. My brothers and sisters in the House, I went with our Governor to see the care and treatment that these children were getting. One young lady about to go up to surgery gave me the thumbs up. At a time of such tragic loss, these precious lives were lost, and so many are forever hurt. Please join me now in a moment of silence for the victims, for their families, and for our Chat-tanooga community. b1915 REMEMBERING SAN ANTONIO PO-LICE OFFICER DETECTIVE BEN-JAMIN MARCONI (Mr. CASTRO of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise the day after my hometown, San Antonio, laid to rest a hero who was taken from us too soon, Detective Ben-jamin Marconi. The son of a San Antonio police offi-cer, Detective Marconi was a 20-year veteran of the force whose life was tragically cut short last week while he was in the field serving our city. Known for his big smile, his kind-ness, and his commitment to doing the right thing, Detective Marconi was a beloved member of our community. He leaves behind a son, a grandson, and an extended family who brought him great joy. Our city mourns the loss of Detective Marconi, an outstanding San Antonian, whom we dearly miss. His passing is a tragic reminder of the risk all of our law enforcement officers take when they go to work each day to keep us safe. We are grateful for his service and theirs. 
f 
FIDEL CASTRO’S BRUTAL LEGACY (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, the Cuban people can finally close one chapter in their 57-year nightmare of oppressive rule: Fidel Castro has died. When I was just 8 years old, I was forced to flee my native homeland of Cuba with my family. We were not the first, nor were we the last, to leave all that we had behind in search of free-dom, democracy, opportunity, and safe-ty. Many constituents I am so humbled to represent have had family members who did not survive their journey, yet they all risked their lives in fleeing Cuba because they felt the brutality of Fidel Castro. They witnessed firsthand the ruthlessness of the tyrant, and they felt that it was like having their human rights stripped from their very being. Their stories and their experiences— the firing squads, the gulags, and the torture—Mr. Speaker, will be Fidel Castro’s legacy. 
f 
EL PASO DREAMERS (Mr. O’ROURKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, in this country, there are over 700,000 DREAM-ers, children and young Americans brought to this country at a young age, through no fault of their own, to im-prove their lives, their opportunities, and those of their families. They are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.074 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6357 November 29, 2016 
every bit as much American as you or I or our children. Pictured next to me is Itzel Campos of El Paso, Texas, a 15-year-old sopho-more at Franklin High School, who came to a townhall meeting that we had last night where 300 El Pasoans came out to either tell their stories or show support for DREAMers. We want to make sure that the Presi-dent-elect and that the Congress that we have here and the one that will be seated in January do everything within their power to keep these DREAMers in our country, who will earn more than $4 trillion in taxable income dur-ing their lives but, more importantly, will contribute to the American Dream, will improve communities like mine, which happens to be the safest city in America in large part because of the immigrants, and especially these DREAMers who call El Paso home, and to give people like Itzel every chance to succeed, to improve their lives and the course of this country. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO GOVERNOR NIKKI HALEY (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, President-elect Donald Trump nominated South Carolina Gov-ernor Nikki Haley to be America’s Am-bassador to the United Nations. President-elect Trump has an-nounced: 
Governor Haley has a proven record of bringing people together regardless of back-ground or party affiliation to move critical policies forward for the betterment of her State and country. She is also a proven dealmaker, and we look forward to making plenty of deals. She will be a great leader representing us on the world stage. 
Governor Haley has led the people of South Carolina through trying times, such as the historic thousand-year flood last year, Hurricane Matthew flooding this year, and the tragic shooting at Mother Emanuel Church in Charleston. She has promoted a pro- business and pro-job environment by recruiting major companies such as Boeing and Volvo, along with Michelin, BMW, and Bridgestone expansions. Governor Haley will be a strong and ef-fective voice for America, advancing freedom and democracy around the world. Congratulations to Governor Haley and her husband, Michael, and chil-dren, Rena and Nalin, on this achieve-ment. Your Lexington County neigh-bors are very proud of you. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
REDUCING RED TAPE (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the House Subcommittee on Federal Lands is holding a hearing soon on H.R. 5129, the Guide and Out-fitter Act—we call it the GO Act— which I have sponsored to make it easi-er for Americans to access and enjoy their public lands. I began working on this legislation after an annual endurance run in my district, which had been held for years, was canceled after Federal agencies de-manded a costly new study of the event’s environmental impacts, a study the small, nonprofit group that held the event couldn’t afford. That’s right, Federal agencies were concerned that people running on existing trails could have negative impacts on the environ-ment. The GO Act cuts this red tape by cre-ating a categorical exclusion to ensure activities which have already been per-mitted do not need duplicative studies in order to continue. It creates a one- stop joint permitting system so races and other events that might stretch across Forest Service lands, BLM, and National Park land, et cetera, don’t need to repeat the permit process over and over and over with every single agency. The bill caps fees to keep them af-fordable and allows existing permits to be easily extended so that public access and events can continue. I am proud to say this bill will help get more Americans outside, Mr. Speaker, for less money and with less red tape. That is a goal every Member of this body can support. 
f 
AVOIDING TRUMP ADMINISTRA-TION CONFLICTS OF INTEREST (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I am one of those Americans who is very con-cerned about the conflict of interest that the President-elect faces as he as-sumes office. I don’t think we have ever elected someone to office in this country with his vast wealth, but I must say, as ranking member on the Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations, let me give you one area which causes me con-cern: where he will separate his private interest from the public interest. The committee on which I rank han-dles the Army Corps of Engineers’ budget, and we don’t have enough money to deal with all the projects around the country, some of which are backed up 20 years. What happens if Mar-a-Lago in Florida faces flooding— or any of the other coastal properties that the President-elect owns—and the Army is trying to make a decision on where to place Federal funds? Will his properties take precedence over thou-sands of other projects around the country that have been backlogged for years? I think it is really important that the President-elect create a blind trust and put all of his assets in there. Obvi-ously, he will have a good life in the years ahead, but we simply must not allow the private interests of any American to pollute the public deci-sions that this country must make. f 
CLIMATE CHANGE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, as a lifelong resident of northern Michigan, I know how important it is to protect and conserve our precious natural re-sources. Northern Michigan’s economy depends on our Great Lakes and our outdoor spaces for tourism, agri-culture, and sporting activities. Generations of people in my district have grown up experiencing the out-doors from the shores of Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore to Isle Royale National Park. However, we need to make sure that there is a bal-ance and that we do not undertake rash and unproven regulatory policies that are almost guaranteed to negatively impact our economy in the hope of some potential—and often unquantifiable—environmental gain. I just got back from northern Michi-gan. As a matter of fact, I was in Ot-tawa National Forest hunting. What strikes me about the regulatory nature of the Federal Government is it doesn’t really take into account what is hap-pening in the wild. The Ottawa Na-tional Forest, for example, hasn’t been properly managed. The regulations as far as managing the forest make it so difficult that the forest is aging and the trees are actually falling down and rotting rather than being harvested. This is just one of the policies of this administration, and I am really hoping, now that we have a new administration coming forward, there will be a lot of change in the regulatory policies to ac-tually develop policies that make sense for our environment and make sense for our people. That is why I wanted to speak tonight about many of these policies that affect our environment and global warming. A lot of policies of the last adminis-tration, even the administration before that, really don’t have the globe at the forefront of solving these problems. What they have been doing is just writ-ing more and more regulations that stop whatever we are doing, and they don’t have any particular effect on the global environment. I am bringing this up for a reason. I just brought this little pollution-by- country chart, and this is the global pollution for the whole world. We know the United States is a pretty big part of that. The EU is a big part of that. India is big, and China is the biggest. The rest of the world provides, prob-ably, the largest. But what strikes me 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.076 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6358 November 29, 2016 
about this is the fact that we in Amer-ica haven’t done things right all the time, but we are constantly striving to make improvements. My problem with the way that the regulations are written under this ad-ministration is the fact that we are killing our economy to improve the global environment, and yet we are a relatively small part of the problem of pollution and global warming—if you believe that it is manmade—and we are not really doing anything about the rest of this. We are putting so many regulatory burdens on our industry, like, for ex-ample, energy production. The cost of energy production is a big part of mak-ing steel, for example. Many of the countries around the world are buying steel not so much from us but from China and India because they are pol-luting the planet in order to produce cheap steel, and we are really helping the environment with all our regula-tions and everything to the point that we are losing all of our jobs. That doesn’t make any sense. If we were al-lowed to harvest our energy in a very environmentally friendly way, we would have more jobs here in this country. These guys would have less jobs. I want to keep jobs here in Amer-ica. This is just one of the examples. Wait until you see some of the pictures I have. b1930 My district was once a huge mining area. We mine iron ore, construction sand and gravel, salt is produced in Michigan, and copper. And these are all good-paying jobs. I am going to give you a great exam-ple of one of the weirdest regulations that have come out of this administra-tion. And that is we do have a mine in my district that recently opened, a new nickel mine, the first nickel mine in this country, I think, in over 50 years. The road to the mine, there is no good road to the mine. There is 68 miles of road through a downtown and around a roundabout to the processing mill to process the nickel ore. The local county road commission wanted to build a 22-mile road that would bypass the 68 miles of road through a downtown, but they can’t get a permit to build the road because EPA blocked it. Now, the Federal Gov-ernment in Washington, D.C., is telling a local county in my district that they can’t build a road because it involves some wetlands. Well, there is about 5 acres of wetlands that have to be filled in order to build this road. Believe me, you can’t build a road anywhere in this country without filling in some wet-lands in order to have the grade be safe. We have had environmental laws in this country that said: if you are going to fill in some wetlands to build a road, you have got to create some wetlands somewhere else to mitigate for the fact that you have taken away some habi-tat from some species maybe and that sort of thing. Well, the road commis-sion put up 100 times the acreage of the wetlands that they were going to use for the roadway to mitigate for that. But that wasn’t good enough for the EPA. As a matter of fact, the EPA stopped the road without even listen-ing very well to the mitigation plan. This was bad for jobs. It makes it dif-ficult for the mine to do business. It makes the longevity of the mine not as good because it is more expensive to process the ore. And it creates more pollution because the trucks are driv-ing 68 miles to the ore processing plant versus the 22 miles on a new road. Be-sides, the new road would open up a lot of other areas for economic develop-ment as well. Well, this is the type of rule and reg-ulation that doesn’t make any sense to the people that want to protect their environment with fewer miles on the road with diesel trucks and also pro-vide economic opportunity in an area that needs jobs. So I am really hopeful that we will continue with a new ad-ministration to improve and stop this ridiculous rulemaking that has abso-lutely no effect on the environment—if anything, it makes it worse—all be-cause people in Washington here under this administration have decided that they know better than the people in Michigan who actually live there, and they can’t make a decision for them-selves because you can’t possibly know it would be good for the environment because you are just living on the UP and you don’t really know what is what. That has been my frustration in my time here in Congress. That is a really good example of what is going on. I want to show you a couple of pic-tures of some places around the world that aren’t managing the environment, such as the United States is. Here we have a factory, a Chinese factory that is putting out all kinds of pollutants without any significant environmental controls on them at all. These are the kind of factories that we are competing with, with our factories, which are much better. We just had a coal-fired power plant stopped in my district several years ago by the EPA because of this admin-istration’s war on coal. This coal plant was a state-of-the-art coal plant. It didn’t even produce CO
2because, in my district, they are able to harness the technology to capture the CO
2and sell it and actually use it to pump in the ground to help the production of local oil wells. The CO
2is not an issue. So we are actually competing with people that do this to our environment, and losing jobs overseas because of the tight regulations we have here, but we are not doing anything about this that is going on across the world. None of the policies that we have instituted on our industry are in effect over there. We haven’t put any significant de-mands on the Chinese to make them stop doing this. I was talking to some biologists from the University of Michigan. We have an environmental research station in my district. The University of Michigan has been studying the environment for the last 100 years or so. And one of the things that I found really interesting was the fact that one of the great con-cerns about coal mining and coal used for energy production was the mercury in the air. I was talking to these guys from the University of Michigan and they said: we solved the mercury prob-lem in this country decades ago; that is not a problem anymore. Most of the mercury that is in our environment here in the United States comes from China and India. Because it is over in China and India doesn’t mean that it is not a global problem. That stuff goes up in the atmosphere. It takes the jet stream, and it comes all the way over here. The majority of the pollutant mercury in our country is coming from places like this. This ad-ministration has done nothing about it except for putting more stringent con-trols on our energy production, making our energy more expensive, and mak-ing people want to buy steel and other products from countries that do this to our environment. This is not the right way to deal with this issue. If we are going to deal with global pollution, global production of harmful toxins, or global warming, we have to talk to people that are bad ac-tors around the world and make them do their part and not make our indus-tries really the joke of everyone else in the world because they are making money and we are losing our jobs and it doesn’t make any sense whatsoever. Let’s see another picture here. This is a pretty good one from India. This is a river in India. This is all trash in the middle of the river in India. I went to India, and I was appalled by how filthy it was and the lack of environmental rules. This is what we are dealing with. Now, I know the Indians and, per-haps, the Chinese are not as developed as we are, but they are competing in the same environment for industry as we are along the globe. I am hopeful that the coming Trump administration is going to take this kind of stuff seri-ously, unlike the Obama administra-tion, which his only answer to global warming and global pollution is to put more and more restrictions on our in-dustry, killing jobs in this country and giving more jobs to people around the world that do this. This picture is a good example of the way things are done across the world. Now, I come from a timber district where we want to harvest responsibly the timber that we have in our na-tional forests. That means cutting trees down as they mature in a logical fashion so that there are a lot of healthy trees in the forest that are not overcome by disease and fire, which is what we have seen out West over the last couple of decades because those forests are not being managed. Originally, the national forests were developed as a place for multiple use— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.078 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6359 November 29, 2016 
for harvesting for logs, for entertain-ment to go hunting and fishing. I hunt and fish in a national forest. But when the trees become over mature and they are not managed in a way that allow new growth, there is a limited amount of species that can exist in that type of a forest. This is what they do in Indonesia. This is a forest in Indonesia that was clear-cut for miles and miles and miles. This is the way it was left. Now, that is not the way it is done in Michigan, not where I live, not in my Federal forests. The problem is we are not doing enough of the select cuts, the limited clear-cuts that allow spreading of new growth. We are competing on our tim-ber products with people that do this to their environment. Now, in this country, private forests and State forests are managed with the stewardship program where third-party stewards of the forest, who are reg-istered, licensed, and trained how to manage forests, are given the oppor-tunity to manage forests over decades, over centuries, so that there is always a healthy forest with mid-term growth, long-term growth, new growth. There is a multiple of species that can live amongst that. People can hunt and enjoy that area. I just want to try to, Mr. Speaker, make sure the American people are aware of the fact that our environment is a place where we live, we want it to be good and healthy, and we want it also to be able to provide jobs for the people that live in my dis-trict and across the country. Some of the statistics I could give you about the Chinese, for example, is that in 2012, China was responsible for over a quarter of the pollution world-wide. As you saw in that circle, the total pollution in China currently equals the pollution from the United States and the European Union com-bined. This is expected to only in-crease. Now, China is run by a centralized government that has not traditionally respected the environment or the con-cerns of the locals when it comes to major decisions or projects. This is the type of policy that we can talk to the Chinese and have a discussion about what they can do to improve their be-havior. India is currently the world’s fastest growing economy and already the fourth largest polluter. As the Indian economy grows, these emissions are going to continue to rise. As you see from Indonesia, there is deforestation and clear-cutting in the rain forest. I want to have responsible and sustainable forestry practices be-cause timber is a renewable resource. Now, our environmental actions have been incremental in nature, but, until this last administration, they haven’t been killing our industry. Now with the Obama administration’s war on coal, significant areas of our economy have fallen into disrepair. I am so thankful, frankly, that we have a new administration coming in that is going to, hopefully, put a stop to those poli-cies that have been driving our jobs overseas and making it difficult for us here at home. I just want to show another graph here for U.S. employment in manufac-turing industries. Now, starting in 1980 into 2014, as you can see, thousands of jobs in the manufacturing industries have gone down. I am not saying that environmental regulations are the complete cause of this, but I think this should be a pretty major part of our de-cisionmaking process as to how we do these things. We have a regulatory and approval process in the United States that most other countries don’t even approach or even pretend to go through. Having in-cremental change consulting with in-dustry and still having strict stand-ards, I think, can all happen at once. But when the current administration has had a policy of killing our industry and not doing anything about these foreign people, we need to put a change to that and turn this manufacturing number around and bring manufac-turing back to where it should be. This slide was made up before the election, so I wasn’t sure it was going to happen in the next administration. b1945 Here are the economically significant regulations this government has put out all the way back to 2000. The num-ber of regulations are expected to cost $100 million or more to the American people. You can see that, consistently, from the beginning of the Obama ad-ministration that that number has sig-nificantly increased. I am so happy to hear that Mr. Trump has promised, for every new regulation, to cut two. Let’s start with the cutting. At the end of the day, we need to pro-tect our environment. However, hamstringing our economy will not save our environment. The other peo-ple on the planet provide for most of the pollution and for the other things that people are afraid of in the environ-ment—more than we are by far. All too often, the consequences of overbur-dening regulations here in America is the flight of manufacturing and indus-try to nations such as China, Indo-nesia, and India. I am hopeful that my colleagues here in the House and in the Senate, along with a new administra-tion, will change that and make logical regulations. I think this will benefit our planet. It will certainly benefit the American citizens. We shouldn’t be im-plementing expensive nonsolutions to a problem of which the extent and im-pact remain uncertain. I have been criticized in the past for talking about global warming and what the future is going to bring. With any-thing you talk about with regard to the administration’s being over-regulatory, then you are accused of being a pol-luter of the planet. I ran for election several times, and these are the types of arguments that people will make to try to make you look bad, to make you look as if you want to pollute the plan-et. I think, really, Americans are tired of that baloney. We want to have a de-cent living; we want to have a clean planet; we want to make sure that the people around the world have the same values and interests that we do in that, if we are going to work hard to try to make our planet cleaner, they should, too, so that we are competing on an even scale here. With what we are doing now, we are not competing on an even scale. It is very important that we don’t allow people to intimidate us when we say: ‘‘I want to have more mining in this country. I want to be able to use coal.’’ They just immediately say that you are an anti-environmentalist, and it is just torture. Most of the people who say this kind of stuff have never been to a community that actually does mining. They just see it from afar. They don’t see the end result of a mine that has been rehabilitated and that is covered with green. They don’t have any idea what is really going on. They just use it in fear so that the American people don’t real-ly realize the truth of what is going on, and they want their vote. They are causing fear in the American people by their saying: ‘‘This guy doesn’t want to protect the environment.’’ I mean, I want to protect the environment. I come from one of the most beautiful places in the country, I think. I want it to be clean and healthy for my children as well, and it is going to be really clean and healthy if nobody lives there because there are no jobs. We need to protect our environment, have policies that allow jobs to continue to occur in this country, and have reasonable regu-lations that make sense and that have sound, scientific studies. This administration has hid the sci-entific studies behind closed doors in many cases. I am a physician. I wrote research papers. I had to show my evi-dence to the world and have other peo-ple criticize what I wrote so that they could say: ‘‘You didn’t do that right,’’ or ‘‘your technique was flawed,’’ or ‘‘the study you did didn’t really show what you said it shows.’’ That is what happens in scientific research—you have to have your research open to criticism. This administration has used science in the way that they say: ‘‘The scientists say ‘this,’’’ but they don’t want to show you the data because they don’t want other people to criti-cize what they have done. They say that other people who might criticize them are just politicized when they, themselves, are politicized. They also don’t want the other side to speak, be-cause they will say: ‘‘You are just anti- environment.’’ We need to have an open discourse of scientists on both sides of issues—and consensus—before we make policies and regulations that kill millions of jobs and that cost families as their raises for the last 8 years have been meager. We need to be sure that science is open and not politicized as it has been in this administration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.080 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6360 November 29, 2016 
I encourage my colleagues to not be afraid to stand up for what is right and for jobs in this country. I encourage the people who may be watching, too, to think about what the politicians they listen to are saying and how it af-fects jobs and how it really affects the environment because, although we want a clean environment, we are not going to write rules that kill jobs and that do not do anything about the real polluters on this planet, who care noth-ing about the environment, and who are causing the majority of the prob-lems around the globe. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
MAKE IT IN AMERICA: MANUFACTURING The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, our previous speaker spoke about the need to revitalize the American economy, and he talked about the regulatory en-vironment as being one of the impedi-ments. Certainly, there are many, many regulations that could impede economic development, but there are also regulations that might enhance economic development. Today I want to continue with what is now a 6-year effort—oh, yes, let’s get this right side up. There we go—to Make It In Amer-ica. Specifically, today, it is about manufacturing because manufacturing matters. When I first came to Congress in 2009, we were in the midst of the Great Re-cession, and millions of Americans had lost their jobs. We saw the Rust Belt literally collapse; we saw factories close; we saw our shipyards opened with nothing happening except in the U.S. naval yards. So here we are some 6 years later: the economy is recov-ering, and we can talk about regula-tions; but what I would like to talk about tonight are positive regula-tions—regulations and laws that grow the American economy, not regula-tions that would hinder. Specifically, as part of this Make It in America agenda, we have these fundamental policies. If we are going to rebuild the American economy, a big part of it has to be manufacturing. It does matter. So what are those issues that are in-volved in rebuilding the American economy? There are trade issues, and we have heard a lot about that in the recent Presidential campaign. Undoubtedly, the Congress will deal with that; Taxes. The debate about taxes really was not very clear in the Presidential election, but we are certainly going to be dealing with tax policy here, and we should. There is no doubt that the American tax policy hinders economic growth in many, many ways for small companies and encourages large com-panies to leave town—to leave Amer-ica—and leave American workers and communities behind. We have seen too much of that; so tax policy becomes a very, very important part of this; With regard to energy and labor, I am going to go specifically to those; but just quickly are the educational policies. There is a lot of jabbering around here, on the floor of Congress, and out around the world about edu-cational policies: Are our schools good enough? They don’t measure up. We need to have charter schools. We are going to go into that in a big way with our new President; but one of the most important parts of education, when we talk about rebuilding the American economy, is that we have properly trained workers whether they are in the computer field—in computer science—or whether they are in the shipyards welding the parts of a ship. A well-trained, well-prepared workforce is absolutely essential for the growth of the American economy; but edu-cation is not the subject today, nor is research; Infrastructure. It is part of what we are going to talk about today, and I am going to try to do this in, maybe, 10 minutes, but not much longer than that. What I want to focus on is energy policy and labor. Did you know—does America know—that the United States has become a net exporter of natural gas? Yes. We do have a boom in the energy industry. It has slowed down a little bit with the drop in the value of crude oil and natural gas; but, nonetheless, as of today, the United States is a net exporter of natural gas. That gas is ex-ported to Canada and Mexico and other parts of the world. When it is exported to other parts of the world, it is ex-ported in ships in liquefied form, called liquefied natural gas, LNG. On ships, liquefied natural gas is part of that ex-port that has turned America from an importing country to an exporting country, which is good for all of us; but let us realize that that natural gas and, for that matter, crude oil, which is also now being exported, is a strategic na-tional asset, a strategic national re-source. It is absolutely crucial to the American economy. I will give you one example—Dow. The big chemical company is bringing back to the United States much of the manufacturing that it once did over-seas of plastic and other products be-cause of the strategic national asset called natural gas. The price of natural gas was low enough that that big, international, domestic, American company—Dow—is returning to the United States to manufacture. It is the same thing with oil. These are stra-tegic national assets that we are now exporting. The question for us in public policy is: Can we, in some way, use this stra-tegic national resource to expand the American economy? The answer is: absolutely, yes. It is not just to the benefit of the en-ergy companies. Maybe we could wish them well as they export our strategic national asset to places around the world and gain a healthy profit— okay—but shouldn’t that be shared with the rest of America? I believe it should, and I know it could. Here is how, and it deals with this issue of labor and manufacturing: Make It In America. Manufacturing matters. Here is the deal. Those export facili-ties for LNG are big operations—lots of pipe, lots of plumbing, lots of con-tainers, all of which are or could be made in America, creating American jobs. Now, once that natural gas is liq-uefied—that is, compressed into a liq-uid—and goes on a ship, the questions are: Where did that ship come from, and who are the sailors on the ship? It used to be, back when the North Slope of Alaska opened up, that the steel in the Trans-Alaska Pipeline and the ships that would then take that oil to the West Coast ports would be American ships with American sailors. It was the law. It was the regulation. Here you had a situation in which the law and regulations created American jobs for mariners and for the American shipyards. b2000 If we were to apply that same prin-ciple to the export of LNG, that stra-tegic national resource, think of what would happen. This year, 2016, the first export facility in Louisiana, Cheniere, began exporting LNG on ships. They were not American ships. There were no American sailors on those ships. The policy of the North Slope oil was not extended to the export of LNG, to the detriment of American jobs. So here is what we ought to do. There is an energy bill floating around some-where in the Senate and the House. No-body knows exactly where it is. But in that energy bill, there is a section that enhances and speeds up the licensing of six other LNG export facilities around the United States on various coasts— on the East Coast, the Gulf Coast, as well as the West Coast. Why not take what we did with the North Slope oil, requiring that it be on American-built ships with American sailors, and apply that same principle, same law, to the export of LNG as these new facilities come online? It is said that the facility on the Gulf Coast, the Cheniere facility in its first part—there are three different pieces of that that will come in over time—the first part of that facility will take 100 ships to export the liquefied natural gas from that one facility. We are prob-ably talking about a few hundred LNG ships to export the liquefied natural gas not only from the existing facility in the Gulf Coast, but to the other fa-cilities that will be built in the future. Perhaps as much as 12 percent of the total natural gas, that strategic na-tional asset, will be exported, requiring hundreds of ships. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.081 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6361 November 29, 2016 
What if we passed a law called Ener-gizing America? I like that title. In fact, we are going to introduce it to-morrow, Energizing America. It is a piece of legislation that would require that we provide 15 percent of the total export on American-built ships. Think about it. Perhaps over the next decade, our shipyards would be building maybe as many as a hundred ships. But let’s just say it is 10, 20, 30 ships. Perhaps more than 100,000 people could be employed in the construction of those ships. This would be a good regulation, wouldn’t it? It would be a regulation that would put Americans back to work. It would be a law that would say a strategic national asset of this Nation will also benefit another strategic na-tional asset: the American shipyards. Our U.S. Navy depends on those ship-yards. Every U.S. naval ship is built in America in American shipyards. And if we were to expand those shipyards, we would find more competition for the naval ships, perhaps a lower price. Per-haps we would also be able to employ marine engineers, welders, plumbers, steamfitters, steelworkers, not only at the shipyards, but in the manufac-turing of the engines here in the United States. Make it in America. Build it in America. All it takes are a couple of paragraphs of law. That is all it would take, a couple of paragraphs of law that say between now and 2024, in the next 8 years, 15 percent of that lique-fied natural gas must be on American- built ships with American sailors. Now, it turns out that these Amer-ican ships and the sailors are a stra-tegic necessity for our U.S. military. Because it turns out that if you are going to project American power around the world, you have to be able to get there with the men, the women, and the materials—and that means ships. So we would build the U.S. merchant marine. We would build American ship-yards so that they would be competi-tive around the world, and we would employ tens of thousands—and perhaps even hundreds or more thousand—of American workers in our shipyards. It is possible. All it takes is a law. So when this energy bill starts mov-ing around—and maybe here in the lameduck session—I would propose a simple amendment: between now and 2024, 15 percent of that export of LNG would be on American-built ships with American sailors. Oh, by the way, there are some older American LNG ships that could be re-flagged for the purposes of meeting at least part of that 15 percent in the ini-tial years. And then after 2025, let’s ramp it up to 30 percent. Let’s keep our shipyards busy. Let’s keep our steel-workers, our welders, our plumbers, our marine engineers, our factories busy in the future with a very simple law that would be a really good regula-tion. Oh, I can hear the whining of the oil industry and of the natural gas indus-try, ‘‘Oh, it is going to be too expen-sive.’’ It is not nearly as expensive as not having American jobs and not be being able to project American power because we do not have a robust mer-chant marine and a robust number of American ships. Consider this fact: after World War II, we had 1,200 American ships, Amer-ican sailors on them, all American flagged. In the 1980s, we had 500. Today, we have less than 80. We are seeing the disappearance of the American merchant marine. Amer-ican sailors, American-flagged ships, American shipyards are all diminishing and very rapidly disappearing. It is up to us, your elected officials—myself, my colleagues, 434 other Members of Congress and the 100 Senators. And, I guess, the new President is interested in making America great again. Hey, here is how you can do it, President- elect Trump. Do it in policies that once again call for making it in America. So what are my colleagues going to do? Let this opportunity slip? Let this opportunity disappear? Forget about the strategic nature of energy in the United States, the strategic necessity of being able to project American power with American sailors and American ships to go wherever we want? Oh, yes, I heard somebody say, well, we could contract to have ships sent to move our military: Oh, yeah, hello, Mr. Xi. Oh, yeah, I am phoning. Yeah, I’m phoning from Washington, D.C., and, yeah, can you folks in Beijing send over ships so that we can send men and material to the South China Sea? It is not likely to happen, right? We can’t depend on other countries. We have to depend on our own abilities, our own shipyards, our own mariners. We can do it. There are many bad regulations to be sure. There are some that hinder the economy. But I would propose to you that a very good law could be used to build the American economy by simply requiring that the export of liquefied natural gas be done on American ships, 15 percent between now and 2024, and thereafter, 30 percent, echoing what we did back in the 1960s when the North Slope of Alaska opened up and that oil came south. American steel pipe and American- made ships with American sailors, we can do it once again for the benefit of our country, for our national security, and for American workers and Amer-ican businesses. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. J
ONES (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and for the bal-ance of the week on account of per-sonal reasons. Mr. P
OEof Texas (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and for the balance of the week on account of per-sonal reasons. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2873. An Act to require studies and re-ports examining the use of, and opportuni-ties to use, technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to im-prove programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on November 28, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bills: 
H.R. 4902. To amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law enforcement availability pay to employees of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection’s Air and Marine Operations. H.R. 5873. To designate the Federal build-ing and United States courthouse located at 511 East San Antonio Avenue in El Paso, Texas, as the ‘‘R.E. Thomason Federal Build-ing and United States Courthouse’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, November 30, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the second and third quarters of 2016, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.083 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6362 November 29, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUL Y 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Travel to Germany—June 27–July 1, 2016 Kari Bingen .............................................................. 6 /27 7 /1 Germany .................................... ............ .................... 807.37 .................... 66.48 .................... .................... .................... 87 3.85 Commercial transportation ............................. ............. ................. ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,121.26 .................... .................. .. .................... 2,121.26 Timothy Morrison ..................................................... 6 /27 7 /1 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... 807.37 .................... 66.48 .................... .................... .................... 873.85  Commercial transportation ............................. ............. ................. ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,121.26 .................... .................. .. .................... 2,121.26 William Spencer Johnson ......................................... 6 /27 7 /1 Germany ............................................. ... .................... 807.37 .................... 66.48 .................... .................... .................... 873.85 Commercial transportation ............................. ............. ................. ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,121.26 .................... .................. .. .................... 2,121.26 Travel to Qatar, Bahrain, Iraq, Kuwait, Afghani-stan—July 15–21, 2016 Hon. William M. ‘‘Mac’’ Thornberry ......................... 7 /16 7 /17 Qatar ................................................... .. .................... 162.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 162.00 7 /17 7 /17 Bahrain ................................................. .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /17 7 /18 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 11.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 11.00 7 /18 7 /19 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 432.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 432.00 7 /19 7 /20 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 7.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 7.00 7 /20 7 /21 Qatar ..................................................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... Hon. Seth Moulton ................................................... 7 /16 7 /17 Qatar .......................................... ........... .................... 162.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 162.00 7 /17 7 /17 Bahrain ................................................. .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /17 7 /18 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 11.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 11.00 7 /18 7 /19 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 432.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 432.00 7 /19 7 /20 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 7.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 7.00 7 /20 7 /21 Qatar ..................................................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... Robert L. Simmons .................................................. 7 /16 7 /17 Qatar ........................................... .......... .................... 162.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 162.00 7 /17 7 /17 Bahrain ................................................. .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /17 7 /18 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 11.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 11.00 7 /18 7 /19 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 432.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 432.00 7 /19 7 /20 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 7.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 7.00 7 /20 7 /21 Qatar ..................................................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... Paul Arcangeli ......................................................... 7 /16 7 /17 Qatar ....................................... .............. .................... 162.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 162.00 7 /17 7 /17 Bahrain ................................................. .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /17 7 /18 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 11.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 11.00 7 /18 7 /19 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 432.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 432.00 7 /19 7 /20 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 7.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 7.00 7 /20 7 /21 Qatar ..................................................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... Kari Bingen .............................................................. 7 /16 7 /17 Qatar ..................................... ................ .................... 162.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 162.00 7 /17 7 /17 Bahrain ................................................. .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7 /17 7 /18 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 11.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 11.00 7 /18 7 /19 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 432.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 432.00 7 /19 7 /20 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 7.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 7.00 7 /20 7 /21 Qatar ..................................................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... Delegation expenses ....................................... ............. ................. Iraq ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 7,266.00 .................... .................. .. .................... 7,266.00 Visit to Japan, South Korea, the Philippines—July 15–23, 2016 with CODEL Schatz Hon. John Garamendi .............................................. 7 /17 7 /19 South Korea ....................................... ... .................... 371.78 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 371.78 7 /19 7 /20 the Philippines ..................................... .................... 295.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 295.00 7 /20 7 /23 Japan .................................................... .................... 599.87 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 599.87 Visit to United Kingdom—July 16–19, 2016 Hon. Trent Franks .................................................... 7 /17 7 /19 United Kingdom ................................ .... .................... 1,773.39 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 1,773.39 Commercial transportation ............................. ............. ................. ...........................................
.................... .................... .................... .................... 2,121.26 .................... .................. .. .................... 2,121.26 Andrew Walter ......................................................... 7 /17 7 /19 United Kingdom ............................... ..... .................... 1,773.39 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 1,773.39 Commercial transportation ............................. ............. ................. ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,121.26 .................... .................. .. .................... 2,121.26 Visit to Nigeria, Cameroon—July 25–30, 2016 with STAFFDEL Barker Katherine Quinn ....................................................... 7 /26 7 /26 Nigeria ...................................... ............ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 7 /26 7 /29 Cameroon .............................................. .................... 436.36 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 436.36 Commercial transportation ............................. ............. ................. ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 13,812.18 .................... ................. ... .................... 13,812.18 Visit to Israel, Latvia, Poland, Germany—August 19–28, 2016 Hon. Chris Gibson ................................................... 8 /20 8 /22 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 1,036.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,036.00 8 /22 8 /24 Poland ................................................... .................... 535.87 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 535.87 8 /24 8 /24 Latvia .................................................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /24 8 /25 Germany ................................................ .................... 269.15 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 269.15 Hon. Paul Cook ........................................................ 8 /20 8 /22 Israel ....................................... .............. .................... 1,036.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 1,036.00 8 /22 8 /24 Poland ................................................... .................... 535.87 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 535.87 8 /24 8 /24 Latvia .................................................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /24 8 /25 Germany ................................................ .................... 269.15 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 269.15 Hon. Austin Scott .................................................... 8 /20 8 /22 Israel ........................................ ............. .................... 1,036.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 1,036.00 8 /22 8 /24 Poland ................................................... .................... 535.87 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 535.87 8 /24 8 /24 Latvia .................................................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /24 8 /25 Germany ................................................ .................... 269.15 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 269.15 Hon. Richard B. Nugent .......................................... 8 /20 8 /22 Israel ............................................. ........ .................... 1,036.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 1,036.00 8 /22 8 /24 Poland ................................................... .................... 535.87 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 535.87 8 /24 8 /24 Latvia .................................................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /24 8 /25 Germany ................................................ .................... 269.15 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 269.15 Heath Bope .............................................................. 8 /20 8 /22 Israel ..................................... ................ .................... 1,036.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .. .................. 1,036.00 8 /22 8 /24 Poland ................................................... .................... 535.87 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 535.87 8 /24 8 /24 Latvia .................................................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 8 /24 8 /25 Germany ................................................ .................... 269.15 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 269.15 Visit to Germany, Italy—September 25–29, 2016 with STAFFDEL Barker Mark Morehouse ...................................................... 9 /26 9 /29 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... 845.18 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 845.18 9 /27 9 /28 Italy ....................................................... .................... 482.77 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 482.77 Commercial transportation ............................. ............. ................. ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 4,005.76 .................... .................. .. .................... 4,005.76 Katherine Quinn ....................................................... 9 /26 9 /29 Germany ...................................... .......... .................... 845.18 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 845.18 9 /27 9 /28 Italy ....................................................... .................... 482.77 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 482.77 Commercial transportation ............................. ............. ................. ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 4,005.76 .................... .................. .. .................... 4,005.76 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 22,592.90 .................... 39,895.44 .................... .................... ..... ............... 62,488.34 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MAC THORNBERRY, Chairman, Nov. 10, 2016. 
(AMENDMENT) REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATI VES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. John Kline ........................................................ 3 /31 4 /2 Philippines .................................. .......... .................... 605.84 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 605.84 4 /2 4 /7 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,638.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,638.00 Hon. David ‘‘Phil’’ Roe ............................................ 3 /30 3 /31 USA ............................................. .......... .................... .................... .................... 677.70
* .................... .................... .................... 677.70 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.041 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6363 November 29, 2016 
(AMENDMENT) REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATI VES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
............. ................. Philippines ............................................ .................... 186.98* .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 186.98 ............. ................. Australia ............................................... .................... 636.00
* .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 636.00 Hon. Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott ................................ 3 /31 4 /2 Philippines ........................................... . .................... 605.84 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 605.84 4 /2 4 /7 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,638.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,638.00 ............. 4 /7 Australia ............................................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 1,168.86 .................... .................... .................... 1,168.86 Hon. Rube´n Hinojosa ............................................... 3 /31 4 /2 Philippines ............................................ .... ................ 605.84 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 605.84 4 /2 4 /7 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,638.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,638.00 Juliane Sullivan ....................................................... 3 /31 4 /2 Philippines .................................. .......... .................... 605.84 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 605.84 4 /2 4 /7 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,689.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,689.00 Janelle Gardner ........................................................ 3 /31 4 /2 Philippines .................................. .......... .................... 605.84 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 605.84 4 /2 4 /7 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,662.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,662.00 Brian Newell ............................................................ 3 /31 4 /2 Philippines ................................. ........... .................... 605.84 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 605.84 4 /2 4 /7 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,689.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,689.00 Elizabeth Podgorski ................................................. 3 /31 4 /2 Philippines ..................................... ....... .................... 605.84 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 605.84 4 /2 4 /7 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,478.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,478.00 Richard Miller .......................................................... 3 /31 4 /2 Philippines ................................. ........... .................... 605.84 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 605.84 4 /2 4 /7 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,662.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,662.00 Krisann Pearce ........................................................ 3 /31 4 /2 Philippines ................................... ......... .................... 605.84 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 605.84 4 /2 4 /7 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,662.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,662.00 Hon. Frederica Wilson .............................................. 6 /24 6 /27 Panama .......................................... ...... .................... 837.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 837.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 21,868.54 .................... 1,846.56 .................... .................... ...... .............. 23,715.10 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
*Traveler departed trip state-side due to a death in the family. Post was unable to cancel rooms in Manila and Sydney. HON. JOHN KLINE, Chairman, Nov. 7, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDE D BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. JOHN KLINE, Chairman, Nov. 7, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, SELECT COMMITTEE ON BENGHAZI, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JU LY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. TREY GOWDY, Chairman, Nov. 15, 2016. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
7624. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, Division of Swap Dealer and Intermediary Oversight, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Chief Compliance Officer Annual Report Requirements for Futures Commis-sion Merchants, Swap Dealers, and Major Swap Participants; Amendments to Filing Dates (RIN: 3038-AE49) received November 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7625. A letter from the Special Inspector General, Office of the Special Inspector Gen-eral For The Troubled Asset Relief Program, transmitting the Office’s quarterly report on the actions undertaken by the Department of the Treasury under the Troubled Asset Relief Program, for the period ending Octo-ber 26, 2016; to the Committee on Financial Services. 7626. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of Labor, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting the Department’s Major final rule — Walking-Working Surfaces and Personal Protective Equipment (Fall Protection Sys-tems) [Docket No.: OSHA-2007-0072] (RIN: 1218-AB80) received November 18, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 7627. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; AK; Permitting Fees Revision [EPA-R10- OAR-2016-0591; FRL-9955-48-Region 10] re-ceived November 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7628. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Quality Plans; Ten-nessee; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0154; FRL-9955-58-Region 4] received November 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7629. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG — Seismic Classification [NUREG-0800, Revision 3] (Section 3.2.1) re-ceived November 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7630. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG — Reactor Operator Requali-fication Program; Reactor Operator Training [NUREG-0800, Revision 4] (Section 13.2.1) re-ceived November 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7631. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG — Operating Organization [NUREG-0800, Revision 7] (Sections 13.1.2- 13.1.3) received November 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.041 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6364 November 29, 2016 
Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7632. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG — System Quality Group Clas-sification [NUREG-0800, Revision 3] (Section 3.2.2) received November 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7633. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG — Administrative Procedures — General [NUREG-0800, Revision 2] (Section 13.5.1.1) received November 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7634. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG — Management and Technical Support Organization [NUREG-0800, Revision 6] (Section 13.1.1) received November 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 7635. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reac-tors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final NUREG — Non-Licensed Plant Staff Training; Revision 4, Sec. 13.2.2 (NUREG-0800, Chapter 3) re-ceived November 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7636. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the 2016 Annual Report on the Benjamin A. Gilman International Scholar-ship Program, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2462 note; Public Law 106-309, Sec. 304; (114 Stat. 1095); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7637. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Updated Statements of Legal Authority for the Export Administration Regulations [Docket No.: 161012953-6953-01] (RIN: 0694- AH15) received November 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7638. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of Qatar, Transmittal No. 16-58, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7639. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of Kuwait, Transmittal No. 16-21, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7640. A letter from the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting an addendum to a certification, Transmittal No. DDTC 16-060, pursuant to Public Law 110-429, Sec. 201; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 7641. A letter from the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting an addendum to a certification, Transmittal No. DDTC 16-091, pursuant to Public Law 110-429, Sec. 201; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 7642. A letter from the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting an addendum to a certification, Transmittal No. DDTC 16-084, pursuant to Public Law 110-429, Sec. 201; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 7643. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a determination to waive the certification requirement in section 7044(d)(1) regarding FY 2016 Economic Sup-port Funds, pursuant to Public Law 114-113, Div. K, Sec. 7044(d)(2); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7644. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a determination and certifi-cation to waive for a period of six months the restrictions of section 1003 of Public Law 100-204, in accordance with Public Law 114- 123, Div. C, Sec. 7041(j)(2)(B)(i); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 7645. A letter from the Under Secretary, Comptroller, Department of Defense, trans-mitting a letter stating that the Department of Defense received an extension from the Of-fice of Management and Budget to submit the Agency Financial Report by December 15, 2016, pursuant to OMB’s authority under Sec. 303 of the Chief Financial Officers Act, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7646. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting the Depart-ment’s FY 2016 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7647. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting the De-partment’s FY 2016 Agency Financial Re-port, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 7648. A letter from the Chairman, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s FY 2016 Performance and Ac-countability Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 7649. A letter from the Chair, Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Inspector General Semiannual Report to Congress, and Management Re-port, for the period April 1, 2016 through Sep-tember 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7650. A letter from the Executive Director, National Mining Hall of Fame and Museum, transmitting the annual report and financial audit for the year 2015 of the National Min-ing Hall of Fame and Museum, pursuant to Sec. 152112 and 10101, respectively, of Title 36 of the U.S. Code; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 7651. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31101; Amdt. No.: 3718] received November 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7652. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums, and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31100; Amdt. No. 3717] received November 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7653. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Pollutant Dis-charge Elimination System (NPDES) Munic-ipal Separate Storm Sewer System General Permit Remand Rule [EPA-HQ-OW-2015-0671; FRL-9955-11-OW] (RIN: 2040-AF57) received November 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7654. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Revision of Certain Federal Water Quality Criteria Applicable to Wash-ington [EPA-HQ-OW-2015-0174; FRL-9955-40- OW] (RIN: 2040-AF56) received November 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7655. A letter from the Chief, Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Extension of Import Re-strictions Imposed on Certain Archae-ological and Ethnological Material from Greece [CBP Dec. 16-21] (RIN: 1515-AE18) re-ceived November 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7656. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Treatment of Amounts Paid to Sec. 170(c) Organizations under Employer Leave- Based Donation Programs to Aid Victims of Hurricane Matthew (Notice 2016-69) received November 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7657. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Applicable Federal Rates — December 2016 (Rev. Rul. 2016-27) received November 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7658. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — SB/SE Fast Track Mediation--Collec-tion (Rev. Proc. 2016-57) received November 22, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7659. A letter from the Commission, United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission, transmitting the Commission’s 2016 Annual Report to the Congress with Ex-ecutive Summary and Recommendations, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 7002(c)(1); Public Law 106-398, Sec. 1238(c)(1) (as amended by Public Law 110-161); (121 Stat. 2285); jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means, Foreign Af-fairs, and Armed Services. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29NO7.000 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6365 November 29, 2016 
for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 1219. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey cer-tain land and appurtenances of the Arbuckle Project, Oklahoma, to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–834). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5790. A bill to provide adequate protections for whistle-blowers at the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion (Rept. 114–835). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5920. A bill to enhance whistleblower protection for con-tractor and grantee employees (Rept. 114–836, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 6302. A bill to provide an increase in premium pay for United States Secret Service agents per-forming protective services during 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–837). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: Committee on House Administration. H. Res. 933. A resolu-tion providing amounts for further expenses of the Committee on Energy and Commerce in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress (Rept. 114–838). Referred to the House Cal-endar. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 934. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 34) to authorize and strengthen the tsunami detection, forecast, warning, re-search, and mitigation program of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6392) to amend the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to specify when bank holding companies may be sub-ject to certain enhanced supervision, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–839). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Armed Services dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 5920 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. M CNERNEY (for himself and Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois): H.R. 6394. A bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to submit to Congress a report on promoting broadband Internet access service for veterans; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 6395. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt the spouses of active duty members of the Armed Forces from the determination of whether an em-ployer is subject to the employer health in-surance mandate; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BUCHANAN (for himself, Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. K IND, and Mr. N EAL): H.R. 6396. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the qualification requirements with respect to certain mul-tiple employer plans with pooled plan pro-viders, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 6397. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to ensure that new wind turbines located near certain military in-stallations are ineligible for the renewable electricity production credit and the energy credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6398. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to provide for the inclusion of un-married women in the criteria for awarding a grant to a women’s business center; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 6399. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to create a Medicare hospital wage index metropolitan floor, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6400. A bill to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Re-sources System units in New Jersey; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SABLAN (for himself and Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN ): H.R. 6401. A bill to amend Public Law 94- 241 with respect to the Northern Mariana Is-lands; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ of Cali-fornia (for herself and Mr. R
OEof Tennessee): H.R. 6402. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and the Employee Retire-ment Income Security Act of 1974 to avoid duplicative annual reporting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H
ONDA , and Mrs. B USTOS ): H. Res. 932. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives with respect to third-party charges on consumer telephone bills; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself and Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska): H. Res. 935. A resolution expressing the sense of the House that Congress should rec-ognize the benefits of charitable giving and express support for the designation of #GivingTuesday; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. WELCH: H. Res. 936. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that all students should have access to the digital tools necessary to further their education and compete in the 21st century economy; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. M CNERNEY: H.R. 6394. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States grants Congress the au-thority to enact this bill. By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 6395. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. BUCHANAN: H.R. 6396. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, sec. 8 By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 6397. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6398. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the powers granted to the Congress by Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 6399. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution, Article I, Sec-tion 8 By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6400. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States grants Congress the au-thority to enact this bill. By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 6401. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, 4, and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ of Cali-fornia: H.R. 6402. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 241: Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 449: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 592: Mr. R
OYCE . H.R. 604: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 729: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 846: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 855: Mr. H
ECKof Washington. H.R. 994: Mr. H
ECKof Washington. H.R. 1116: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1171: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 1202: Mr. L
EWIS. H.R. 1211: Mr. H
ECKof Washington. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.033 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6366 November 29, 2016 
H.R. 1356: Mr. H ECKof Washington. H.R. 1422: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 1427: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 1457: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 1526: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1552: Ms. E
STY. H.R. 1559: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 1608: Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , and Mr. M CNER-
NEY. H.R. 2050: Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 2293: Mr. C
LAYand Mr. D IAZ-BALART . H.R. 2368: Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 2411: Mr. H
ECKof Washington. H.R. 2434: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 2450: Mr. C
OURTNEY , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 2903: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 3226: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana and Mr. L
EWIS. H.R. 3229: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 3268: Mr. R
EICHERT . H.R. 3355: Mr. A
SHFORD , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala- bama, and Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 3365: Mr. H
ECKof Washington. H.R. 3381: Mr. R
EICHERT . H.R. 3474: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 3666: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3706: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 3846: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. P ALAZZO . H.R. 4013: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4212: Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 4220: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 4275: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 4380: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4625: Mr. H
ECKof Washington. H.R. 4818: Mr. Y
OHOand Mr. C HAFFETZ . H.R. 4919: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 5082: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 5167: Ms. P
INGREE and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 5180: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 5235: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 5262: Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 5369: Ms. M
CCOLLUM and Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 5410: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 5474: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 5489: Mr. T
HORNBERRY . H.R. 5584: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 5667: Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. S IMPSON , and Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5681: Mr. HARPER and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 5721: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. R
ENACCI , Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 5916: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5932: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 5974: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 5999: Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. M CKINLEY , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 6020: Mr. R
YAN of Ohio and Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 6021: Mr. R
YAN of Ohio and Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 6030: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 6045: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 6099: Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 6100: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. L AB-
RADOR , and Mr. O LSON . H.R. 6108: Mr. O
LSON , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. G
IBBS. H.R. 6116: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 6117: Mr. G
ARAMENDI and Mr. M CNER-
NEY. H.R. 6139: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 6159: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 6185: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 6208: Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. L EVIN, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , and Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 6283: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 6299: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 6316: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 6336: Mr. H
UFFMAN and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 6340: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. B EYER , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. M
ENG, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali- fornia, Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. L
EE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Ms. E
DWARDS . H.R. 6346: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 6374: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 6382: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. M OORE , Mr. B
EYER , and Mr. K ILDEE . H.R. 6392: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida, Ms. S
INEMA , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. S TIV-
ERS, Mr. H ILL, Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mrs. L OVE. H.J. Res. 102: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, and Mr. B
RADY of Texas. H. Con. Res. 145: Ms. J
ACKSON LEEand Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H. Con. Res. 159: Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , and Mr. G ROTHMAN . H. Con. Res. 161: Mr. Y
OHOand Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS . H. Con. Res. 162: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Ms. T
ITUS. H. Con. Res. 165: Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , Mrs. L OWEY , and Mr. M OULTON . H. Res. 752: Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. B LACK , Miss R
ICE of New York, Ms. L INDA T. S
A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. V ARGAS , and Ms. P LASKETT . H. Res. 838: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H. Res. 854: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H. Res. 871: Mr. B
ARR. H. Res. 925: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER and Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H. Res. 926: Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , and Ms. P
LASKETT . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BY MR. LUETKEMEYER  H.R. 6392 does not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.042 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6521 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2016 No. 170 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, our help in ages past, our hope for years to come, thank You for the spirit of contentment we can receive from You, bringing quietness and faith to our hearts. Today, use our Senators for Your purposes, enabling them to live worthy of Your Name. May the words they speak bring edification and unity as our lawmakers build bridges of co-operation. Lord, give them the wisdom to depart from strife, remembering that soft answers turn away anger. In-spire them to avoid contention in their search for common ground. Give them cheerful hearts and optimistic spirits. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—H.R. 6297 Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6297) to reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The bill will be placed on the cal-endar. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT—H.R. 6297 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I now ask unanimous consent that at a time to be determined by the majority leader, after consultation with the Democratic leader, the Senate proceed to the consideration of H.R. 6297, which was received from the House; further that the bill be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage of the bill with no intervening action or debate; finally, if passed, that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, the ranking mem-ber of the Intelligence Committee, Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN , has had some trouble with this. I spoke to her last night. She said to go ahead and let this go. She is totally in agreement now that there would be time for debate on this issue and a vote. We understand that. So I am not objecting to this matter. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. IRAN SANCTIONS EXTENSION BILL Mr. MCCONNELL. This week, Sen-ators will have a chance to pass the Iran Sanctions Extension Act that re-cently passed the House on an over-whelming vote. Preserving these sanc-tions is critical, given Iran’s disturbing pattern of aggression and its persistent efforts to expand its sphere of influence across the Middle East. This is all the more important, given how the administration has ignored Iran’s overall efforts to upset the bal-ance of power in the greater Middle East and how it has been held hostage by Iran’s threats to withdraw from the nuclear agreement. The authorities ex-tended by this bill give us some of the tools needed to impose sanctions if necessary to hold Iran accountable and help keep Americans safer from this threat. I expect that next year the new Con-gress and the new administration will undertake a review of our overall pol-icy toward Iran, and these authorities should remain in place as we address how best to deal with Iranian missile tests, support to Hezbollah, and sup-port of the Syrian regime. 
f 
BUSINESS BEFORE THE CONGRESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, as we come to the end of this year and of this Congress, we will continue in our efforts to complete the business before us. Members have been working dili-gently on their respective conference committees to conclude the out-standing conference reports on the De-fense authorization bill, the waterways infrastructure and resources bill, and the energy policy modernization bill. I look forward to the full Senate taking up these measures as they are available so that we can pass final legislation to be signed into law. In the coming days, the Senate will also consider a critical and bipartisan medical innovation bill known as the 21st Century Cures bill, as well as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.000 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6522 November 29, 2016 
continuing resolution to keep the gov-ernment funded and carry us into the spring. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
UNLV STUDENT NEWSPAPER Mr. REID. Mr. President, yesterday an amazing thing happened at the Uni-versity of Nevada at Las Vegas, and it deserves some attention here this morning. I will take just a brief time to talk about that. The students who operate that news-paper made the bold decision to change the name of the newspaper. It has been going on and has been somewhat con-troversial now for quite some time. The newspaper will no longer be called the Rebel Yell. There were many who felt that was a disparaging name for the paper. The Civil War ended a long time ago. We should not harken back to the Civil War and the Confederacy for that newspaper. Now UNLV’s newspaper will be called the Scarlet & Gray Free Press. I am happy to have with me today Brian Ahern, who is an able member of my press staff. He was the managing editor of that newspaper. He helped run the newspaper when he was at UNLV. I am proud of these students who did this. Seven months ago, when the stu-dents announced their intention to change the name of the paper, I pub-licly supported them. Now that they have followed through, I am all the more amazed by their leadership and courage in doing the right thing. The name change was not easy. There was a lot of debate swirling around this issue on campus and throughout the State. These students were more interested in unifying the student body and reject-ing hateful symbols of a racist and di-visive past than in hiding behind tradi-tion. Now it is time for the university’s administration to do the right thing and get rid of the ‘‘Rebel’’ mascot. What these young men and women have done is a lesson for all of us. Some politicians, State legislators, and the National Football League can learn a thing or two from these students. I ap-plaud the Scarlet & Gray Free Press for doing the right thing. They have long been an independent voice for the students at UNLV. I congratulate my able staff member, Brian, for urging me to move forward on this matter for many months now. BUSINESS BEFORE THE CONGRESS Mr. REID. Mr. President, as the Re-publican leader mentioned a minute or two ago, the Senate has some impor-tant work to do before this Congress can come to a close. One of the pieces of legislation that has to be addressed is the Cures Act, a scaled-back version of the 21st Century Cures legislation the House is scheduled to consider to-morrow. The staffs of the Senate Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions Committee and the House Energy and Commerce Committee have worked countless hours on this bill. For more than a year, they have missed time with their families and given up vacations in the hope of reaching bipartisan agreement. There are many priorities in this bill to address funding for opioids, which has been an ongoing problem with all of the deaths occurring on a daily basis. We have done nothing to help with that—nothing. Of course, we are concerned about cancer and the advocacy of Vice Presi-dent B
IDEN and the so-called moonshot, as well as important provisions for the National Institutes of Health. There are other issues outstanding that will need to be resolved in this matter. It is my understanding that the com-mittee work continues in the House, and we can expect a managers’ amend-ment in the House Rules Committee sometime tonight. We are all eager to see what that is going to be. We know it is different from the Senate bill, which we felt very good about. By the end of next week, we are going to have to pass new legislation to ensure that the government does not shut down for lack of funding. But we also have to be concerned about what happens with that Cures Act. Is this going to be put over again, as we have put over opioid funding time and again over the past several years, or are we going to move forward with something that is constructive in nature? Right now, there is some angst in my caucus about what we should do. Now, on funding, I am very dis-appointed that the Republican leader-ship appears unwilling to pass a com-prehensive bill that reflects the careful and considered judgment of the Appro-priations Committee. With only days left in this Congress, we should be working on a bipartisan bill, in a man-ner that is bipartisan, to set out our priorities. But that is not happening. We should be funding initiatives that serve important needs and eliminate others that are wasteful and have a lower priority. Instead, it appears that we are going to pass another con-tinuing resolution that just sets the government on autopilot, potentially for many months. The exact months we don’t know. I guess there is some dis-pute among the Republican leadership as to how long the CR is going to be. But this isn’t governing. That is punting, for lack of a better descrip-tion. They are trapped, and the only thing they can do is punt and see what happens later. It is irresponsible, it is wasteful, and it is not the way we should be doing the business of this Congress. Mr. President, will the Chair an-nounce the business of the day. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 11 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The assistant Democratic leader. 
f 
DACA Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, 15 years ago, a woman contacted my office in Chicago because she had a problem. It turned out that her daughter, who was about 17 years old or 18 years old at the time, had an extraordinary musical talent and had been accepted as a stu-dent at the Manhattan School of Music, as well as at the Juilliard School in New York. The problem was that her daughter was undocumented. She brought her little girl to the United States at the age of 2. This Korean girl, Tereza Lee, was raised in the United States by a family of very modest means, but she showed extraordinary talent at music, so much so that she was accepted at these great schools. When she went to fill out the applica-tion form and they asked for her na-tionality or citizenship status, she turned to her mother and said: What should I put here? Her mother said: Well, I never filed any papers after we brought you to this country, so I don’t know. They called our office. The law was very clear. This young girl, who for 15 or 16 years had grown up in Chicago in modest circumstances, gone to school, done well, and excelled in her music, was in fact undocumented. Under the law of the United States of America, the only recourse for her—and it is still the case—was to leave this country for 10 years and apply to come back. I thought to myself: This little girl had nothing to say when the family de-cided to move to the United States when she was 2 years of age. She wasn’t consulted. She didn’t make a conscious decision. She, in fact, did everything she was expected to do in her life. She grew up believing that she would be in America, that she would be part of this country’s future, but she has this un-documented status, an uncertain sta-tus. That is why, 15 years ago, I intro-duced the DREAM Act. It said to young women and men such as Tereza Lee: We will give you a chance. If you were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.002 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6523 November 29, 2016 
brought to the United States as a child, you have gone through school and done well, and you have no serious criminal issues that worry us, we will give you a chance to earn your way into legal status and ultimately citi-zenship. The DREAM Act was introduced 15 years ago. Over the last 15 years, it has passed in the House some years and in the Senate in other years. It has never become the law of the land. It was a few years ago that I wrote a letter to then-President Obama—still President Obama—and asked him, as a cosponsor of my DREAM Act, could he do some-thing to help these young people who were fearful they were going to be de-ported. Republican Senator Lugar of Indiana joined me in the letter, and later some 20 other Senators joined as well. President Obama studied it and asked his Attorney General and others to find a path, and he created an Exec-utive action. That Executive action al-lows those who have been in a status such as Tereza Lee’s a chance under the Deferred Action for Childhood Ar-rivals Program, or the DACA Program, to sign up with the government, to reg-ister with the government, to pay a fil-ing fee of almost $500, and to go through a criminal background check. For that, if approved, they receive a 2- year temporary and renewable status. That status would allow them to stay in the United States without fear of de-portation and would allow them to work. Since the President’s Executive ac-tion was launched, some 744,000 young people have taken advantage of it. Many of their parents warned them. They said: Be careful. If you sign up with this government and tell them you are not here legally, they might use it against you. Some of those students, young peo-ple, and their parents came to me with that concern. I said to them: As long as you are following the law, as long as you are paying the fee, submitting yourself to a criminal background check, and understand this is only a temporary situation that can be re-newed, do it. Be part of America. Be part of obeying the law, following the law, and, ultimately, I think it will be to your benefit. When I gave that advice, I could not have imagined that we would be facing a new President in just a few weeks with a totally different view on immi-gration. That President-elect, Donald Trump, has said some very hurtful and divisive things about immigration dur-ing the course of his campaign. Fortu-nately for us, it appears he is reflecting on those statements now, and some of those he is modifying, if not changing. I hope he will do the same when it comes to this. These 744,000 DACA-eli-gible persons who are currently in the program, as well as others, should be given their chance in America. As long as they are no threat to our country, we should capitalize on their talents, on the education that they have re-ceived that we paid for, and give them a chance to make America better. I have stood on the floor many times—and I will today—to tell the story of just one of these students. It is one thing to talk about what they might bring to this country, and it is another thing to get to know them a little bit. This is a photograph of Yuri Her-nandez. Yuri was 3 years old when her family brought her to the United States from Mexico. She grew up in Coos Bay, OR. In high school she was an honor roll student and was active in her community. She was an active member of the Key Club and the Kiwanis service program for students. She was voted homecoming princess of her high school and jubilee princess of Coos Bay. She attended the University of Port-land, where she graduated with a bach-elor’s degree in social work. She re-ceived numerous awards and was in-volved in many extracurricular and volunteer activities. She was vice president of the Social Work Club, a board member of the National Associa-tion of Social Workers, and a member of Oregonians Against Trafficking Hu-mans. When you hear about her record in college and what she has achieved, re-member this: This young lady did not qualify for one penny of Federal assist-ance. Because she is undocumented, be-cause she is a DREAMer, she was ineli-gible for the things that many students take for granted in America, such as Pell grants and government loans. Yuri had to find another way to do this. She had to work her way through school, borrowing money from parents. She faced hardships that many stu-dents don’t face, but she overcame them. That speaks to her, her char-acter, and her determination. She volunteered as a tutor for at-risk elementary school students. During her senior year in college, she was a full- time student and a full-time worker to pay for her college education. Do we need persons in America such as Yuri—so determined, so committed to their future that they are willing to make sacrifices many students don’t make? Of course we do. Yuri is now a graduate student at the University of Michigan School of So-cial Work. Again, she doesn’t qualify for any government assistance to go to school. She is planning on a graduate degree, a master’s in social work, in the fall of 2017, and she still finds time to tutor and mentor high school stu-dents. She wants to give back to America. She wrote a letter to me about the DACA Program and said: 
DACA opened a lot of doors. I no longer wake up every day fearing that I could be picked up and deported [out of the United States]. . . . DACA changed my life com-pletely and allowed me to use my education. 
Would America be better if Yuri were deported, if she were sent away from this country to a country she has never known, one from which she was taken away when she was a child of 3 years of age? I think the answer is obvious. For her and for thousands such as her, this is a moment of testing. Will we in the United States of America, this Nation of diverse immigrants, this diverse Nation that believes in fairness and justice, give to those DREAMers, those DACA recipients, their chance to prove themselves? Will we hold these children responsible for decisions made by their parents or will we give them their own chance in life? Over the last few weeks, I have been home in Illinois, and I have talked to a lot of people who have come to know these DACA recipients and DREAMers. Many of these young people are de-spondent. With the new President, they are afraid they are going to lose any protection they currently have from deportation. Some of them have been driven to despair. Some have decided to leave the country, and, in some rare cases, there have been cases of suicide from their despondency. We can do better, America. We can say to these young people that, while Congress debates immigration and its future, we are going to make certain they are not penalized and hurt in the process. For Yuri and thousands just like her, we owe it to them to give them their chance. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ECHO BILL Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I come to the floor to express my support for the ECHO Act, which the Senate will be voting on in approximately 1 hour. This represents bipartisan work—an-other bipartisan achievement during this very productive term of Congress. In this case it is Senators H
ATCH and S
CHATZ who have led us to this morn-ing’s vote. The ECHO Act is named after Project ECHO, an innovative telehealth-in-spired model originally conceived at the University of New Mexico. Project ECHO has created promising opportu-nities for primary care clinicians to re-ceive high-quality specialty training remotely. In this way, the most remote patient in the most underserved area can receive specialized care by his hometown doctor or provider. I am a longtime supporter of using technology and telehealth to improve patients’ access to quality care. New Mexico is a State with many rural areas, as is my State of Mis-sissippi. For that reason, Mississippi 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.003 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6524 November 29, 2016 
and New Mexico have had to be leaders in innovative health care models for years, such as Project ECHO in New Mexico and the University of Mis-sissippi Medical Center in Jackson, MS. At UMMC we are national leaders in providing technology-enabled care re-motely. While ECHO emphasizes train-ing among professionals, the Univer-sity of Mississippi Medical Center has used remote technology for clinical care and patient monitoring. Since 2003, the medical center in Jackson has reached more than one- half million rural Mississippians through the use of telehealth. To date, the program includes more than 30 spe-cialties and can reach patients at more than 200 clinical sites. Like Senator H
ATCH , I have reached across the aisle to work with our friend from Hawaii, Senator S
CHATZ , to ex-pand an innovative model for the rest of the country. Specifically, I worked this year with Senator S
CHATZ on the CONNECT for Health Act, which has been endorsed by nearly 100 organiza-tions. Like CONNECT, the ECHO Act aims at taking a proven approach to technology-enabled care and bringing it to underserved populations across the country. The CONNECT for Health Act, which is S. 2484, would be a small but signifi-cant step toward payment parity for telehealth services under the Medicare Program. In addition to removing spe-cific barriers to telemedicine, the bill would allow for coverage of certain re-mote patient monitoring services for patients with multiple chronic dis-eases. Remote patient monitoring is a model the University of Mississippi Medical Center has used to expand ac-cess, improve quality, and reduce hos-pital admissions for some of our State’s most underserved populations. So I want to thank Senator S
CHATZ  for his leadership on CONNECT for Health and also ECHO, which again we will be voting on in just a few mo-ments. I extend my utmost apprecia-tion to Senator S
CHATZ and to Senator H
ATCH and the Committee on Finance for including policies inspired by our CONNECT for Health Act in the bipar-tisan chronic care outline. I am confident proposals to advance telehealth can improve access and cut costs, and I look forward to seeing CONNECT enacted also, but today I am pleased and thrilled we are taking an important step forward with the pas-sage of the ECHO Act. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. (The remarks of Mr. C
ARDIN per-taining to the submission of S. Con. Res. 56 are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. f 
ECHO BILL Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today, the Senate is voting on S. 2873, the ECHO Act. In April, Senator S
CHATZ  and I introduced this bill to highlight the impressive work of technology-en-abled collaborative learning and capac-ity-building models. One such model that has brought promising new ideas to our Nation’s healthcare delivery system is Project ECHO, which started in New Mexico and quickly expanded to Utah. Today, Project ECHO is thriving in more than 30 States. Our bill draws on the success of Project ECHO to improve health serv-ices on a national scale. Our proposal is not political; rather, it is the culmina-tion of a broad bipartisan effort to bring about meaningful healthcare re-form that will benefit families across the country in red States and blue States alike. Our legislation improves medical services for all Americans by providing healthcare professionals in rural and underserved communities with access to a network of peers and specialists who can teach specialty care. By con-necting doctors and nurses with teams of experts, patients can receive the care they need when they need it. Most importantly, patients will not have to travel long distances to receive treat-ments; they can stay close to home and receive treatment from doctors they know and trust. In today’s bustling healthcare envi-ronment, policymakers often forget that healthcare delivery works dif-ferently in urban and rural settings. To bridge the urban-rural divide, the ECHO Act brings expertise to providers serving rural populations by enabling them to gain the skills they need to care for people living in their commu-nities. Through this exchange, urban providers in return can learn how rural health is operationalized in real time. Ultimately, our proposal prioritizes rural health needs and reconciles dif-ferences in care delivery for diverse populations. Today, I am grateful that a majority of my colleagues have agreed to sup-port this forward-thinking, common-sense legislation. Like the 21st Century Cures bill, our proposal demonstrates our common commitment to improving health care for all patients. Telehealth is a topic of particular in-terest in my home State of Utah. Under the existing Project ECHO pro-grams, medical experts based at the University of Utah use videoconferencing to train healthcare professionals who are hundreds, some-times even thousands, of miles away. As we work to improve telehealth, models like those in the ECHO Act will enable telementorship and provider education to occur via avenues more tailored to health professionals’ needs. This customization is an essential step to achieving person-centered health care. As a body, we must be dedicated to improving health services for all Amer-icans, no matter where they live. Through this bill, we are making sig-nificant progress toward achieving that goal. Using groundbreaking new tech-nologies, the ECHO Act will enable us to take better care of our family mem-bers, neighbors, and friends. By putting communication front and center, Project ECHO will allow health profes-sionals to share innovations and new discoveries in an efficient, timely man-ner. Before turning the floor over to my esteemed colleague from Hawaii, whose collaboration on this proposal has proven invaluable, I first wish to share how our legislation came to be. Several months ago, doctors at the University of Utah—including Dr. Terry Box and Dr. Vivian Lee, as well as some of the most renowned disease experts in the country—reached out to me to dem-onstrate how Project ECHO was bene-fiting families across Utah and the Intermountain Region. Their innova-tive approach to telehealth piqued my interest. As it turns out, Senator S
CHATZ had a very similar experience with his own constituents. After dis-cussing our shared experiences, we joined forces to draft a bill that would allow Americans in rural counties ac-cess across the country to reap the benefits of telehealth. The founder of Project ECHO, Dr. Sanjeev Arora, was an instrumental partner throughout this process. He worked with us to share ideas from ECHO hubs across the country, allow-ing us to incorporate a broad array of viewpoints. With his help, we were able to hear from countless stakeholders and medical professionals who under-stood the potential of our legislation. We also worked alongside the leader-ship of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. With the as-sistance of Senators A
LEXANDER and M
URRAY , as well as the majority and minority leaders, we were able to shep-herd this legislation through the com-mittee process and bring it to the Sen-ate floor. This bill was born fresh, from a bot-tom-up approach, which enabled us to solicit ideas and opinions from numer-ous healthcare professionals across the country. Thanks to their input and the support of Members on both sides of the aisle, we are poised to pass legisla-tion that will dramatically improve the quality of our Nation’s health care. I wish to thank all those who assisted in this bipartisan effort. Today is a vic-tory for everyone involved. I appreciate the efforts of Senator S
CHATZ . I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I thank the President pro tempore, the Senator from Utah, Mr. H
ATCH , for his leader-ship on this and many other issues. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.004 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6525 November 29, 2016 
Healthcare policy can be a particu-larly vexing area for those of us who like to get things done because over the last 8 years we have mostly just been at each other’s throats, arguing about the Affordable Care Act. But we are here to talk about a bright spot— something we are not arguing about— which can reduce costs and improve outcomes. Telehealth is the future of health care. It harnesses technology to provide patients with high-quality care, whenever and wherever they need it. That is why we need to update Medi-care to take advantage of these new technologies in telemedicine and re-mote patient monitoring. That is why I and 18 other Senators from both par-ties have introduced and cosponsored the CONNECT for Health Act. I thank Senator H
ATCH for his sup-port in including provisions from our bill in the Senate Finance Committee’s chronic care package. Telehealth will improve the delivery of care to patients, but it will also sup-port providers by giving doctors and nurses the tools to work with and learn from each other. Simply put, a lot of medical education is financially or geo-graphically out of reach for providers on the frontlines, but we can fix that using technology. It is called Project ECHO, and that is what we are about to vote on. Based at the University of New Mexico and with the strong sup-port of Senators H
EINRICH and U DALL , Project ECHO has already had a posi-tive impact across the Nation on pa-tients, providers, and communities. How does it work? Imagine a VTC— video teleconference—with 15 people on the screen. Participants assemble on-line 2 hours every week for 6 weeks to learn about a selected disease condi-tion—for example, depression. The leader of the VTC is a specialist physi-cian from an academic medical center with a team which would include, for example, a psychologist, a pharmacist, and a social worker. Throughout the 6 weeks, the session time is divided be-tween lessons, case presentations, and discussions. Providers from across the country can learn the latest best prac-tices and develop a network of col-leagues to share information and help with the hard questions. This is a game changer. This is the kind of ongoing training for folks in rural areas that has not been available until now. Project ECHO has already been used for infectious disease outbreaks and public health emergencies, such as H1N1 and Zika; chronic diseases, such as hepatitis C and diabetes; and mental health conditions, such as anxiety and schizophrenia. The results are impressive. Patients in rural or underserved areas now have more access to better trained doctors in their own communities, which de-creases costs and improves outcomes. Providers feel less isolated and more connected to a network of high-quality providers across their State. As a re-sult, they are more likely to stay in underserved areas where they are need-ed the most. The health system runs more efficiently and effectively. Pro-viders have the training to see and treat more patients. We still have many questions about this model, which is new, but among them: What are the best successors? What are the barriers to adoption? For which conditions is it best suited? The ECHO Act, as amended, will direct HHS to study this model and give us the an-swers we need to make decisions at the Federal level about how to best support expanding it nationally. One final note of thanks. It is not a coincidence that several of the success-ful health care-related efforts this year have been a result of collaboration with and leadership of Senator HATCH . His bipartisan spirit, his pragmatism, and his understanding of the legislative process make working with him and his staff a true pleasure. I encourage my colleagues to con-tinue to join us in supporting this revo-lutionary health care model. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXPANDING CAPACITY FOR HEALTH OUTCOMES ACT The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions is discharged from and the Senate will proceed to the consideration of S. 2873, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2873) to require studies and re-ports examining the use of, and opportuni-ties to use, technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to im-prove programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will be 30 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the time be equally divided between both sides dur-ing the quorum call. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHATZ. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5110 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 5110 and ask unani-mous consent that it be reported by number. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amendment by number. The legislative clerk read as follows: The Senator from Montana [Mr. D AINES ], for Mr. A
LEXANDER , proposes an amendment numbered 5110. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Expanding Capacity for Health Outcomes Act’’ or the ‘‘ECHO Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) H
EALTH PROFESSIONAL SHORTAGE AREA .— The term ‘‘health professional shortage area’’ means a health professional shortage area designated under section 332 of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254e). (2) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (3) M
EDICALLY UNDERSERVED AREA .—The term ‘‘medically underserved area’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘medically under-served community’’ in section 799B of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 295p). (4) M
EDICALLY UNDERSERVED POPULATION .— The term ‘‘medically underserved popu-lation’’ has the meaning given the term in section 330(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b(b)). (5) N
ATIVE AMERICANS .—The term ‘‘Native Americans’’ has the meaning given the term in section 736 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 293) and includes Indian tribes and tribal organizations. (6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (7) T
ECHNOLOGY -ENABLED COLLABORATIVE  
LEARNING AND CAPACITY BUILDING MODEL .— The term ‘‘technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building model’’ means a distance health education model that connects specialists with multiple other health care professionals through simulta-neous interactive videoconferencing for the purpose of facilitating case-based learning, disseminating best practices, and evaluating outcomes. (8) T
RIBAL ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘trib-al organization’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). 
SEC. 3. EXAMINATION AND REPORT ON TECH-NOLOGY-ENABLED COLLABORATIVE LEARNING AND CAPACITY BUILDING MODELS. 
(a) E XAMINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall exam-ine technology-enabled collaborative learn-ing and capacity building models and their impact on— (A) addressing mental and substance use disorders, chronic diseases and conditions, prenatal and maternal health, pediatric care, pain management, and palliative care; (B) addressing health care workforce issues, such as specialty care shortages and primary care workforce recruitment, reten-tion, and support for lifelong learning; (C) the implementation of public health programs, including those related to disease prevention, infectious disease outbreaks, and public health surveillance; (D) the delivery of health care services in rural areas, frontier areas, health profes-sional shortage areas, and medically under-served areas, and to medically underserved populations and Native Americans; and (E) addressing other issues the Secretary determines appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.020 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6526 November 29, 2016 
(2) C ONSULTATION .—In the examination re-quired under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consult public and private stakeholders with expertise in using technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models in health care settings. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives, and post on the appropriate website of the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, a report based on the examination under subsection (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include findings from the examination under subsection (a) and each of the following: (A) An analysis of— (i) the use and integration of technology- enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models by health care providers; (ii) the impact of such models on health care provider retention, including in health professional shortage areas in the States and communities in which such models have been adopted; (iii) the impact of such models on the qual-ity of, and access to, care for patients in the States and communities in which such mod-els have been adopted; (iv) the barriers faced by health care pro-viders, States, and communities in adopting such models; (v) the impact of such models on the abil-ity of local health care providers and special-ists to practice to the full extent of their education, training, and licensure, including the effects on patient wait times for spe-cialty care; and (vi) efficient and effective practices used by States and communities that have adopt-ed such models, including potential cost-ef-fectiveness of such models. (B) A list of such models that have been funded by the Secretary in the 5 years imme-diately preceding such report, including the Federal programs that have provided funding for such models. (C) Recommendations to reduce barriers for using and integrating such models, and opportunities to improve adoption of, and support for, such models as appropriate. (D) Opportunities for increased adoption of such models into programs of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services that are in existence as of the report. (E) Recommendations regarding the role of such models in continuing medical education and lifelong learning, including the role of academic medical centers, provider organiza-tions, and community providers in such edu-cation and lifelong learning. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, amendment No. 5110 is agreed to. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, Mon-tanans have always been on the cutting edge of frontier medicine, using inge-nuity to overcome the challenges in frontier and rural America to make sure we have access to high-quality health care. In fact, going back to the time my great-great-grandmother homesteaded near Conrad, MT, our health care providers have worked and continue to work to increase access de-spite geography, weather, limited re-sources, and government regulation. Rural Montanans are often hours away from a hospital and even farther away from any kind of trauma center. Our local providers are the first-line responders. They tackle everything from the common cold to emergency situations. It is their actions that can make the difference between life and death. Rural providers give Montanans access to preventive and behavioral health services. They help ward off chronic illness with early detection and provide care and support through cancer and other debilitating diseases. They deserve our respect and the re-sources that will help them better serve Montanans. That is why I am honored to join my colleagues in sup-porting the ECHO Act and making sure it is passed and signed into law. I am thankful for the leadership of the sen-ior Senator from Utah, Senator HATCH , who has been out front leading in this effort. Geographic location should not dic-tate the quality of care. This bill will promote opportunities to improve ac-cess to high-quality care in rural com-munities, such as access to specialists and support and training for rural health care providers. In fact, this year the Billings Clinic launched the Mon-tana-based Project ECHO hub in an ef-fort to address a lack of access to men-tal health and substance abuse re-sources. The hub connects rural pro-viders with a team of specialists to col-laborate, share case studies, and offer support. The hub is built to be flexible, allowing teleclinics on any topic or any disease. It also allows Montana’s pro-viders to collaborate with specialists at academic centers, such as the Univer-sity of Washington and the University of New Mexico. Because of the success of this first hub, the Billings Clinic will launch two more teleclinics next year to help primary care sites across Mon-tana integrate behavioral health serv-ices in their practices. The ECHO Act will promote these programs throughout the country and increase access for all Americans. I am thankful to see strong bipartisan sup-port on the passage of this bill as we work together to improve rural health care. I thank the Presiding Officer. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent all time be yielded back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, all time is yielded back. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. CORKER ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’ and the Sen-ator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 97, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 154 Leg.] Yeas—97 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Corker Gardner Sanders 
The bill (S. 2873), as amended, was passed. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL ADOPTION MONTH Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I wish to spend a few moments talking about Na-tional Adoption Month. I thank the Senator from Maryland and my colleagues for letting me talk for a few minutes about an issue that I think every single Member of the Sen-ate cares about. The month of Novem-ber is National Adoption Month. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.001 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6527 November 29, 2016 
gives us the opportunity to recognize the recent celebration of National Adoption Day, which was November 19. As cochair of the Congressional Coa-lition on Adoption Institute, I have had the opportunity to work with so many of our Members and understand the broad bipartisan support for what we need to do to be looking at and more dedicated to adoption and to child wel-fare issues. Last year, Senator K
LOBUCHAR and I came to this new role as the Senate’s cochairmen of this caucus. I am pleased to be working with her on a resolution that would support National Adoption Month and National Adop-tion Day again this year. We also have the good fortune to work with Members of the House. The idea that every child deserves to grow up in a loving, safe family is something I think we can all agree on. We have a lot of agreement, while we have been working with Members of the Congress, on adoption issues over the last year. Just last week, Senator K
LOBUCHAR , Congressman T RENT  F
RANKS , Congresswoman B RENDA LAW-
RENCE , and others, along with me, fi-nalized a comment letter to the U.S. Department of State expressing con-cern over new international adoption regulations. We have specifically highlighted the negative impact some of the Depart-ment’s proposed changes could have on the adoption process. Lately, the adoption process seems to have become more complicated inter-nationally, and we need to make it less complicated. We worked—many Members, includ-ing the Members I just mentioned— very hard on behalf of families who have currently been trying to resolve pending adoption cases from a number of countries, most recently finalizing adoptions out of the Democratic Re-public of Congo, Nepal, Uganda, Guate-mala, and other countries as well. In June Senator K
LOBUCHAR and I in-troduced the Vulnerable Children and Families Act, which would help more children living without families or in institutional care to find permanent homes by enhancing our U.S. diplo-matic efforts rather than making those efforts more difficult. We need to en-hance what we do as a country. We need to enhance what we do through the State Department to where we are more focused on international child welfare, ensuring that intercountry adoption to the United States becomes a more viable and more fully developed option. I am also continuing to support legis-lation to ensure that American fami-lies have the resources and support they need so that adoption domesti-cally works. Specifically, there is the Adoption Tax Credit Refundability Act and the Supporting Adoptive Families Act. Before I conclude, I want to make a few comments to highlight three sto-ries of foster children in Missouri who are currently waiting to get the family they would hope to have forever. Ac-cording to the Missouri Heart Gallery, more than 1,200 Missouri children are in need of permanent homes. One of those children is Jason, age 15, who is an expressive young guy and, in his own words, ‘‘likes to play soccer when it is not too hot.’’ He also likes art and music. He feels like he is creative. He is looking for a supportive family to call his own, one who will also help him stay in contact with his brothers and sisters. Michelle, who is 9 years old, loves to dance and hopes to have her own pets in the future. However, she will tell you she would really rather have a dog than a cat. But what she would really like to find is a family—a family where she could have sisters, a family who would allow her to stay in touch with her biological sister as well. Lastly, Terrance, age 13, and Terion, age 10, are brothers with a special bond. When you first meet Terrance, he appears shy, but after getting to know him, he really has an incredible sense of humor. He enjoys listening to music, sports, and playing outside. Terion has a smile that just goes on and on. He is very active. He has been on a Little League Baseball team, and he loves to bowl. The brothers are strongly com-mitted to each other. They have a strong bond to each other, beyond just the normal bond of brothers. They want to find a home where they can stay forever and stay together. Last year, I shared the stories of these two siblings on the Senate Floor. They are still looking for a family to call their own. Like so many children across the United States, Jason, Michelle, Terrance, and Terion are in need of a permanent, safe, loving home as a launching pad for their lives. I am an adoptive parent. I am always encouraged to see families giving chil-dren the most important gift one can give somebody else, and that is a fam-ily. I urge my colleagues to join Sen-ator K
LOBUCHAR and me in marking November as National Adoption Month by passing this resolution. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. 
f 
CONTINUING RESOLUTION Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I come to the floor as the vice chair of the Committee on Appropriations. That means I am the Democratic lead-er on appropriations for this session of Congress, and next to me is the distin-guished Senator from Vermont, Mr. L
EAHY , who will have that responsi-bility next year. I come to the floor to say that, sadly, I am concerned we will not finish our job on appropriations the way we should finish it—to do an omnibus, to get the job done. Alas, the clock is slip-ping away. Now, one needs to note that the Com-mittee on Appropriations, during the past year, under the leadership of Sen-ator COCHRAN of Mississippi, worked constructively, worked in a well-paced, well-sequenced way, and we were poised to finish our work, with the Committee on Appropriations report-ing all 12 bills for floor consideration 5 months ago. So we were ready 5 months ago to bring them up either as individual bills or in a series of minibuses. But instead of finishing Congress’s work to fund the govern-ment, we are now contemplating put-ting the government on autopilot by something called a continuing resolu-tion—a short-term continuing resolu-tion that would only last for maybe 3 months. I am very frustrated about this. It did not have to be this way. As I said, we have worked very constructively on both sides of the aisle and have been cooperating to do our job. We at-tempted to write bills that meet the needs of the American people—bills re-lated to national security and eco-nomic growth and that meet compel-ling human needs. For those Republicans who are ob-structionists, they really have been setting us back. For those on both sides of the aisle who want to save money, they are actually going to cost us more money by delaying. So where are we? There is only one bill—the VA-Military Construction bill, which is signed into law. There are 11 other bills left. Funding for every mission—let’s start with the Department of Defense. Our troops are fighting overseas, and we need to support them. There is Fed-eral law enforcement, foreign policy and embassy security, infrastructure, education—from child care to college affordability. So instead of making choices about what to fund, what to cut, we leave these missions on auto-pilot, spending the same amount as last year on the same items with the same policies. No business operates this way. No family operates this way. It is irresponsible to spend $1 trillion this way with no thought, delaying im-portant investments, and thus result-ing in increasing cost to the taxpayers. Let me talk about why this really can give you heartburn. Last week, De-partment of Defense Comptroller Mike McCord warned that a stopgap CR delays ships and weapons our troops need. Hello. Did you hear that? It actu-ally delays the construction of ships and the purchase of weapons our troops need. Without a special provision in the CR, DOD would have to delay planned replacement for their Ohio- class submarines, disrupting contract awards and ultimately delaying pro-duction for the length of the CR. These new subs are necessary. They are the backbone of our nuclear deter-rent—our nuclear deterrent. The cur-rent ships’ nuclear reactors reach the end of their useful lives in the mid- 2020s. So this isn’t some new whiz-bang thing that might be untried. So with-out special provisions, other things will be delayed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.010 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6528 November 29, 2016 
What are we trying to do here? We are concerned that people in this coun-try are now facing death from heroin and opioid overdoses. Every Governor in the United States of America has cried out to the Federal Government for help on heroin and opioid overdoses. We have heard on both sides of the aisle advocacy for a comprehensive ap-proach. The problem affects every part of the country—urban and rural—and every socioeconomic category. Now, our appropriations bill is ready with new spending in law enforcement, prevention, treatment, and education. But in the continuing resolution, we won’t get these investments, and more families will suffer. Every leading au-thority on treatment says when you need it and you are ready to ask for it, you need to get it on the same day. Just as clinicians have to act with ur-gency, so do we. What else won’t a CR help? It won’t help college affordability with full-year Pell grants. It won’t bolster security funds for the FBI, for the Border Pa-trol, for embassy security. Remember Benghazi? Whoa, when people loved to investigate rather than legislate, Benghazi was in the news. That was at the same time the Con-gress had cut—particularly, the House had cut—embassy security consider-ably. But in this bill, working with both sides of the aisle, we were able to come up with the appropriate money for embassy security, border control, and so on. We also won’t have the funds for in-frastructure funding, particularly for roads, to improve our ports, and to make our railroads safer. We won’t meet the needs of chil-dren—children who are on the march, children who are in desperate need of help in Central America. I know the other thing we have sup-ported on both sides of the aisle is an innovation agenda, particularly in the area of the medical research of the Na-tional Institutes of Health. Hopefully, we are going to be debating the Cures Act, yet right now we have the ability to act with the funding for the Na-tional Institutes of Health research and also the great work done at the De-partment of Defense in research. All year long I have come to the floor and talked about how appropriations can be used to solve problems, whether it was children exposed to lead in drinking water—the compelling story of Flint, MI. We need to really mod-ernize our water supply. In my own hometown of Baltimore, infrastructure funding could be fantastic. If we re-placed the Baltimore water system that was built over 100 years ago, we would improve public health, we would create jobs in Maryland, in Baltimore, and we would leave our communities in a better, safer place by getting the lead out. We need to get the lead out of our water supply, and we need to get the lead out of Congress. We want to solve problems, create jobs, and protect America. A CR is not the best way to do it. But if we are going to do a CR, it should be for the shortest time possible. So let me be clear. Senate Democrats are willing to work across the aisle and across the dome. It is our Republican colleagues who need to think about this long and hard. I really urge that you not spend another half year spin-ning your wheels and not serving the American people, addressing security needs and compelling human needs. As I get ready to finish my time in being the ranking member on the Com-mittee on Appropriations, I would like to finish it by working constructively, collegially, and in the best interests of the United States of America to get a real bill across the finish line for the longest time possible. That will pro-vide certainty to Federal agencies that are protecting America and protecting our border while we try to protect American jobs. There is much ahead and that will lie ahead in the new term and with a new administration. We can act with cer-tainty now for at least the funding for next year if we acted, and we acted with a long-term CR. I could elaborate on more, but, please, let’s do our job. Let’s work to-gether. There are still a few days where we could get this done the right way. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to conclude my re-marks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SENATE ACCOMPLISHMENTS AND PRIORITIES FOR THE 115TH CON-GRESS Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, 2 years ago the American people entrusted Re-publicans with the Senate majority. At that time, things were in a bad way here in the Senate. Under Democratic control, the legislative process almost ground to a halt. Important bills weren’t getting passed, and those that did get passed were frequently drafted behind closed doors, with Republicans and many rank-and-file Democrats shut out of the process, which, of course, means that the American peo-ple’s voices were frequently shut out of the process. When Republicans took control, we knew that getting the Senate working again had to be our first priority, and that is what we did. We opened up de-bate so Senators from both parties could make their voices heard. We started drafting legislation in com-mittee again so that bills were the re-sult of discussion and compromise in-stead of being dictated by Democratic Party leaders. And we got the Senate passing real, substantial legislation again—a balanced budget, appropria-tions bills, the first major Energy bill since the Bush administration, and the first significant education reform since 2002. I am particularly proud of two bills that the committee I chair, the Com-merce Committee, worked on—a Fed-eral Aviation Administration bill with major airport security provisions and the first long-term Transportation bill since 2005. The terrorist attacks in Brussels and Istanbul that occurred this year broad-cast airport security challenges—par-ticularly the soft target offered by large crowds in unsecured airport areas. Those were problems we had been working on in the Commerce Committee for months before the at-tacks, and in July we passed an FAA bill that addresses them and more. The bill we passed requires the TSA to look at ways to improve security check-points to make the passenger screening process more efficient and effective, and it significantly increases the secu-rity presence in unsecured areas in air-ports. It also improves vetting of air-port employees to address the insider terrorist threat—the risk that an air-port employee would give a terrorist access to secure areas. The Senate passed this bill in July, and the Presi-dent signed it into law a couple days later. I am proud of this law, which is the kind of substantial legislation we should be passing for the American people. I am also proud of the Transpor-tation bill we passed, part of which came out of our committee. When Con-gress fails to provide certainty about the way transportation funding will be allocated, States and local govern-ments are left without the certainty they need to authorize projects or to make long-term plans, important in-vestments in infrastructure that sup-port the economy are shelved, and jobs that depend upon transportation are put in jeopardy. The Transportation bill we passed changes all that. It reau-thorizes transportation programs for the long term and provides 5 years of guaranteed funding. That means States and local governments will have the certainty they need to invest in big transportation projects and the jobs they create, and that, in turn, means a stronger economy and a more reliable, safe, and effective transportation sys-tem. I am proud of what we were able to accomplish over the past 2 years, but there is a lot left to be done. Some of the most important measures we passed in the 114th Congress went no-where, thanks to opposition from the Democrats and the White House—an ObamaCare repeal; legislation to over-turn some of the Obama administra-tion’s most burdensome regulations; legislation to address the dangerous problem of so-called sanctuary cities, which refuse to work with Federal im-migration officials to deport illegal im-migrants convicted of crimes. I am hopeful that with a Republican Presi-dent, we will be able to address these issues and many more in the 115th Con-gress. Republicans have big plans for the 115th. If there is one thing this election 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.012 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6529 November 29, 2016 
made clear, it is that the Obama econ-omy is not working for American fami-lies. Republicans are committed to fix-ing that. Growing our economy is going to be our No. 1 priority next Congress. There are a number of things we can do to get our economy healthy again. We can re-form our Tax Code to reduce the bur-den on American families and busi-nesses. Right now, our Nation has the highest corporate tax rate in the devel-oped world. More and more, American companies are focusing their business operations overseas because the tax situation is so much better abroad. That means American jobs are going overseas with them. We have lost our competitive edge in an increasingly global economy. Instead of pushing corporations out of this country, we should bring our Nation’s corporate tax rate in line with those of other coun-tries to keep more jobs here in the United States. Another big thing we can do is repeal some of the burdensome government regulations that are weighing down businesses. While some government regulations are necessary, every ad-ministration has to remember that reg-ulations have consequences. The more resources individuals and businesses spend complying with unnecessary gov-ernment regulations, the less they have to focus on the growth and inno-vation that drive our economy and cre-ate new opportunities for workers. The overregulation of the last 8 years has left businesses with few resources to dedicate to growing and creating jobs. Another thing we need to do is ad-dress our national debt, which has nearly doubled over the past 8 years. All that debt is a drag on the economy. It slows growth and reduces economic opportunity. It is time to get our gov-ernment back on a budget. Another way we can help lift the bur-den on American families is by repeal-ing and replacing ObamaCare. I don’t need to tell anyone that the Presi-dent’s health care law is broken. The promise of lower premiums and afford-able health care has given way to the reality of giant premium increases and massive deductibles. A Gallup poll re-leased yesterday found that 80 percent of Americans want major changes to ObamaCare or want the law repealed and replaced completely. It is time to give the American people health care reform that actually works. Another priority for the 115th Con-gress will be national security. Ameri-cans are rightly worried about the threat posed by terrorist groups like ISIS, which has spread violence and devastation not only in the Middle East but across Europe and beyond. Re-publicans are committed to defeating ISIS abroad and to keeping Americans safe here at home. We are also committed to keeping Americans safe by securing our bor-ders. We must have secure borders and policies that encourage legal immigra-tion while discouraging illegal immi-gration. There are other priorities we need to address: confirming a Supreme Court nominee who will judge based on the law and the Constitution; protecting religious liberty; and the list goes on. Republicans are aware of the trust the American people have placed in us, and we are committed to earning it. We are going to spend the 115th Congress fighting for the American people’s pri-orities. We have a real chance to get things done in the next Congress, and I look forward to working with my col-leagues here in the Senate on both sides of the aisle to address the chal-lenges that are facing our Nation. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to continue in morning business for 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEAHY. I thank the distin-guished Presiding Officer. 
f 
CONTINUING RESOLUTION Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, for the past 2 years, the Republican Party has enjoyed solid majorities in both the House and Senate. They control the schedule and they control the process. They can decide which legislation to call up for debate, and frankly, for all intents and purposes, they can decide whether anything gets done around here. A good example is the nomination of Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court. If he had been treated like all other Su-preme Court nominees throughout the entire history of this country in a Presidential election year, he would have received a hearing and a vote, and he almost certainly would have been easily confirmed, just as he was when he was nominated to the DC Court of Appeals. Instead, the Republican lead-ership did not even give Judge Garland a hearing, much less a vote. Republican Senators refused to do their job. And there are countless examples of this. It would behoove people in this coun-try who complain about the ‘‘do noth-ing’’ Congress to remind themselves that Congress is controlled by Repub-licans in both the House and the Sen-ate. They can make it possible for work to get done if they want to, or they can make it impossible. Their track record for the past 2 years speaks for itself. Instead of a Congress that sets the standard for the world’s de-mocracies, we have been treated to a lesson of how not to get things done. The latest example is the fiscal 2017 appropriations bills. I went back and reviewed the record. For months, the Republican leadership extolled the vir-tues of regular order, and I totally agreed with them on that. They spoke with great optimism and confidence about passing appropriations bills—in-dividual bills, not even an omnibus bill that has become the norm. I agreed with the Republican leadership. They said over and over that they were going to do their job this year and pass these bills, the way we used to. We on the Democratic side fully supported Repub-licans in that goal. We negotiated 12 individual appropriations bills that were reported, with 1 exception, with bipartisan majorities—in most cases, overwhelming majorities—by the Sen-ate Appropriations Committee. That was 5 months ago. Senator LINDSEY GRAHAM and I wrote the fiscal year 2017 State and foreign operations bill. As we always do, we wrote a balanced bill, and it was re-ported unanimously by the Appropria-tions Committee by a vote of 30 to 0. Our staffs have been meeting for weeks with their House counterparts to ham-mer out a conference agreement that the House and Senate can vote on and the President can sign. We could easily be finished by December 9, when the current funding resolution expires. So what is the problem? It is simple. Donald Trump was elected President, and now the Republican leadership has a different idea. Forget all those uplift-ing speeches about passing appropria-tions bills. Forget about so-called reg-ular order. Forget about doing our jobs. What is their new plan? Throw 10 months of work into the trash can. Now we will punt the ball down the field for another 4 months. After that, who knows? Maybe we will do it again and have a continuing resolution for the rest of the year. There is no way to predict. For Members of Congress who may not be familiar with the intricate oper-ations of Federal agencies and would prefer not to think about it, the idea of another 4-month continuing resolution may not be a big deal. For those of us on both sides of the aisle who do know, it is an example of government at its worst. Funding the government by con-tinuing resolution means putting prior-ities and budgeting decisions on auto-pilot. It stops us having any kind of a voice in what our government does. It negates the hard work that has gone into reevaluating priorities from one year to the next. It negates the careful process of looking at Federal agencies account by account to make adjust-ments as warranted. It means largely making a carbon copy of an earlier ap-propriations bill or bills regardless of changed circumstances or compelling need to modify earlier priorities. I can give all kinds of examples in the appropriations bills. Here are a few examples of what it means for the State and foreign operations bill, which comprises only 1 percent of the Federal budget. A continuing resolution will provide $433 million less than Senator G
RA-
HAM’s and my bill for economic devel-opment, governance, and security pro-grams, such as the Power Africa Initia-tive. It will mean $59 million less for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.013 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6530 November 29, 2016 
programs to counter violent extre-mism. These programs have strong bi-partisan support—and did in the Appro-priations Committee—because they are the building blocks for stability where we have critical national security in-terests that affect all Americans. A continuing resolution will provide $162 million less than our bill for global health, including for maternal and child health programs, such as vaccines for children, and to combat malaria and tuberculosis. These programs lit-erally mean life or death for millions of people, which is why they have bi-partisan support—or at least they did before the Republican leadership scrapped the appropriations bills that we passed with overwhelming bipar-tisan support. In fact, one of the things a con-tinuing resolution will do is provide $454 million less than Senator G
RA-
HAM’s and my bill for security for U.S. diplomatic and consular personnel, for security upgrades to U.S. Embassies and facilities overseas, and for cyber security programs. I mention that because the Repub-licans in the other body spent tens of millions of dollars of taxpayers’ money decrying the lack of security at our embassies, even after they had already voted to cut money for embassy secu-rity, and now they are going to cut an-other $454 million. Will they stop using their talking points about how we should spend more to protect our dip-lomats posted overseas? Of course not, because they hope the American people will not pay attention to the fact that they have cut another half billion dol-lars. When the Republican leadership blames others for not doing enough on security for our embassies and dip-lomats, as they have a habit of doing, they need to only look at themselves in the mirror. At the same time, the continuing res-olution provides $538 million more for U.S. contributions to international fi-nancial institutions, than the amount Senator G
RAHAM and I put in our bill. That is because the 2016 omnibus pro-vided $220 million for the Strategic Cli-mate and Clean Technology Funds, which is not needed in fiscal year 2017 because the United States will not be contributing to either of those funds in fiscal year 2017. The balance of $318 million is not needed because U.S. contributions to several international financial institu-tions are lower in fiscal year 2017 than in fiscal year 2016. It boggles the mind. They cut money for the security of our diplomats and embassies, but then they spend half a billion dollars for con-tributions we don’t need to make. In fact, the continuing resolution provides $161 million more than Sen-ator G
RAHAM ’s and my bill for con-tributions to international organiza-tions. We don’t need to pay that addi-tional amount because of reductions in assessments in exchange rate costs. It would be nice if, instead of wasting this money on things we don’t need, we used it to protect our embassies. The continuing resolution will pro-vide $90 million more than our bill for assessed contributions to international peacekeeping. Again, we don’t need to pay that additional amount because of reductions in several peacekeeping missions. These are just examples for State and foreign operations. Every appropria-tions bill has its own laundry list of reasons why a continuing resolution makes no sense. It wastes taxpayer dol-lars and wreaks havoc for the agencies that run the government. Continuing resolutions beyond a few months are illogical, wasteful, and harmful. We end up spending less for things both Republicans and Demo-crats strongly support, and we waste money on things we don’t need and no-body wants. It is bad government 101. It is what the Republican leadership 10 months ago said they wanted to avoid, and we all agreed with them. But that was then and this is now. Now it’s for-get what we said before. We have changed our mind. Let’s just put the government on autopilot and waste the money. I heard Senator MCCAIN, the chair-man of the Armed Services Committee, denouncing his colleagues for aban-doning the regular appropriations proc-ess. He knows the problems it will cre-ate for the U.S. military. Senator M
IKULSKI , the vice chair-woman of the Appropriations Com-mittee, has called it ‘‘absolutely out-rageous.’’ She called it ‘‘procrasti-nating’’ instead of ‘‘legislating.’’ I agree with her. Another 4-month continuing resolu-tion is completely unnecessary, not to mention outrageous, wasteful, and irre-sponsible. It can still be avoided. Speaking for State and foreign oper-ations, we can complete our conference agreement in less than 1 week. We are perfectly willing to work into the eve-nings to do that. I suspect the other subcommittees could do the same or close to it. Certainly, we could finish these bills before Christmas. So why don’t we? That is what the Republican leadership said they want-ed. That is what regular order is. That is how the Congress is supposed to work. We should do it. We ought to show the American people, for once, that we will actually do the job we were elected to do. That is what this Vermonter wants. I would hope others would also. I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:51 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, are we in a parliamentary procedure to pro-ceed with commentary on the Senate floor? The PRESIDING OFFICER. We are in morning business, with 10-minute grants. Mr. NELSON. May I be recognized? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida is recognized. f 
NIH FUNDING Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I want to talk about something we all hear about and generally support—that the National Institutes of Health needs help. It was founded in 1887. Its work and investments in the work of others have led to countless discoveries, in-cluding in Alzheimer’s disease, cancer, and so many other chronic illnesses. I visited this 300-acre campus in Be-thesda, and it is jam-packed with buildings that are teeming with sci-entists and physicians. Yet that is just the tip of the iceberg because research is being conducted all over the coun-try—indeed, all over the world—by the medical research grants that are given by NIH. This funded research has led to many discoveries and treatments that not only are allowing us to live healthier lives but also contribute to our knowledge and understanding of how diseases and the human body work. Take, for example, the BRAIN Initiative. NIH seeks to unravel the mysteries of the vastly complex human brain, which could allow us to under-stand an array of conditions affecting the brain. When I visited yesterday, I met with Dr. Francis Collins, the head of NIH, and a plethora of his brilliant sci-entists who are working on neurodegenerative diseases—diseases such as concussions, ALS, Parkinson’s, and all the many complicated things that come from this complicated organ called the brain. Well, they are on the verge of some real breakthroughs, but that comes at a cost. Dr. Collins stressed the need for consistent, robust funding for NIH. In 2003, funding for NIH peaked and has since failed to keep up with infla-tion. In 2009 we came along with a stimulus bill that increased funding for NIH for only 2 years by approximately $4 or $5 billion a year over its base funding of $24 to $25 billion a year. I will never forget when Dr. Collins told us—after the effect of that second year of the stimulus bill—that he had to cease 700 medical research grants sent out to the medical schools and re-search institutions all across the coun-try because he simply did not have the money they had planned for, and thus there is the call for consistent and ro-bust funding. Dr. Collins mentioned that the agency’s biggest concern was a loss of young researchers. As the next generation of researchers are increas-ingly facing being denied research grants, they are leaving the research field. I don’t think that is what this Nation wants. We need to ensure that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.014 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6531 November 29, 2016 
NIH maintains a strong pipeline of re-searchers so that the critical work to-ward scientific discovery can continue. This is not a partisan issue. Health and disease research is a bipartisan issue, and so we need to come together to support this consistent and robust funding. Even now, NIH is engaged in developing a prevention tool against the disease that was the dominant con-versation last summer—the Zika virus. They are going into their first trials on a vaccine. Zika has affected more than 1,000 people in my State of Florida alone and more than 30,000 people in Puerto Rico. We need a vaccine, but the process of FDA trials takes time. Now, just to prove that it is not con-fined to Puerto Rico and Florida, just yesterday the State of Texas reported the first case of locally transmitted Zika virus, which now makes it the second State to officially have local transmission after the State of Florida. The head of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Dr. Frieden, said that Zika could become endemic within our U.S. border, making it more important now than ever to have the Zika vaccine. That is just one other lit-tle example of what has been going on at NIH. We are just about to consider a Cures bill, which has some more robust fund-ing. The whole impetus for the Cures bill was NIH funding. A lot of other things had been attached. There is some controversy, but it would begin to authorize funding that would be sta-ble over a 10-year period. If the United States is going to continue to be looked at as the leader of medical re-search around the world, we are going to have to provide for the funds for this great institution. We have already seen major breakthroughs in our lifetime, and this funding will help us to see some new incredible breakthroughs ac-complished. You have heard of the Moonshot for cancer research. Look at the existing victories that have already been had in cancer research. We are now just on the cusp. What about dis-eases where we don’t have a cure, such as ALS, or amyotrophic lateral scle-rosis? A big reason for my making this speech is for my friend Evan in Jack-sonville. He is afflicted with this dis-ease that affects the body’s motor nerves. There is something that hap-pens in the brain that does not send the signals all the way through the neuro-logical system to the motor nerves. We first identified that in a famous base-ball player, Lou Gehrig. There are 20,000 to 30,000 people in the country af-flicted with this disease. We still don’t know the reason for it nor have a cure, but yesterday I talked to three dif-ferent physician scientists who have very promising leads for identifying a gene that has a direct connection to what happens in the brain when some-one has ALS. They are trying to deter-mine whether we could go in and clip out that gene so that our progeny would not have this concern. We have seen what has happened in Alzheimer’s. Did you see the 60 Min-utes segment last Sunday in which there is this incredible space in Colom-bia, near Medellin, within a 100-mile di-ameter, where so many families get the onset of Alzheimer’s during their for-ties, which is quite unusual. They have now identified a protein in the brain where, if you now know the gene that causes that protein, you could go ahead and alert people of the disease, and even though the effects of Alzheimer’s has not come on, that person could start a therapy that would work against that protein in the brain. They are right on the cusp of these kinds of exciting discoveries that can help us to live healthier, longer lives. I implore my colleagues in the Sen-ate not to short-sheet the NIH and the funding that it so desperately needs. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. 
f 
ELECTORAL COLLEGE Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss legislation I intro-duced to eliminate the Electoral Col-lege and ensure that the candidate who wins the most votes will be elected President. Clearly, this has nothing to do with this past election. There are recounts going on, and we will see where that goes, but the bottom line is that this looks to the future. The Presidency is the only office in America where the candidate who wins the most votes can still lose the elec-tion. There isn’t any elected office in the Nation, be it county, city, State, or national level, where this is true. The person who gets more votes—one per-son, one vote—wins, but that is not true in the Presidential election. I realized how little sense this made many years ago, but when I tried to ex-plain it to my grandkids after this election, they said: Grandma, who won? Well, I told them, Donald Trump. Well, wait a minute, didn’t Mrs. Clin-ton get more votes? Yes. What if we did that in sports? I am a major basketball fan. What if the team that got the most points didn’t win? What if that happened? What would people think? Well, why not? Well, be-cause not everybody on the team touched the ball, therefore—even though they won by 40 points—they don’t win. This doesn’t make sense. This is an outdated system that does not reflect democracy, and it violates the prin-ciple of one person, one vote. Every single American, regardless of what State they live in, should be guaran-teed that their individual vote matters. Throughout our great history, we have had—this is the 45th President—five elections where the winner of the gen-eral election did not win the popular vote, but in our lifetime it has hap-pened twice. We have had two in the last 16 years, and so it really needs to be addressed. This is more than an anomaly. It looks like it could happen one way or the other. We don’t know if a Republican or a Democrat gets seat-ed. Right now, Hillary Clinton’s lead in the popular vote is 2.3 million votes. It is expected that she will win by prob-ably more than 2.7 million votes. That would be more than the votes cast in Alaska, Delaware, Washington, DC, Ha-waii, Vermont, and the Dakotas com-bined. We are not talking about a few votes; we are talking about 2.7 million votes—more than the votes cast in Alaska, Delaware, Washington, DC, Ha-waii, Vermont, and the Dakotas com-bined. Clinton would have won the pop-ular vote by a wider margin than not only Al Gore in 2000, but Richard Nixon in 1968 and John Kennedy in 1960. In 2012 Donald Trump said, ‘‘The electoral college is a disaster for de-mocracy.’’ I couldn’t agree more. I don’t agree with too much of what Donald Trump says, but I sure agree with that. He said, ‘‘The electoral col-lege is a disaster for democracy.’’ After the election, his views did not change: 
‘‘You know, I’m not going to change my mind just because I won. But I would rather see it where you went with simple votes.’’ 
These are all quotes of his. 
‘‘You know, you get 100 million votes and somebody else gets 90 million votes and you win.’’ 
After he said that, I think his advis-ers went a little nuts because by the next morning, he tweeted that the elec-toral college system was ‘‘actually ge-nius.’’ Then he also tweeted this, which was very interesting: ‘‘If the election were based on the total popular vote, I would have campaigned in New York, Florida, and California and won even bigger and more easily.’’ OK. Maybe that is true. Maybe that is true. His point is well-taken. Presidential candidates should cam-paign in every single State. Actually, if we got rid of the electoral college, can-didates would have to campaign in every State because the vote of every American would matter regardless of where they live. If you get all the pop-ular vote in one State, you will add to your popular vote at the end. According to nationalpopularvote.com, 94 percent of campaigning by the Presidential can-didates in 2016 took place in 12 States— 12 States. That was it. Two-thirds of these general election campaign events took place in six States. In 2015 Gov. Scott Walker of Wis-consin said: ‘‘The nation as a whole is not going to elect the next president. Twelve states are.’’ Just think about that. ‘‘The nation as a whole is not going to elect the next president.’’ He was right when he said that in 2015. He was right. So what message does that send to the people who live in the populous States, like my State, where 39 million Americans live? What message does that send to the 27 million Americans who live in Texas? What message does 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.016 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6532 November 29, 2016 
that send to the smaller States, like North Dakota and Rhode Island, where the candidates don’t even bother to campaign for the votes because they are either blue or red? They are not purple, so they don’t matter. No won-der voter turnout was just 58 percent in this election. Too many Americans don’t believe their vote matters be-cause they are told: Oh, you live in a red State. It is going to Trump. Even if you are for Trump, just stay home. It is ridiculous. Maybe that person really wanted to vote, but they are convinced that if they live in a bright red State like Alabama, they don’t have to vote because it is going for Trump, and if they are for Hillary Clin-ton and they live in a reliably blue State, they may think: Well, you know what, I am not interested. Why should I bother? My State is blue. What is the difference? So we have a 58-percent voter turn-out. It is altogether ridiculous. Polit-ical science experts agree that too many Americans feel their vote doesn’t count. It just doesn’t count. Listen to Doug McAdam, professor of sociology at Stanford University, who asked, ‘‘What about all those citizens who live in noncompetitive states?’’ He makes my point: 
‘‘Consider the loyal Republican who lives in California or the stalwart Mississippi Democrat? Every four years, voting for them is an exercise in political powerlessness, at least when it comes to the presidential race.’’ 
What is the difference? Hillary is going to win by so much. Don’t worry about it. But if we were using the popular vote, believe me, every Republican would get out and every Democrat would get out and every Independent would get out because their vote would count. Every 4 years, a lot of people in dif-ferent States feel their vote doesn’t matter. They feel powerless when it comes to the Presidential race—the only race in the country where the winner doesn’t win, maybe. The winner doesn’t win. It is crazy. I looked all over to find another example where this is true; it is not true. William Crotty, professor emeritus of political science at Northeastern Uni-versity, said that the electoral college ‘‘has never worked well. The fact is that it is a terrible system that has no place in an age where democracy is as-cendant. It continues to exist from sheer inertia and the protection of en-trenched power. It has little to do with democracy.’’ Well, everybody knows I didn’t run again for the Senate. I have a fabulous replacement coming. But I did drop this bill to do away with the electoral college because I am still a Senator, I am still here, and I will be darned if I am going to let this thing pass. Listen to a professor of law at Ford-ham University, John Feerick: 
‘‘Not only have reasons for the Electoral College long since vanished but the institu-tion has not fulfilled the design of the fram-ers. Today it represents little more than an archaic and undemocratic counting device. There is no good reason for retaining such a formula of electing the president of the United States.’’ Well, I also saw a poll which shows that 62 percent of the people in this country, regardless of party, think we should do away with it and go to a sys-tem where the winner wins. How unique—the winner wins and the loser loses. That is the way it should be in the greatest democracy in the country. Try explaining this to your kids and grandkids. I am telling you, if they are about 11 or 12, explain what happened. I know changing the system won’t be easy. I have been around a long time. I have spent more than half of my life in politics in elected office. So we under-stand that the legislation would need to be enacted by Congress and would only take effect after being ratified by three-quarters of the States within 7 years after its passage. This is very dif-ficult. This is a constitutional amend-ment. So I am not naive, and I under-stand what we are talking about. But there is another way to address this; it is called the National Popular Vote plan. It would guarantee that the Presidential candidate who wins the most votes would win the election and be the President, whether it is Donald Trump getting the most votes or Hil-lary Clinton getting the most votes, et cetera. All it requires is for enough States to act. It is an interstate com-pact where the States would agree to award their electoral votes to the Pres-idential candidate who wins the pop-ular vote. So in California, where we have a number of electoral votes, if Donald Trump wins, they go to Donald Trump regardless of how our State voted. In other words, the votes are counted and then the States give their electoral votes to the winner of the popular vote—pretty simple. So you still have the electoral college, but the result is that the votes are given to the person who wins the national popular vote. The agreement takes effect only once the participating States together hold a majority of electoral votes; that is, 270 out of 538 electoral votes. So far, the National Popular Vote bill has been enacted into law by 10 States and the District of Columbia, adding up to 165 electoral votes. The legislation has been introduced in every State in the country, and it has support on both sides of the aisle be-cause electing the person who wins is the democratic way. Trump supporter Newt Gingrich wrote a letter in 2014 endorsing the idea. He wrote: 
‘‘No one should become president of the United States without speaking to the needs and hopes of Americans in all 50 States. . . . America would be better served with a presi-dential election process that treated citizens across the country equally.’’ 
Former Republican Congressman Bob Barr said: 
‘‘Only when the election process is given back to all of the people of all the states will we be able to choose a President based on what is best for all 50 states and not just a select few.’’ I will make a point that I don’t agree with Newt Gingrich on pretty much anything except this. This is rare. Newt Gingrich said Medicare should wither on the vine. He called Demo-crats traitors. Believe me, I served with him, I know. And his ethical standards don’t meet what I think the standards should be. But setting that aside, here we are on the same side. 
‘‘No one should become president of the United States without speaking to the needs and hopes of Americans in all 50 States. . . . America would be better served with a presi-dential election process that treats citizens across the country equally.’’ 
I urge my colleagues to take a close look at the legislation I have intro-duced, and I urge State legislators and Governors around the country to take a close look at the National Popular Vote bill. Again, I am going to be honest, it is really hard to pass a constitutional amendment. I am not naive about it. But to pass a law in various States isn’t that hard. That should be done. The American people can help. I ask them to call their Senators and Mem-bers of Congress about our bill. There is a bill in the House being introduced by C
HARLIE RANGEL to do away with the electoral college—very simple—and just let the popular vote stand. Ask them to sign on to this bill, but don’t stop there. Write and call your rep-resentatives in the State house and push for your State to sign on to the interstate compact. A lot of people have come up to me after this election and said: You know, I don’t feel my voice is heard, period. This is one of the reasons. Well, make your voice heard on either get-ting rid of the electoral college or the State compact where the State would give its votes to the winner of the na-tional popular vote. Voting is the cornerstone of democ-racy. We have had men and women through the decades die for the right to vote. Many generations of Americans of every gender, race, religion, and ide-ology have marched and struggled and died to secure this fundamental free-dom. Yet we have a system where the winner can lose. We owe it to the American people who have given so much for the right to vote to make sure that every vote matters and every vote counts. We owe it to them to ensure that the vote of a citizen in my State is worth the same as a vote of someone in a swing State. We owe it to every Republican voter and every Democratic voter and every Independent voter, every Green Party voter—whatever the party—to have that vote count. One person, one vote is the cornerstone of democracy. By making this critical change where the winner of the popular vote wins and every citizen’s vote counts regard-less of who they are, where they live, whether they are a Republican, Demo-crat, or a decline-to-state or Green or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.017 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6533 November 29, 2016 
whatever party they choose, we would then be engaging voters in every single State. We will lift voter turnouts. We will ensure that every Presidential candidate speaks to the needs of Amer-icans in every State and every region. We will ensure equal representation for all. You know, sometimes I come down here and I talk about issues that are very controversial. I must tell you, if you ask anyone on the street ‘‘Do you think the winner of the popular vote should win the Presidency?’’ I would say a very strong majority would say ‘‘Of course.’’ If you ask them ‘‘Do you know of any office in the land, whether it is Governor, mayor, supervisor, city council, sewer board, sanitation dis-trict, you name it, where the winner doesn’t win?’’ they will say ‘‘No, I can’t think of any.’’ You know what, there are none. So why not do the simple thing and the right thing and the just thing and make sure that the winner of the popular vote is sworn in as our President. I think this will be a huge boon for every single voter in this greatest of all countries. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. 
f 
IRAN SANCTIONS EXTENSION BILL Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I noticed the majority leader has given us all no-tice that, after consultation with the Democratic leader, he intends to bring up the Iran Sanctions Act, H.R. 6297. I point out that this legislation passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 419 to 1. It is legislation that would extend the Iran Sanctions Act that was passed by this Congress that is set to expire at the end of this year. Let me repeat that. The Iran Sanctions Act, which was enacted originally in 1996—if no ac-tion is taken before the end of Decem-ber, that sanction authorization legis-lation would expire. This is our last opportunity to extend the Iran Sanctions Act before it is scheduled to expire at the end of De-cember. It was passed in 1996 by a unanimous vote of this body. Its goal was to deny Iran the ability to be able to have financial support for its nu-clear proliferation. Congress had passed several bills that provided sanc-tion opportunities by the administra-tion to impose sanctions in order to get Iran to change its behavior, its illegal activities in pursuing a nuclear weap-on, which was against U.S. security in-terests, destabilizing for the entire re-gion, threatened Israel, threatened the neighboring states. It was, I think, the unanimous view of our body that we had to take whatever steps were pos-sible to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear weapon power. The legislation we passed, including the Iran Sanctions Act, allowed the Obama administration to move forward with sanctions against Iran, and they rigorously enforced the sanctions they imposed. I want to acknowledge the work done by the Obama administra-tion in enforcing those sanctions that we gave our authorization to impose. But the Obama administration went further than that. They then garnered international support to also impose and support the sanctions that we had imposed in the United States, which was strong enough to get Iran to recog-nize that they had to come to the nego-tiating table. Clearly, the sanctions were the motivating factor that al-lowed for the negotiations of the nu-clear agreement that was agreed to 2 years ago. This legislation is pretty simple. It extends for 10 years the Iran Sanctions Act that was used by the administra-tion and in which we have a tem-porary—we have relief granted under that law as long as Iran is in compli-ance with the nuclear agreement. The nuclear agreement, JCPOA, specifi-cally provides for the snapback of sanc-tions in the event that Iran violates the provisions of the agreement. In order to have snapbacks, you have to have the sanction regime in place. Therefore, it is incumbent upon us to extend the sanction authorization. This does not impose any new sanc-tions on Iran. That it does not. It is not in violation of the JCPOA. It just al-lows us to have effective enforcement to make sure Iran complies with their commitments. I want to underscore that point. During the Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing, I had a chance to ask the administration’s wit-ness, Secretary Lew, that specific ques-tion. I asked Secretary Lew—this ques-tion was asked July 23, 2015. I said to the witness: 
The Iran Sanctions Act expires at the end of 2016. We will still be in the JCPOA a pe-riod of time where snapback of sanctions is a viable hedge against Iran’s cheating. Con-gress may well want to extend that law so that power is available immediately if Iran were to violate the agreement. Is that per-mitted under the JCPOA? 
The answer from Secretary Lew: 
I think that if it is on expiration, it is one thing. If it is well in advance, it is another. I think the idea of coming out of the box right now is very different from what you would do when it expires. 
Well, we are doing exactly what the administration asked us to do. We have held off for over—now it has been over 15 months, 16 months that we have held off before we have taken action to ex-tend the Iran Sanctions Act. If we don’t take action now, the authority given by Congress in the 1996 act, which would empower the snapbacks if needed, would not be available. So it is timely for us to act. It is totally con-sistent with the JCPOA and is not at all inconsistent with our responsibil-ities under that legislation. I think, though, that we should have a little bit of a discussion as to what we do moving forward. I should point out that the Iran Sanctions Act, H.R. 6297, is identical to S. 3281, legislation I filed with 19 of my colleagues earlier this year. So I think this enjoys strong bipartisan support, and I urge my col-leagues to support it. Now, looking forward—I did not sup-port the JCPOA. I did not support that agreement for various reasons, but it went into effect. I must tell my col-leagues, I think it would be tragic if the United States unilaterally walked away from the Iran nuclear agreement. What that would do is give the ability to Iran to pursue a nuclear weapons program without inspectors on the ground to let us know what they were doing. They would be able to pursue that, knowing full well that the inter-national community would not be uni-fied in regard to sanctions against Iran. Yes, we would impose sanctions, but our allies around the world would no longer be obligated to follow that, since it was the United States pulling out of the agreement. Many of those countries already have arrangements, and it would be very dif-ficult to see that they would follow U.S. leadership. In fact, one of the ad-verse impacts of the United States walking away from the Iran agreement would be that we would lose our stand-ing as an international leader, bringing the international community together to isolate Iran. Instead, we would be isolating the United States. That is not in our national security interest. So what should we do? Well, as I said earlier, the first step is to pass H.R. 6297 so that we have all of the tools in place. Secondly, let us all join together to rigorously enforce the Iran agree-ment, the JCPOA. We need to do that. We need to make sure that every part of that agreement is adhered to, in-cluding making sure Iran never be-comes a nuclear weapons state. We need to continue the use of sanctions on Iran’s nonnuclear nefarious activi-ties. They are still a sponsor of terrorism. We all know that. I was recently in the Middle East. I had a chance to talk to a lot of our strategic partners. They tell me about Iran’s activities in their region, how they are supporting efforts to destabilize other sovereign states in the Middle East. They are supporting terrorism. We also know that they have ex-panded their ballistic program. That is in contravention to their international obligations. We can impose sanctions and continue to strengthen sanctions against Iran in regard to those activi-ties. They are violating the human rights of the citizens of their own coun-try. We can take actions there. There are areas where we can con-tinue to work with the international community to deal with Iran’s nefar-ious activities. We should do that. I would just call to my colleagues’ atten-tion that several—actually in October of 2015, I introduced S. 2119, along with several of my colleagues, so that the Congress would be in a better position to carry out rigorous enforcement of the JCPOA and to take on Iran, work-ing with our partners, in regard to their other activities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.018 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6534 November 29, 2016 
It provides more information to the Congress on how the sanction relief re-sources are being used by Iran so that we can track the money. If they use it to support terrorism against the United States or they use it against our interests, we would be able to know about that and take action. It provides for expedited consider-ations if Iran commits these types of violations. It makes it very clear that we will continue to work on a regional security strategy so that our partners in the region know that the United States will continue to be on their side against the aggression that we have seen from the Iran regime. To me, that is the responsible action for us to take in order to carry out what should be U.S. leadership in isolating Iran, get-ting it to change its behavior, recog-nizing that it has been a major problem for the security of the United States in the region, and we must continue to be actively engaged. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for such time as I may require. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES BILL Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, to-morrow the U.S. House of Representa-tives will vote on a piece of legislation that many in this body on both sides of the aisle have worked on and that the majority leader of the Senate has de-scribed as the single most important piece of legislation that will pass this year. We call it the 21st Century Cures Act, and it includes three mental health reform acts—the most signifi-cant reforms in mental health pro-grams in 10 years. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD at the conclu-sion of my remarks the more than 200 organizations from all across the coun-try supporting the 21st Century Cures legislation. Why would the majority leader say it is the most important legislation the Senate might act on—because we do a lot of important stuff around here, whether it is Defense authorization, whether it is cyber security, whether it is the bill to fix No Child Left Behind that we passed in a bipartisan way last December. I think it is because this legislation will affect virtually every American family because we are enter-ing the most exciting period of medical research in our country. That is the first part of it. The second part, which has to do with mental health, affects so many families. We know that about one out of every five adult Americans suffers from some form of mental illness. This concentrates a large amount of money we actually spend on mental health programs every year from the Federal Government and spends it in a more ef-fective way to actually help people. In the next few minutes, I would like to acquaint the Senate again with how we have gone about this and remind Senators of how many of us have had a hand in this legislation. It is a remark-able 2 years of work that has involved many, many, many hearings, dozens of meetings, and that has been done in a large committee of 22 Senators of very different points of view in a largely bi-partisan way. I will summarize. The first thing I would mention, the legislation includes $6.3 billion of funding and $1 billion of that is for State opioid grants. Wheth-er it is Senator WHITEHOUSE of Rhode Island or Senator A
YOTTE and Senator P
ORTMAN , probably most Senators of this body have seen on the front pages of their newspapers the tragedies of opioid abuse. I know that is true in Tennessee. This bill helps in two ways. The most immediate way is to provide State grants—Federal dollars to go to States—over the next 2 years to help States fight opioid abuse. The other way it helps, when we get to the part about 21st Century Cures, is that Dr. Francis Collins, head of the National Institutes of Health—Dr. Col-lins calls it the ‘‘National Institutes of Hope’’—says that one of the groundbreaking discoveries we expect to happen in this country is a non-ad-dictive pain medicine. The problem with opioids is, they are addictive. Now, people need it. If you have a back surgery or if you have terrible pain, opioids can help people. We know that, but it is addictive and it is causing problems. What if we had non-addictive pain medicine? So this bill helps that in two ways. There is other funding in this legisla-tion: $4.8 billion to the National Insti-tutes of Health. The first 1.8 billion of that is for Cancer Moonshot. This is Vice President B
IDEN’s initiative. He is motivated for many reasons by it. His son died of cancer. Many of us have family members or friends with cancer. There are startling discoveries going on in cancer today. This is $1.8 billion in support of the Vice President’s Can-cer Moonshot. Then there is $1.4 billion for the Pre-cision Medicine Initiative. This is one of President Obama’s most important initiatives. I know he has said that very realistically he expects it to hap-pen anyway, but he would like to move it along. This helps move it along. What this means is that if the Senator from Oklahoma and I each have a dis-ease, that because of our genetic back-ground, the medicine we might get for that disease should be different. If we know that genetic difference between the two of us, the doctor can prescribe for it. That is called personalized medi-cine or precision medicine. Then there is $1.6 billion for the BRAIN Initiative. This includes groundbreaking research in Alz-heimer’s, for example. I talked to one drug manufacturer that has spent more than $1 billion trying to develop a med-icine that will help identify Alz-heimer’s before it shows symptoms and then another medicine that will slow the progression of Alzheimer’s. Imag-ine what could happen in our country if, for the tens of millions of Americans who are going to suffer with Alz-heimer’s, we could find that out before they actually have the symptoms and we can then slow down the progression of Alzheimer’s. Think of the suffering that would help avoid. Think of the bil-lions of dollars it would save. This is for that kind of research. Dr. Collins says that during this next 10 years, he expects that we will be able to identify individuals at high risk for Alzheimer’s before any symptoms appear and pro-vide them with effective medicines to slow or prevent the disease. It also includes $500 million for the Food and Drug Administration to help pay for the extra work we are giving the FDA. One Senator was on the floor talking about this bill and suggested this isn’t enough money. Let’s talk about money just a minute. The United States spends more on biomedical research and development than Europe, Japan, and China—almost as much as those three put together. There has neverthe-less been a real need for increased fund-ing for the kinds of things I just men-tioned, but the way we do things here is, we have authorization bills, which this is, where we decide what our poli-cies and our programs are going to be. Some of us are on those committees— like the committee I chair, and of which Senator MURRAY of Washington is the ranking Democrat, the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee in this case. Then we have Ap-propriations Committees that decide how much we can afford to spend on that. We do that separately. Last year, this Congress, a Repub-lican majority, I would point out—but Senator B
LUNT , chairman of the Appro-priations Committee for the Senate, would quickly give Senator M
URRAY , the ranking Democrat, full credit— added $2 billion to the National Insti-tutes of Health budget for 1 year. That means $20 billion over 10 years. This year, the same Republican Congress, with the cooperation of the Democratic Members, added another $2 billion to the National Institutes of Health budg-et. That is another $20 billion over 10 years. The Cures legislation that I have just described is another $5 billion. So that—20, 20, and 5—adds up to 45 billion new dollars approved. The first $20 bil-lion is law, the second $20 billion has just been approved by the Appropria-tions Committees—hopefully it will be-come law—and the $5 billion I just de-scribed. Now, that is real money. It is unusual to find an appropria-tions bill stuck on an authorization 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.025 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6535 November 29, 2016 
bill, but we have done it this time be-cause this is an unusual opportunity, and we have done it in a way that Speaker R
YAN and the House of Rep-resentatives believe is fiscally respon-sible. That means it doesn’t add any new mandatory spending. That kind of spending has the budget going through the roof so it doesn’t do that. It means it is paid for. That means we have re-duced other spending to pay for it. When we look at the entire budget, it doesn’t add a penny to the entire budg-et—we call it the discretionary plus the mandatory part—because it is paid for by reducing other spending. We have set priorities, we have done our job, and the Appropriations Com-mittee has done its job in consecutive years, approving $20 billion more over 10 years for the National Institutes of Health and will add another 5 here just to the National Institutes of Health. Let’s talk about the bipartisan na-ture of this bill. I am going to go through this fairly quickly, but for those watching, I think it is important to see this because sometimes when bills are popular—and I think this one will be popular. Everyone says: Well, that is easy. Tomorrow, the House of Representatives will vote on the 21st Century Cures bill. It includes the mental health bill—that I will describe in just a minute. I think it will be on suspension, which means they expect a big vote over there. I expect a big vote over here because I don’t expect many Senators would want to vote no on a $1 billion grant program that will fight opioid abuse in their home State. I don’t think there will be a lot of Sen-ators who want to vote no on more money to fight cancer and to help the Vice President with the Cancer Moon-shot. I suspect there will be a lot of Senators who want to vote yes to help the President advance his precision medicine legacy. I know there are fam-ilies affected by Alzheimer’s all over the country who hope Senators vote yes on the BRAIN Initiative. I imagine we will get a big vote when it comes up next Monday and Tuesday, after the House passes it tomorrow, but as we put this bill together, there was plenty of controversy, there was plenty of conflict, but virtually everything we did was bipartisan. The money I just described is cer-tainly bipartisan—the President’s ini-tiative, the Vice President’s initiative, the opioid initiative. That is bipar-tisan, but look at the bills we are talk-ing about. Here is one called the Advanced Tar-geted Therapies, which allows re-searchers to use their own data from previously approved therapies to help find a faster treatment for serious ge-netic diseases—Senator B
ENNET , Demo-crat; Senator W
ARREN , Democrat; Sen-ator B
URR, Republican; Senator H ATCH , Republican—and it passed by voice vote. I am very quickly going to go through 19 different bills that are the core of the 21st Century Cures legisla-tion. They came out of our committee which has 22 Members, and the largest number of recorded votes against any one of those 19 bills was two because every single one of these bills had a Democratic sponsor and a Republican sponsor, except for one, and that was Senator MURRAY ’s bill, and she is the ranking Democrat on our committee. So don’t let anyone suggest that a bill that has $6.3 billion of appropriations, that include Democratic priorities and bipartisan priorities, and the core of it is 19 bills of FDA and NIH reform that has a Democratic sponsor for every sin-gle bill and that was approved by a 22- member committee and only had two recorded votes against it—was the most that was against it—don’t let anybody say this is not a bipartisan bill. Anyone who says that simply hasn’t spent the time to be involved in the process. Let’s go to the next one. B
URR and F RANKEN , Republican and Democrat, FDA Device Accountability. It will bring innovative devices like ar-tificial knees and insulin pumps to pa-tients more quickly by getting rid of unnecessary regulations. One of the major things we need to do—and we do it in this bill—is to bring cures and discoveries through the regulatory process more quickly and at less cost. All of us are concerned about the price of drugs. One factor contrib-uting to that cost is that it takes a bil-lion dollars and 13 or 15 years to take a new discovery through the process. We would like to shorten that process as long as we can do it in a way that ensures that it is safe. The next one is called the Next Gen-eration Researchers Act—Senator B
ALDWIN , Democrat; Senator C OLLINS , Republican. It improves opportunities for our young researchers. It was passed by voice vote. That means there was no objection. The next one is called the Enhancing Rehabilitation Research at the Na-tional Institutes of Health—K
IRK, Re-publican; B
ENNET , Democrat; H ATCH , Republican; M
URKOWSKI , Republican; Republicans I
SAKSON and C OLLINS . En-hancing Rehabilitation Research was passed by voice vote. Neurological Diseases Research. Here we have I
SAKSON and M URPHY , Repub-lican and Democrat, advancing Re-search for Neurological Diseases. The next one has do with superbugs and protecting patients. You know about these. You get an infection, and you take a medicine to treat it, but the medicine doesn’t work because the in-fection is a superbug. This bill will clarify that the FDA requires cleaning and validation data for reusable med-ical devices. In other words, this will make it less likely that will be a prob-lem. That is Senator M
URRAY ’s bill. Improving Health IT. This is about electronic health records. The govern-ment has spent a huge amount of money on that, over $32 billion, includ-ing hospitals and doctors to adopt elec-tronic medical records. It is very im-portant to precision medicine, to per-sonalized medicine, because if you can’t use all this data, a doctor is not going to prescribe something for the Senator from Oklahoma that is dif-ferent from something for the Senator from Tennessee. We found that the electronic medical records system was a mess. We had six hearings on it, and we worked with the Obama administration because they could do some things to fix it and we could do some things to fix it. I thank Secretary Burwell in the Obama ad-ministration—I thank her and Andy Slavitt at CMS for the efforts they have made to do what they could do. And these are the things that we could do. Senator MURRAY was involved, Sen-ator C
ASSIDY , Senator W HITEHOUSE , Senator H
ATCH , Senator B ENNET . It was a bipartisan effort to reduce physician documentation burden—electronic health records to make it more inter-operable and to get this system moving again. Advancing Breakthrough Medical De-vices. One of the great successes we have had in legislation was a few years ago when Senator B
ENNET and Senator B
URR, among others, introduced a bill and made it law that brought break-through medicines through the Food and Drug Administration more rapidly. More than 49 have been approved and 464 requests for breakthrough designa-tion in about 4 or 5 years. We are ap-plying that same breakthrough strat-egy to medical devices. Of course, we have bipartisan support for that. The Advancing Hope Act. If you are a parent of a child with a rare disease, such as brain cancer, this increases the opportunity that the drugs will help. Medical Electronic Data Technology. We had Senator B
ENNET , Democrat; Senator H
ATCH , Republican. Medical Countermeasure Innovation Act. This is very important. Senators B
URRand C ASEY have been real leaders in dealing with medical counter-measures. These are in case there is a bioterror attack, anthrax—some kind of man-made or naturally-occurring problem like that. Are we ready to deal with that? This helps to do that. There are just a few more. Some will say: Why are you going on for so long? Because I would like for people to know when it happens that this Senate is capable of taking a great big, com-plex subject, and Democrats and Re-publicans are capable of working to-gether to produce a result that de-serves a big vote. The Combination Products Innova-tion Act. This helps to bring to the market a products that are made up of medical devices and medicines. There is a bill by W
ICKER , BENNET , C
OLLINS , K LOBUCHAR , ISAKSON , and F
RANKEN on Patient Focused Impact Assessment. There is one to modernize the FDA workforce. Dr. Califf told us that his biggest problem at the FDA is that he can’t hire all the people he needs to deal with all of the exciting things 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.024 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6536 November 29, 2016 
going on. This gives him new authority to do that. Everybody thinks that would be an important thing to do. It was approved by voice vote. Advancing Precision Medicine. This is legislation that I introduced and supported the President’s Precision Medicine Initiative, which I have talked about before. There is other legislation that went through. The point of all of this is that 19 different bills are the core of this 21st Century Cures Act. The most re-corded number of votes against this bill was two, and every single one was sponsored by a Democrat as well as a Republican, except for one, which was Senator M
URRAY ’s bill. She is the rank-ing Democrat on the committee. In conclusion, we are fortunate to be able to add to the bill the Mental Health Reform Act. Actually, we in-clude three mental health bills, and to-gether they make up the most signifi-cant reform of mental health programs that we have had in more than a dec-ade. I want to give particular credit to Senator M
URPHY , Democrat, and to Senator C
ASSIDY , Republican, for work-ing together through some real land-mines to get this to a place where it can pass the House almost unani-mously and where it will be a part of the bill that we will vote on next week. I want to thank the majority whip, Senator C
ORNYN , who also added an im-portant judicial part to this legislation and helped us navigate some difficult issues. In other words, these Senators showed that they know how to legis-late. They could have stood up and made a speech. They could have in-sisted on doing things exactly their way, but they said to look for the area where we might agree on 80 percent of the policy and let’s agree that. This is one of those bills. Look at the number of Republicans and Democrats who have passed that. Here is the sec-ond mental health bill we are talking about. You can see the number of Sen-ators. I have taken some time to go through the legislation that will be coming to the Senate early next week and that will be voted on tomorrow in the House of Representatives. I do think it likely represents, as the ma-jority leader has suggested, the most important piece of legislation that we could act on this year. Because it af-fects virtually every American family, Forbes magazine reported that 78 per-cent of the American people favored Congress taking action on medical in-novation because they have heard peo-ple like Dr. Francis Collins, the head of the National Institutes of Health, talk about within the next 10 years having a Zika vaccine and HIV/AIDS vaccine, identifying Alzheimer’s before symp-toms appear and slow its progression, an artificial pancreas for those with di-abetes, and a non-addictive type of pain medicine. These are magnificent opportunities for us. We have strong leadership at the National Institutes of Health. We have put our money where our mouth is. It is true that we will have to ap-prove it every year, and it is true that we had to reduce other spending in order to have this spending, but that is the way we are supposed to do things. What we have done is take a bipar-tisan core of bills; we worked hard for two years in a bipartisan way and pro-duced a result that had very few ‘‘no’’ votes along the way. It includes Demo-cratic priorities as well as Republican priorities. It has the avid interest of the Democratic President of the United States, the Democratic Vice President of the United States. It is a part of the agenda forward in health care for the Republican Speaker of the House, and the Republican majority leader in the Senate says it is the most important bill we are going to act on. I would think that would get a big vote tomorrow in the House, and I would think it deserves a big vote in the U.S. Senate next week. It has been my privilege to work with Senator MURRAY and the other members of the Committee on Health, Education, and Labor to produce the bill. I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
ORGANIZATIONS SUPPORTING 21ST CENTURY  
CURES  IBM, Premier Healthcare Alliance, Amer-ican Society of Clinical Oncology, National Patient Advocate Foundation, Parent Project Muscular Dystrophy, Alliance of Specialty Medicine, Advanced Medical Tech-nology Association (AdvaMed), Association of American Medical Colleges, Association of Public & Land-Grant Universities/Associa-tion of American Universities, United for Medical Research; Epstein Becker Green on behalf of: Coalition for CLIA Waiver Reform, Advanced Medical Technology Association, National Coalition of STD Directors, Abbott, Alere, Becton Dickinson & Company, BioFire Diagnostics, ChemBio Diagnostic Systems, Roche Diagnostics, Sekisui Diagnostics, Spartan Bioscience, TearLab Corporation. Coalition of 217 rare disease foundations: AKU Society of North America, Alpha–1 Foundation, ALS Association, Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood Foundation, Amer-ican Behcet’s Disease Association (ABDA), American Brain Tumor Association, Amer-ican Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Support (AMEN Support), Association for Frontotemporal Degeneration (AFTD), Asso-ciation of Gastrointestinal Motility Dis-orders, Inc. (AGMD), Association for Gly-cogen Storage Disease, Batten Disease Sup-port and Research Association, BCC Nevus Syndrome Life Support Network, BRBN Alli-ance, Children’s PKU Network. Cholangiocarcinoma Foundation, Chro-mosome Disorder Outreach Inc., Cicatricial Alopecia Research Foundation, Council For Bile Acid Deficiency Diseases, CureCADASIL (CADASIL Association Inc.), CureCMD, Cure HHT, Cutaneous Lymphoma Foundation, The Desmoid Tumor Research Foundation, Inc., Dystonia Advocacy Network, Dystonia Medical Research Foundation, dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa research association of America (debra of America), The Erythromelalgia Association, Everylife Foundation for Rare Diseases, Foundation for Ichthyosis & Related Skin Types, Inc., Foundation for Prader-Willi Research, Foun-dation to Eradicate Duchenne (FED), Friedreich’s Ataxia Research Alliance (FARA), GBS/CIDP Foundation Inter-national, The Global Foundation for Peroxisomal Disorders, The Guthy-Jackson Charitable Foundation, Hermansky-Pudlak Syndrome Network Inc., Histiocytosis Asso-ciation, HLRCC Family Alliance, The Hun-tington’s Disease Society of America, HypoPARAthyroidism Association, Immune Deficiency Foundation, Indian Organization for Rare Disorders, The International Advo-cate for Glycoprotein Storage Diseases, International FOP Association, Inter-national Foundation for CDKL5 Research, International Myeloma Foundation, Inter-national Pemphigus and Pemphigoid Foun-dation (IPPF), International WAGR Syn-drome Association, Jack McGovern Coats’ Disease Foundation, Kennedy’s Disease Asso-ciation, LAL Solace, The Life Raft Group, Lymphangiomatosis & Gorham’s Disease Al-liance, The Marfan Foundation, MEBO Re-search, MitoAction, Moebius Syndrome Foundation, The Morgan Leary Vaughan Fund. Mucolipidosis Type IV Foundation, Mus-cular Dystrophy Association (MDA), The Myositis Association, National Adrenal Dis-eases Foundation, National Alopecia Areata Foundation, National Ataxia Foundation, National Eosinophilia Myalgia Syndrome Network, National Lymphedema Network (NLN), National MPS Society, National Or-ganization for Rare Disorders (NORD), Na-tional PKU Alliance, National Spasmodic Dysphonia Association, National Tay-Sachs & Allied Diseases Association, Inc. (NTSAD), NBIA Disorders Association, NephCure Kid-ney International, Neuroendocrine Tumor Research Foundation, Neurofibromatosis Network, The Oley Foundation, Organic Aci-demia Association, Osteogenesis Imperfecta Foundation, Oxalosis and Hyperoxaluria Foundation, Parent Project Muscular Dys-trophy (PPMD), Parents and Researchers In-terested in Smith-Magenis Syndrome (PRISMS), PKD Foundation, Prader-Willi Syndrome Association (USA), PRP Alliance, Pulmonary Hypertension Association, RASopathies Network USA, Rett Syndrome Research Trust, Scleroderma Foundation, Spastic Paraplegia Foundation, Sturge- Weber Foundation, Tarlov Cyst Disease Foundation, Tuberous Sclerosis Alliance, United Leukodystrophy Foundation, The United Mitochondrial Disease Foundation, US Hereditary Angioedema Association, Vas-culitis Foundation, VHL Alliance, Williams Syndrome Association, Wilson Disease Asso-ciation, Worldwide Syringomyelia & Chiari Task Force, XLH Network. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, earlier this year the Republican leadership made a somewhat controversial deci-sion, but when you think about it, it shouldn’t have been all that controver-sial. It was to allow the American peo-ple, by their selection for the next President of the United States, to ex-press their views about who ought to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.026 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6537 November 29, 2016 
nominated to the vacancy left by the untimely death of Justice Antonin Scalia. This is not an easy decision, but the fact remains that the Supreme Court considers rules on some of the most pressing, challenging questions of our time. It does some very important things, such as interpreting the Con-stitution. They are the final word. It also guarantees liberty by the separa-tion of powers and enforcing the Bill of Rights and the like. It is no exaggeration to say that the Supreme Court affects the lives of every man, woman, and child in our country, and it is obviously a truism that the people who occupy those seats will have a very clear impact on the fu-ture direction of not only the Court but our country. We have to consider lifetime appoint-ments carefully. As Justice Scalia liked to say during his lifetime, why in the world should people trust non-elected judges to make value judg-ments and in so doing, substitute their judgment for the views of the duly elected Members of Congress who rep-resent the American people and who are politically accountable? That is why he said judges ought to take a rather limited role, or view of their role, under the Constitution. I agree with him. The role of the judiciary is not to say what the law should be but, rather, what the law actually is. Unfortu-nately, we know the Supreme Court of the United States has become such a controversial place in large part be-cause of its tendency to substitute its value judgments for those of the Amer-ican people or to read into the Con-stitution words that nobody found in the last 200 years, but miraculously somehow they sprung up with new meaning, resulting in the creation of a new constitutional life that nobody ever dreamed existed before. It is true that the Supreme Court plays an essential function in our gov-ernment, and there was simply too much at stake not to let the American people, through their selection of the next President, have a say. Well, suf-fice it to say, 3 weeks removed from election day, it is clear that we heard their voice. I think by the selection of Donald Trump as the next President of the United States, the American people clearly realized that even though the Supreme Court wasn’t on the ballot, the person who selected the next Su-preme Court Justice—perhaps the next two or three—was clearly on the ballot, and there was a clear difference be-tween those choices. I think people re-alized that Secretary Clinton would likely appoint more judges in the tra-dition of people like Justice Ginsburg and Justice Sotomayor, people who demonstrated their record of being willing to take some license with the Constitution and the laws and basi-cally rewrite them in their own image. I think the American people knew they were choosing between activist judges who essentially operated as un-accountable, unelected legislators wearing black robes or judges who be-lieved in the more traditional role for the judiciary—judges who actually in-terpret the written words on the page passed by the Congress and signed into law or the Constitution itself. I believe that is how our Founding Fathers in-tended our separation of powers to work. The judiciary is not supposed to be a substitute for Congress and the polit-ical branches; it is supposed to rep-resent a check and balance to make sure that the laws that are passed do not violate the Constitution as written and that the laws that are passed are faithfully enforced according to the words in the statute. I, for one, look forward to consid-ering President-Elect Trump’s nominee to the Supreme Court in due time. Since I have been in the Senate, I have had the privilege of participating in the nomination and confirmation of four Justices to the U.S. Supreme Court. As members of the Judiciary Committee, we are at ground zero in that process, and I know Chairman G
RASSLEY is already preparing, along with members of the committee, to re-ceive the nomination of President- Elect Trump. We don’t know whom he will nominate to the Court yet, but he has given the American people a pretty good idea of the type of jurist he would nominate. I think that is one of the reasons millions of Americans voted for him. They wanted an administra-tion committed to the Constitution, and they saw that commitment re-flected in the list of men and women President-Elect Trump circulated as potential nominees to the Court. Now that we have heard from the American people, I look forward to going through the confirmation process once again. I am sure it will be a rig-orous contest of ideas. I am sure there will be a lot of different views ex-pressed, and that is OK. But in the end, I am confident that we will elect Presi-dent-Elect Trump’s nominee to the Su-preme Court. I am optimistic that it will be somebody in the tradition of Justice Scalia, somebody who believes in upholding the rule of law in the country. Having been a member of the State judiciary for 13 years, I have some pret-ty strong views on this topic. If people want to take on the role of a policy-maker, I believe they ought to run for Congress or some legislative office or maybe run for President. They shouldn’t seek to be a judge on the Federal court or in the court system because that is not primarily a policy-making role. It is important but per-haps less exciting in some ways or at least is a less visible way of inter-preting the Constitution and the laws passed by Congress. That is important and straightforward enough, but it is important that the people who are nominated and confirmed understand what their important but limited role is under our constitutional govern-ment. As I said, we need a Justice like the late Justice Scalia, who believed that the words in the Constitution matter. We need a Justice who brings some sense of humility to the bench. That is a very important quality. I remember Chief Justice Roberts talking about the importance of humility when it comes to the job of judging. When one has a lifetime tenure job and can’t be removed from office except by im-peachment, that gives them a lot of latitude to do things that perhaps maybe humility would dictate that we not do. So we need people of good char-acter, people with the requisite quali-fications and experience and with the right judicial philosophy, I believe. We need a Justice who will fight for the Court to take its proper role as a check against executive or legislative over-reach, but it ought to be constrained by the words of the Constitution as written and by the words in the legisla-tion Congress has passed. There is no justification under our Constitution for a judge who simply views their position as license to do what they want or sub-stitute their opinion for that of the elected representatives of the people. I am optimistic we will be able to move forward with President-Elect Trump’s nominee to fill the bench and will soon be up to full speed of nine Justices. Through President Obama’s tenure, we saw the Senate confirm two of his Justices to the Supreme Court. As I mentioned, those are two of the four confirmations in which I have had the pleasure of participating in the confirmation process. President Obama was able to replace two members of the Court. In recent months, we heard our friends across the aisle say how impor-tant it is to fill the vacancy left by the death of Justice Scalia. We know they disagreed with us on our decision to leave that decision to the voters who selected the next President, but I trust they will feel the same way now—that it is important that we fill this bench without undue delay now that the peo-ple have spoken. It is the American people who I be-lieve have made a choice in the type of Justice they want confirmed to the Court. They have determined that what our country needs is a Justice committed to the rule of law and to the Constitution—not politics, not value judgments, but enforcing the law as written. I look forward to helping the new administration deliver that for the American people. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR ALL REAUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, today the House will take up a piece of legis-lation known as the Justice for All Re-authorization Act, a bill that will help victims as they seek to restore their lives and will better equip law enforce-ment to fight some of the most heinous crimes imaginable. This legislation will help put more of the guilty behind 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.028 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6538 November 29, 2016 
bars and provide key resources to fo-rensic labs across the country while aiming to end the rape kit backlog. The rape kit backlog in particular has been something that a wonderful woman named Debbie Smith has com-mitted much of her life to, making sure we provide the resources to local foren-sic labs that test those rape kits be-cause of the power of DNA and forensic testing. One can literally tell with al-most certainty whether the evidence contained in a rape kit matches a DNA sample from a suspected sexual of-fender. Likewise, one can also exclude the suspect from being the one who provided that forensic DNA sample. In other words, you can exonerate as well as convict people as a result of testing from these rape kits. Being involved in this issue, we ini-tially heard there were as many as 400,000 untested rape kits in America. Some of them had been tested 20 years after the fact only to find that the sex-ual offender didn’t just commit one act of violence or sexual assault but was a serial offender. There are stories of individual cour-age on the part of victims of sexual as-sault who have come forward to tell their story about the impact of this important elimination of the rape kit backlog. There are cities like Hous-ton—Houston, under the leadership of Mayor Parker, basically said they are going to eliminate the rape kit backlog in Houston on their own, with perhaps some Federal assistance. They were able to identify a number of perpetra-tors in unsolved crimes because they were able to tell that the DNA in these rape kits matched certain hits on the FBI’s CODIS list, where they maintain the data bank of DNA samples that are matched against those collected from suspects, collected in forensic examina-tion. Suffice it to say that this legislation will contribute to ending that rape kit backlog, and I believe that is a good enough reason to support it. It will make sure that brave people like Debbie Smith, who years ago suffered a sexual assault and who has made this one of her causes in life—it will make sure that no woman would have to en-dure what she had to endure, and that is where law enforcement fails to use all the resources available to it to find her assailant and to bring them to jus-tice. Most importantly, this legislation will also help strengthen victims’ rights and help them pursue their jus-tice in court. We already passed it once unani-mously in the Senate back in June, and I am thankful to the leadership in the House for bringing this bill up in the waning days of the 114th Congress. I look forward to the House bringing up and passing this legislation today and to us taking it up here with any amendments that the House may offer and taking it up here I hope by unani-mous consent and passing it before we leave for the holidays. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. A
YOTTE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 25 minutes in morning busi-ness. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, I started my weekly series of speeches about the dangers of climate change in the spring of 2012. My trusty ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ sign is getting a little battered, showing some wear and tear, but I am still determined to get us to act on climate before it is too late. The Senator from New Hampshire clearly knows what is going on in her State. It is long past time to wake up to the industry-controlled campaign of cal-culated misinformation on the dangers of carbon pollution. Opponents of cli-mate action relish operating in the dark. Their slimiest work to under-mine science and deny the harmful ef-fects of carbon pollution on human health, natural systems, and the econ-omy is done by hidden hands through front groups. If anything is to change, we first need to acknowledge peer-re-viewed science, the expert assessments of our military and national security leaders, and the business case for cli-mate action that iconic American com-panies are making. But if anything is really going to change, we need to shine a light on the sophisticated scheme of science denial being foisted on the American people. President Theodore Roosevelt once said: ‘‘Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.’’ We in Congress have the chance to do this worthy work, but big special inter-ests don’t want that to happen. So Con-gress keeps drifting toward climate ca-tastrophe, and I keep delivering my weekly remarks—today for the 150th time. Thankfully, I am not a lone voice. Many colleagues have been speaking out, particularly our ranking member on the Environment and Public Works Committee, Senator B
OXER , and one of our Democratic Party’s Presidential contenders, Senator S
ANDERS . Senator M
ARKEY has been speaking on climate longer than I have even been in the Senate. Senators S
CHUMER , N ELSON , B
LUMENTHAL , SCHATZ , KING, BALDWIN , B
ROWN , and C OONS have each joined me to speak of the effects of carbon pollu-tion on their home States and econo-mies. Our Democratic leader, Senator REID, has pressed the Senate to face up to this challenge, and 18 fellow Demo-cratic colleagues, including climate champs M
ERKLEY , W ARREN , M ARKEY , and S
CHUMER joined me in calling out the industry-controlled many-tenta-cled apparatus deliberately polluting our American discourse with climate science denial. The climate science that deniers tried to undermine dates back to the 1800s, predating Henry Ford’s first pro-duction Model T, predating Thomas Edison’s first light bulb demonstration, and predating the first commercial oil well in the United States. It was 1824, around the time that President Monroe added the South Portico to the White House, that French scientist Joseph Fourier explained that the Earth’s temperature would be much lower if the planet lacked an atmosphere, pro-viding one of the first descriptions of the greenhouse effect. In 1861, the year President Lincoln took office, Irish physicist John Tyndall described the trace components of the atmosphere that were responsible for the green-house effect, including carbon dioxide, methane, and water vapor. In 1896, the year Utah joined the Union, Swedish scientist Svante Arrhenius published the first calculation of global warming due to the addition of carbon dioxide from the burning of fossil fuels. The concentration of carbon dioxide in the Earth’s atmosphere at that time was 295 parts per million. Today it is 400 parts per million and rising—in-deed, rising at a pace not seen for 66 million years. Scientific research con-tinues to demonstrate planetary warm-ing and the many changes that come with it. I am from the Ocean State, and we can particularly look at the oceans to see the devastating effects of climate change. Of course, the great, corrupt denial machine the fossil fuel industry supports rarely talks about oceans. But, remember, that machine doesn’t care about evidence. It just wants to create phony doubt. But there is not much room for doubt in measurements of warming, rising, and acidifying seas, which are measured with everyday thermometers—with yardsticks, essen-tially—and pH tests. So faced with all that measurement, they just don’t go there. But the changes happening in the oceans are real. Our unfettered burning of fossil fuels has made our oceans warmer. The oceans have absorbed the vast majority of the heat trapped in our atmosphere by our carbon pollu-tion—the heat equivalent to several Hiroshima-style atomic bombs being set off in the sea every second for the last 20 years. One result of all this heat is the calamity now taking place in the world’s coral reefs, the incubators of the sea. Australia’s Great Barrier Reef is the largest coral ecosystem on Earth. Se-vere bleaching has hit between 60 and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.029 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6539 November 29, 2016 
100 percent of corals on the Great Bar-rier Reef, according to Dr. Terry Hughes of James Cook University in Queensland. Research led by Dr. An-drew King at the University of Mel-bourne determined that the ocean warming that led to widespread and devastating coral destruction was made 175 times more likely by human- caused climate change. As one researcher put it, climate change ‘‘is the smoking gun.’’ We are not just warming the oceans. The oceans actually absorb carbon dioxide itself, as well as heat. Because carbon dioxide forms carbonic acid when it dissolves in sea water, the seas are acidifying at the fastest rate in 50 mil-lion years. On America’s northwest coast, oyster hatcheries have already experienced significant losses when their new hatches were unable to grow their shells in the acidified sea water. Off the coasts of Washington, Oregon, and Northern California, 50 percent of tiny sea snails called pteropods—these creatures right here—were measured to have ‘‘severe shell damage,’’ mostly from acidified seas. A NOAA study re-leased just last week detailed for the first time the extent to which that damage was caused by human carbon pollution. If this species collapses, the bottom falls out of the oceanic food chain. In Rhode Island, Narragansett Bay’s mean winter water temperature is up nearly 4 degrees Farenheit. Our Rhode Island lobster fishery is crashing, and our winter flounder fishery is prac-tically gone. I know that the New Hampshire fishery is equally stressed. With real alarm, Rhode Island’s clam-mers, lobstermen, fish farmers, and shellfish growers are all watching the damage acidified seas are doing. This is the cost of climate change in the oceans. We are approaching a point of no re-turn. The U.N. Environment Pro-gramme’s Emissions Gap Report, re-leased earlier this month, warned that unless reductions in carbon pollution from the energy sector are taken swift-ly, it will be nearly impossible to keep warming below 2 degrees Celsius and avoid widespread catastrophes. The re-port says that the next 3 years are ‘‘likely the last chance’’ to limit global warming to safe limits in this cen-tury—likely the last chance to make a difference. But Republicans in this Senate want to do nothing about it. Once upon a time, Republicans joined Democrats in pushing for action on cli-mate. Senator M
CCAINran for Presi-dent on a strong climate change plat-form and was the lead cosponsor of the Climate Stewardship Act, which would have created a market-based emissions cap-and-trade program to reduce car-bon dioxide and other heat-trapping pollutants from the biggest U.S. sources. At the time Senator M
CCAIN said: 
While we cannot say with 100 percent con-fidence what will happen in the future, we do know the emission of greenhouse gases is not healthy for the environment. As many of the top scientists through the world have stated, the sooner we start to reduce these emis-sions, the better off we will be in the future. Other Republicans got behind cap- and-trade proposals. Senator C
ARPER ’s Clean Air Planning Act at one time or another counted Senators A
LEXANDER , G
RAHAM , and C OLLINS among its sup-porters. Senator C
OLLINS later coau-thored her own important cap-and- trade bill with Senator C
ANTWELL . Senator K
IRKvoted for the Waxman- Markey cap-and-trade bill in the House. Senator F
LAKE , then rep-resenting Arizona in the House, was an original cosponsor of the Raise Wages, Cut Carbon Act to reduce payroll taxes for employers and employees in ex-change for equal revenue from a carbon tax. So what happened? Why did this steady heartbeat of Republican climate action suddenly flatline in 2010? Some-thing happened in 2010. What happened was the Supreme Court’s disgraceful 2010 decision in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission, where, in a nutshell, the Court ruled that corporations are peo-ple and money is speech, and so there can be no limit to corporate money in-fluencing American elections. When Citizens United uncorked all that big, dark money and allowed it to cast its bullying shadow over Congress, Republicans walked back from any major climate legislation. Rather than freeing up open debate, Citizens United effectively ended any honest debate in Congress on the climate crisis. Unlimited corporate spending in poli-tics can, indeed, corrupt—and not just through floods of anonymous attack advertisements. It can corrupt secretly and, more dangerously, through the mere threat of that spending, through private threats and promises. Some-times, the fossil fuel industry threat to politicians who don’t toe their line is not so subtle. The Koch brothers- backed political juggernaut Americans for Prosperity has openly promised to punish candidates who support curbs on carbon pollution and has openly taken credit for the ‘‘political peril’’— to use their words—that organization created for Republicans on climate change. Since 2010, the fossil fuel industry strategy has been to crush Republican opposition to prohibit Republicans from working with Democrats on cli-mate change so that the industry can disguise what is basically old-fashioned special-interest pleading as a partisan issue in America’s culture wars. I don’t know if you remember the alien in the movie ‘‘Men in Black’’ who climbed into the skin and clothing of the unfortunate farmer. That is what the fossil fuel industry has done to the Republican Party since Citizens United. The industry has a lot at stake. The International Monetary Fund has re-ported the American subsidy for the U.S. fossil fuel industry at nearly $700 billion a year—that is billion with a ‘‘b’’—and every year. I ask you, how much trouble would an industry go to to protect a $700 billion-per-year sub-sidy? A growing body of scholarship is ex-amining the science denial apparatus protecting the fossil fuel industry— how it is funded, how it communicates, and how it propagates the denial mes-sage. That research includes work by Harvard’s Naomi Oreskes, Michigan State’s Aaron McCright, Oklahoma State’s Riley Dunlap, Yale’s Justin Farrell, Drexel’s Robert Brulle, and others. Industrial powers fighting to obscure the harms their products cause isn’t new. They operate from a well-worn playbook that was used for industrial contaminants and health hazards such as DDT, CFCs, and, of course, particu-larly tobacco. It is the ultimate special interest lobbying. President-Elect Trump campaigned on a pledge of draining the swamp of big special interests controlling Wash-ington. Yet leading the transition at the Environmental Protection Agency for the Trump administration is Myron Ebell, the poster child of industry- backed climate denial. Mr. Ebell is the director of energy and environment at the Competitive Enterprise Institute, a corporate front group that has special-ized in undermining tobacco, climate, and other science. CEI received mil-lions of dollars from ExxonMobil, the Koch family, coal companies Murray and Massey, and the identity-laun-dering groups Donors Trust and Donors Capital. CEI and Myron Ebell are the quintessential DC swamp creatures. Politico reports that Ebell was a vet-eran of the tobacco regulation wars. Jeremy Symons of the Environmental Defense Fund credits Ebell with ‘‘tak-ing the tobacco playbook and applying it to climate change.’’ And on climate, Jerry Taylor of the libertarian Niskanen Center says Ebell was ‘‘in-volved in marshaling allies, building a skeptic movement and enforcing that political orthodoxy as best he could in the Republican Party.’’ Ebell criticizes scientists for working outside their degreed fields, but it turns out he isn’t even a scientist him-self. After college, he studied political theory at the London School of Eco-nomics and history at Cambridge. He has even criticized Pope Francis’s encyclical on climate change, calling it ‘‘scientifically ill-informed, economi-cally illiterate, intellectually incoher-ent and morally obtuse.’’ That is rich right there—an outspoken climate contrarian whose organization receives fossil fuel money calling Pope Francis morally obtuse. Well, the President-elect mocked Re-publican politicians when they went groveling before the Koch brothers at their ‘‘beg-a-thon,’’ as the President- elect called it, but now he is busy fill-ing his staff with Koch operatives. Donald Trump may have won the Pres-idency, but with operatives like Myron 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.030 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6540 November 29, 2016 
Ebell, the Koch brothers are moving in to run the Presidency. The new President, however, will hear from our military, he will hear from our National Labs, and he will hear from NASA, which, with a rover driving around on Mars right now, may actually know a little science, that this is deadly serious. I encourage President-Elect Trump to listen to the voices of reason and ex-pertise, not to the swamp things. Don’t, Mr. President-Elect, be taken in by industry lobbyists and front groups scratching and clawing to protect a $700 billion conflict of interest. Con-sider, Mr. President-elect, listening to your children, who joined you just 7 years ago in saying climate science was ‘‘irrefutable’’ and portends ‘‘cata-strophic and irreversible’’ con-sequences. That is what you and they said just 7 years ago. Madam President, let’s assume some-thing. Let’s assume that all our Na-tional Labs, NASA and NOAA, our military leaders, our home State uni-versities across our 50 States, hundreds of major American companies, and the more than 190 different nations that signed the Paris climate agreement are all actually not deluded about climate change, that they are not part of a hoax. If that is so, if these trained ex-pert scientists who don’t labor under a $700 billion-per-year conflict of interest are telling the truth, then the fossil fuel industry’s science denial operation is a fraud. As a fraud, it is a particu-larly evil one because in order to achieve its goal, the industry has to drag down the Government of the United States or at least the Congress of the United States to its level. The fossil fuel industry maintains a science denial operation and a political influ-ence operation designed and intended to willfully sabotage the proper oper-ation of a branch of the Government of the United States. We ought to all have a problem when a powerful special in-terest is willing to damage our Amer-ican experiment in democracy just to achieve its selfish ends. As a Senator, John F. Kennedy once said this: 
Let us not despair but act. Let us not seek the Republican answer or the Democratic an-swer, but the right answer. Let us not seek to fix the blame for the past. Let us accept our own responsibility for the future. 
Solutions to climate change need be neither Republican nor Democratic. They do need to be based on sound science and healthy and open debate. And we will be a stronger and more re-spected country if they are American solutions, if we are leading the world, not tailing along behind other coun-tries. For a country like ours that claims to stand as an example—as a city on a hill, we call it—a country that benefits from the power of our example around the world, this horrible example of out- of-control special interest influence will have lasting consequences. We have a role to play in this world, we Americans, and it is time we got about it. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, let me also take a moment to add to my climate remarks my apprecia-tion to Dr. Gifford Wong, who is here with me on the floor today. He has been helpful in my office as a trained expert scientist and has helped with many of these speeches. He is leaving us this week after working as a fellow on my staff for over a year. I am proud to have had him serve in my office, and I wish him well. This is his last climate speech with me. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Senator withhold? Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Yes, the Senator withholds. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, I want to commend Senator WHITEHOUSE  for his 150th climate speech. It takes a lot of passion, a lot of research, and a lot of focus to be willing to stay on one topic in the Senate for that many con-secutive speeches. There are a lot of things that are important in the Sen-ate and it is easy to get distracted, but Senator W
HITEHOUSE remains stead-fast, focused, and passionate, and his-tory will show that S
HELDON WHITE-
HOUSE was right and is right. I am proud to be his colleague. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Thank you, sir. 
f 
CONTINUING RESOLUTION Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, I am here to speak on another topic, actu-ally, and that is what we are about to do with respect to appropriations. This Congress was told by the major-ity leader that the Senate would return to the regular order, and I have no doubt he intended to make good on that promise. I know he is an appropri-ator. I know he is an institutionalist, and he really wanted to get back to the regular order. We were given assur-ances that keeping the government funded would be an orderly and bipar-tisan process, and it was true at the committee level, but that was then, and today we are far from that prom-ise. Today the Republican leadership, led by House leadership, has refused to complete funding bills for the current fiscal year. And what is so confounding for the folks who pay attention and who believe in the appropriations proc-ess, who believe in our constitutional prerogative, our constitutional obliga-tion to hold the pursestrings and to use that authority to be a proper check on the executive branch, is that simply kicking the can down the road and passing another short-term CR doesn’t result in anything conservative at all. Many in this Chamber talk passion-ately about the need to eliminate gov-ernment waste, fraud, and abuse, and yet a CR does exactly none of that. It does the opposite. It means programs that should be eliminated altogether will keep getting funded and programs that are working well and are critical but are in need of additional funding will remain underfunded. A CR puts the government on autopilot, stopping us from shifting investments to the most critical areas and decreasing funding for programs that are not working or are no longer needed. For example, the CR does not support ac-celerated counter-ISIL operations in Iraq and Syria; it defers work on the Iron Dome, delaying protection for Israel from long-range Iranian mis-siles; it underfunds the DOD’s basic op-erations and maintenance account by $12 billion; and it delays cyber security efforts led by the Department of Home-land Security. The CR also delays crit-ical funding needed to address the opioid crisis—something I know the Presiding Officer cares passionately about. Both House and Senate bills provide large increases to fund drug abuse prevention, but the funding will remain flat under the CR. We are on autopilot. We are not doing our job. We are abdicating our oversight role in the appropriations process. There are actually two problems here. One is that things that need to be funded are not funded and things that should be eliminated or funded less are still funded. I don’t see what is con-servative about that. But the other re-sult in a lot of ways is more insidious from the perspective of the Constitu-tion and from the perspective of this institution, and that is, to the extent and degree that members of the admin-istration, regardless of party, listen to members of the legislative branch, it is because we hold the purse strings. It is because we hold the purse strings. And every time we fail to do an authoriza-tion, every time we fail to do an appro-priation, we are just shifting authority and clout to the executive. There is nothing conservative about that. There is a mistaken assumption that running up against our funding dead-line will somehow pressure the Con-gress into doing its job. What is crazy to me is that we have now 5 or 6 or 7 years of proof that doesn’t work—this idea that what we should do is take dif-ficult decisions and have them coincide with other difficult decisions and coin-cide with an even bigger difficult deci-sion and then wrap it all up in a bow and do it at once. There may have been a time in the 1970s, 1980s, or 1990s where we could create these omnibus solu-tions, where we could get to these grand bargains, but what we need to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.046 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6541 November 29, 2016 
now is to hit a few singles. We need to do a few rational things. The idea that what we should do is take the debt ceiling and the expira-tion of the CR and put them together just doesn’t make any sense. It was proven wrong by the government shut-down of 16 days in the year 2013. The administration estimated that had up to a $6 billion impact on the economy. NIH studies were delayed, national parks were shuttered, transportation and energy projects were postponed, and FDA’s routine food safety inspec-tions were pushed back. This is not fis-cal conservatism. This is not any kind of conservatism. The idea of being a conservative, as I understand it—and I will grant you that I am a progressive, so it is not to-tally clear to me—is the idea that what you do may have unintended con-sequences and that whatever changes you make ought to be incremental and ought to respect the institutions that have gotten America this far. This is not a conservative result, to kick the can into the next spring, when we have no idea whether we are going to be able to solve multiple problems at the same time. If we want govern-ment to work, piling up all these issues and leaving it to a new administration to deal with in the spring will likely not work. We should finish the work we were elected to do and complete the funding bills for this fiscal year. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BERNARDA ‘‘BERNIE’’ WONG Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want to take a few moments to acknowledge Bernarda ‘‘Bernie’’ Wong, founder and president of the Chinese American Service League, CASL—and Esther Wong, cofounder and executive director of CASL. Earlier this year, Bernie and Esther announced they would be retir-ing on December 31, 2016. Nearly 40 years ago, along with eight Chinese American friends, Bernie and Esther gathered over potluck dinners to discuss the needs of the Chinese community in Chicago. These discus-sions led to the creation of the Chinese American Service League, commonly referred to as CASL. CASL began with the goal of teaching English as a sec-ond language to Chinese immigrants. But today, because of Bernie’s leader-ship, CASL has become one of the larg-est Asian American social service orga-nizations in the country, providing so-cial support services from early child-hood development through elder care. Born and raised in Hong Kong, Bernie moved to the United States in 1962 at the age of 18. Like many immigrants, Bernie came to the United States to further her education. She was awarded a full scholarship to attend Briar Cliff University in Sioux City, IA, and grad-uated in 1962 with a degree in social work. Before moving to Chicago, Ber-nie received her master’s degree in so-cial work from Washington University in St. Louis. Social work was in her blood. Her mother used tell her, ‘‘Share and give. Even if you don’t have much, you share it . . .’’ And that is exactly what Bernie did, but it didn’t come easy. When Bernie first came to Chi-cago, she faced push back from commu-nity leaders. They didn’t want an out-sider coming in and shining a light on their problems. Some considered it shameful. But that didn’t stop Bernie. She went to the United Way and ex-plained what she was trying to do. In 1979, they awarded her a special grant. She used it to start CASL. Today Bernie’s vision for Chinese im-migrants in Chicago has grown from an annual budget of $32,000 to $13 million and a handful of employees to 450, serv-ing more than 17,000 of the commu-nity’s most vulnerable. She once said, ‘‘It’s my job to know what the people in this community need. Then we can make a program available that will help them.’’ That guiding principle has led Bernie and Esther to launch and oversee each of CASL’s programs giv-ing immigrants the tools to succeed in America, such as senior and child care services, family counseling, financial education, and employment training. Bernie has been the recipient of nu-merous awards, including the Cham-pion of Change Award given by Presi-dent Obama for her extraordinary lead-ership in the community. Her other awards include United Way of Chi-cago’s Executive of the Year Award; Crain’s Chicago ‘‘100 Most Influential Women of Chicago;’’ and the Chicago Historical Society’s Jane Addams Mak-ing History Award. Bernie also chaired the Chicago mayor’s advisory council on Asian affairs and was the first Asian appointed to the boards of United Way of Chicago and the Chicago Public Li-brary. And just last month, her years of service were recognized with her very own street: Bernarda ‘‘Bernie’’ Wong Way, right outside the Chinese American Service League. What an honor. Since CASL’s beginning, Esther Wong has been a faithful founding member. For more than two decades, she has served as chair of the program committee. Esther has been integral in CASL’s success. So much so that, in 2002, Esther was recruited to assume the newly created executive director position. In this role, Esther has been responsible for expanding CASL’s pro-grams to include housing and financial education. She has also overseen sev-eral significant infrastructure im-provements that have allowed CASL to provide critical safety net programs to the Chicagoland community. As a re-cipient of the mayor’s Commission on Women’s Affairs’ Woman of the Year Award and the Asian American Coali-tion of Chicago’s Community Services Award, Esther served on countless boards in the Asian American and im-migrant community. She continues to serve on the boards of the National Co-alition for Asian Pacific American Community Development, the Coali-tion for Limited English Speaking El-derly, and the Chicago Jobs Council. I will close with this. A few years ago, the Chicago Tribune interviewed Bernie. They asked how she would like to be remembered if she ever retired. She recalled a time when a janitor was sitting down eating lunch in the cafe-teria. In China, you don’t sit with your boss, so he was trying to leave. Bernie said, ‘‘No, sit down.’’ He told her, ‘‘I’ve never seen a boss who wanted to in-clude you.’’ That is Bernie Wong’s leg-acy. She simply wants people to know she cares and to make people feel in-cluded. After a career spanning nearly four decades at CASL, providing com-prehensive and inclusive programs for immigrants and helping generations born in America realize their dreams, one thing is clear: Bernie and Esther care. I want to congratulate Bernie and Esther on two wonderful careers and thank them for their service to our community. I wish them and their hus-bands, Albert and David, all the best in the next chapter of their lives. f 
ISRAELI-PALESTINIAN WOMEN WAGE PEACE MOVEMENT Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, for dec-ades people around the world have wit-nessed seemingly intractable conflict in the Middle East, and those who live there have suffered through genera-tions of violence. While the peace sought for that region has been elusive, organizations such as the Arava Insti-tute for Environmental Studies in Southern Israel have continued the struggle to promote conflict resolution and unity to counter forces of hate and violence. Vermont Rabbi Michael Cohen is one of the founding faculty members of the Arava Institute. In October, Rabbi Cohen wrote of the Women Wage Peace movement in Israel after thousands of people from different political and religious back-grounds joined together to march in support of peace in that troubled re-gion. The Women Wage Peace movement, founded by a small group of Israeli women, has grown over the years in both force and numbers. Its mission: to demand a peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians. The rallies took place throughout the country, with a final march, the March of Hope, taking place in Jerusalem. Rabbi Cohen, together with many other students, staff, and faculty of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.047 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6542 November 29, 2016 
Arava Institute and community mem-bers from Kibbutz Ketura where he cur-rently teaches, attended one of the ral-lies at the official Israeli-Jordanian border crossing along the Eilat prome-nade, and, the following day, at Qasr al-Yahud, the Jordan River baptismal site. At the baptismal site one of the members of Kibbutz Ketura recognized a man sitting on the Jordanian side of the river who had visited the Arava In-stitute earlier in the summer. The man had come to support the March of Hope from the Jordanian side, while mem-bers of the Arava Institute showed their support from the Israeli side. The two men exchanged warm words from across the river epitomizing the goals of the movement. The Middle East is facing one of its most unstable and dangerous periods in modern history. Entities like the Arava Institute, along with the Women Wage Peace movement, offer hope that peaceful coexistence is possible in the Middle East. Women, men, Israelis, Palestinians, Christians, Muslims, Jews, youth, and elders have joined to-gether to remind us that we are all connected as members of one inter-national community. I ask unanimous consent that Rabbi Cohen’s October 26, 2016, post, ‘‘A rabbi in the desert: A reminder of what can be,’’ from the Arava Institute blog be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[Oct. 26, 2016] A R
ABBI IN THE DESERT : A R EMINDER OF  W
HATCANBE When I was five I attended my first polit-ical rally. It was the March on Trenton which paralleled the famous March on Wash-ington and Martin Luther King’s ‘‘I have a Dream Speech.’’ The event in Trenton, New Jersey, as well as others around the country, were held for people who could not make it to the nation’s capital to show nationwide support for the message of the event. Fast forward fifty-three years later, and the grassroots Israeli-Palestinian ‘‘Women Wage Peace’’ movement decided on the same format; rallies throughout the country fol-lowed by a rally in Jerusalem. So during the week of the Sukkot holiday, I found myself standing at the official Israeli-Jordanian border crossing between Eilat and Aqaba with members of the southern Arava valley communities including Kibbutz Ketura and students, staff, and faculty of the Arava In-stitute. The message of the rally was women demanding, with men invited to participate, a model of political leadership that would transform decades of failure when it comes to a settlement of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict. ‘‘Right, Center, Left Demand a Peace Agreement’’ was the slogan of the rally. After a march along the Eilat prome-nade there were a number of speeches includ-ing one by the mayor of Eilat. The following day many of us got up before the sun so we could travel first to Qasr al- Yahud, the Jordan River Baptist site and then onto Jerusalem. At Qasr al-Yahud we joined together with hundreds of Palestin-ians. People shared smiles, food, and a sense of doing something important together. It was a powerful sight as we marched, many hand in hand, from the gathering point to the baptismal site. There, participants mingled with Christian pilgrims who had come to the site for bap-tism ceremonies. The Jordan River at that point is some fifteen feet wide and on both sides steps allow pilgrims easy access to its holy waters. A member of Kibbutz Ketura pointed out a man with white beard sitting on the Jordanian side of the river who had visited the Arava Institute shortly after our arrival this summer! He owns a farm near that spot and is working with Dr. Clive Lipchin, the Director of our Center for Transboundary Water Management, and Arava alumnus and researcher Suleiman Halasah, to install the prototype of a new solar desalination system in Jordan. He came to support the March from the Jor-danian side of the border. I called across the river and border. He immediately recognized me and we had a conversation much to the delight and surprise of those who listened to us. This extraordinary encounter modelled what the Arava Institute is capable of cre-ating, and by extension what the Women Wage Peace event was all about. The rally was addressed by Liberian Nobel Peace Prize laureate Leymah Roberta Gbowee, whose story of empowerment, brav-ery, and strength resonated with the march-ers. From Qasr al-Yahud we continued on our way to Jerusalem, where our numbers swelled to 20,000 as we marched past Israeli government ministry buildings, the Knesset, the Prime Minister’s office, the President’s House, and finally ended up a block from the Prime Minister’s residence. The marchers’ spirits were uplifted by the sight of so many people snaking their way through the streets and neighborhoods of Jerusalem. At the final rally, Yael Deckelbaum led us in her touch-ing song ‘‘Prayer of the Mothers’’. The day was called the March of Hope. Hope is one of the great motivating forces in our lives; it allows us to reach forward to what we want. The day was a strong re-minder of what can be. The activities of the Arava Institute are daily reminders that hope can also be lived as a reality. f 
RECOGNIZING ALLENHOLM FARM AND THE ALLEN FAMILY Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Vermonters understand the value of hard work and perseverance, and we take pride in passing those values from generation to generation. Our commu-nities thrive on family-owned busi-nesses built on these values. They form the roots of success in our Green Moun-tain State, and it is those who own and operate them who are providing the leadership that will carry our State into the future. Today I want to recog-nize one exceptional Vermont family for the success of their multigenera-tional Vermont enterprise and their continued commitment to Vermont values. Founded in 1870, Allenholm Farm is Vermont’s largest apple orchard. At its helm is Ray W. Allen, whose great- grandfather Rueben Allen planted the farm’s first apple trees more than 150 years ago, and Ray’s wife and partner, Pam. After graduating from the Uni-versity of Vermont with a degree in ag-riculture, Ray returned to the family farm he had worked as a child, eventu-ally purchasing it from his father in 1960. More than five decades of running the farm haven’t slowed Ray down, and he can still be found fixing machinery, giving tours of the orchard, and load-ing delicious Vermont apples into trucks for shipment. Like many Vermont businessowners, Ray knows the value of diversification. In addition to the apples it sells to local grocery stores and cider makers, the farm harvests raspberries, blue-berries, and cherries, some of which are sold to Vermont’s world-renowned Al-chemist Brewery. Ray and Pam, his wife of 31 years, work together to make hundreds of apple pies that are then baked fresh on demand. The autumn season brings thousands of guests, often multigenerational families them-selves, for pick-your-own apples and visits to Willie and Sassafras, the farm’s pet donkeys. Visitors may also enjoy maple creemees, a soft serve ice cream that is as unique to the State as the patented Vermont Gold apple vari-ety is to Allenholm Farm. Ray’s dedication to his farm is matched only by his commitment to his family’s legacy. As he hands down his knowledge of the apple business to his children, grandchildren, and now great-grandchildren, he passes on something else: a commitment to building on the past to create a suc-cessful Vermont for future generations. I ask unanimous consent that an Oc-tober 1 story from the Burlington Free Press about the successful Allenholm Farm in South Hero, VT, be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Burlington Free Press, Oct. 1, 2016] L
OCALVORE SINCE 1870 ATALLENHOLM FARM 
INSOUTH HERO (By Sally Pollak) S
OUTH HERO.—When the apple pies are sold out, the goats are spitting out grain-filled ice cream cones, and the porta-potties need to be emptied, it’s been a busy weekend at Allenholm Farm. Count last weekend as very busy. Thou-sands of people visited the South Hero or-chard, the owners estimated. ‘‘The groups were really big,’’ co-owner Pam Allen said. ‘‘Generational groups.’’ Allenholm Farm, founded in 1870, is itself multi-generational—seven and counting. The farm in South Hero is thought to be the old-est commercial orchard in the state, accord-ing to its owner, Ray W. Allen. Allen, who will turn 80 next month, has owned and oper-ated the farm for 56 years. His great-grand-father, Ruben Allen, planted the first apple trees at the farm almost 150 years ago; the last of the original trees died in 1978. At one time, Allenholm Farm was a diver-sified family farm with dairy cows, sheep, hogs and poultry, horses for plowing. These days, the 275-acre farm is primarily an apple orchard, with 2,000 trees growing on roughly 25 acres. The farm also produces cherries, berries, pears and pumpkins. Farm animals are confined, mostly, to a petting zoo, though a donkey named Willy sometimes strolls down South Street, site of the farm. That’s when Ray C. Allen, sheriff of Grand Isle County and son of Ray W. Allen, telephones his stepmother with a mes-sage: ‘‘Your husband’s ass is in the middle of the road again,’’ the sheriff tells her. This is family duty, he said. Not law and order. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.048 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6543 November 29, 2016 
Ray W. Allen, steadfast and true to the farm, is also a bit of a wanderer. Over the years he has gone off to high school at Lyn-don Institute in the Northeast Kingdom; run 25 marathons; appeared on stage in commu-nity theater, served as a trustee at the Uni-versity of Vermont, his alma mater; and vol-unteered as an EMT—late-night calls before early-morning chores. Monday morning he was up at 3:15 for a bank run to deposit the weekend’s cash. At 4:30, he was back home in his kitchen, hand- mixing pie dough for some of the 2,500 pies Allenholm Farm makes each year. (Ray Allen mixes the dough; Pam Allen makes the filling.) At 5 a.m., he and his grandson, Brandon Allen, met at the big gray storage shed across from the farmstand to load trucks with boxes of apples for delivery to Hanna-ford supermarkets. ‘‘It’s a good time,’’ Brandon Allen said. ‘‘Quality bonding time at 5 in the morning.’’ 
STORIED HISTORY OF APPLE PRODUCTION  The Champlain Islands have a long history of quality apple production, said Terry Brad-shaw, apple specialist at UVM and director of its Horticulture Research Center. The lake climate—which makes for a cooler sum-mer and protects against frost—provides su-perior growing and ripening conditions, espe-cially for McIntosh apples, he said. In addi-tion, access to the lake in the early 20th cen-tury meant transportation for shipping fruit north to the port of Montreal and south to New York. ‘‘It’s historic,’’ Bradshaw said of Allenholm Farm. The history dates to the founding of Vermont. Pam Allen, Ray Allen’s second wife, is a descendant of Thomas Chittenden, Vermont’s first governor. Ray Allen de-scends from Moses Robinson, the state’s sec-ond governor. ‘‘Illegitimate,’’ Allen said of his ancestry. More recent farm history includes the end of dairying about half a century ago, and getting in on the craft beer boom. Allen sells his cherries to the Alchemist, the Stowe brewery that makes Heady Topper. The cher-ries are used in a beer called Petit Mutant. Perks of this job include beer delivery to the farm by Alchemist brewer John Kimmich. ‘
COOL GUY ’ But the main crop is apples, and the pri-mary variety is McIntosh. A crew of six sea-sonal farm workers from Jamaica are the apple pickers. The men live at the farm in a former dairy barn converted to housing. Win-ston Waugh, from St. Ann, Jamaica, has worked at Allenholm Farm for about 20 years. ‘‘He’s a cool guy,’’ Waugh said of Ray Allen. ‘‘He’s quite OK.’’ Picking is hard work, Waugh said, espe-cially in cold weather. It’s crucial not to bruise the fruit, he said. The season’s dry weather calls for ‘‘selec-tive picking,’’ Allen said, as opposed to strip-ping a tree of fruit. Selective picking yields 50 to 60 bushels of apples per day per picker, he said. When you strip a tree, an apple-pick-er brings in about 90 bushels a day. The size of the apples is important, too. Apples that are three or more inches in di-ameter are worth $40 a bushel; two-and-a- half to three inches are worth about $30 a bushel; less than two-and-a-half inches sell for $5.50 to $7 a bushel, Allen said. In the winter and into spring, before the apple trees bloom, Allen is in his orchards pruning trees. He fixes machinery and works in the farm store, which is open until Christ-mas Eve. Last spring, Allen had surgery to replace both his knees. He wore them out not from farming or running, but by wearing Western- style boots 365 days a year, he said. Allen didn’t want to sit around on the couch, drink beer, and feel sorry for himself, so he chal-lenged himself to be active. Within six days, he was driving around the farm. ‘‘He’s a character,’’ his son said. His roles include welcoming visitors to Allenholm Farm and leading tours. Allen ex-pects future generations will fulfill these and other duties; but he has no plans to retire. ‘‘I would hate to be the one to lose it,’’ he said. ‘‘This is the 146th year. I sure don’t want to be the first one to lose the farm.’’ f CONSUMER REVIEW FAIRNESS ACT Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, as chair-man of the Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee, which has jurisdiction over consumer protection matters, I introduced the bipartisan Consumer Review Freedom Act last year, along with Senators S
CHATZ and M
ORAN , and cosponsored by Senators M
CCASKILL , DAINES , BLUMENTHAL , NEL-
SON, BOOKER , and W YDEN , to address a growing and alarming trend affecting American consumers in the United States. Some businesses are slipping so-called gag clauses into form con-tracts to stop consumers from pro-viding critical feedback to the public, even when that feedback is an honest reflection of the consumer experience. This legislation, and companion leg-islation agreed to in the House of Rep-resentatives would invalidate non-disparagement clauses in form con-tracts and make it unlawful for a per-son to offer or enter into a contract containing a nonnegotiable nondispar-agement clause. Both bills contain a rule of construction to clarify that the legislation should not be construed to affect the right of a Web site owner to remove a review that ‘‘contains the personal information or likeness of an-other person or is libelous, harassing, abusive, obscene, vulgar, sexually ex-plicit, or inappropriate with respect to race, gender, sexuality, ethnicity, or other intrinsic characteristic.’’ This language is simply intended to preserve the existing ability of Web site operators to enforce such terms of service. For example, it would—and is intended to—preserve the ability of a business to remove language from its Web site that includes inappropriate or harassing references to someone’s reli-gion, physical disability, or similar characteristic. As highlighted at the Commerce Committee hearing on this legislation, the intent is not to regu-late speech; the intent is to ensure that consumers are protected against fees and penalties imposed pursuant to form contracts for engaging in honest reviews of goods and services. I am pleased that the Senate has passed the latest version of this legisla-tion and that it will be headed to the President’s desk for signature. I thank my colleagues for their support of this measure. 
f 
HONORING CHARLES E. RUDLER Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Charles E. Rudler, a World War II infantry soldier and pris-oner of war who selflessly served his Nation with distinction. Born in Linesville, PA, on March 26, 1925, Charles Rudler was an 18-year-old truck driver when he began his service in the U.S. Army in 1943. Serving as a rifleman during WWII, he landed on the beaches of Normandy and fought through northern France, the Ardennes, and Central Europe. Unfortunately, Rudler was captured while fighting the Nazis and held as a POW through the end of the war at Stalag 3A, a brutal prison and work camp near Brandenburg, Germany. He survived this ordeal and separated from the service at the end of the war with an honorable discharge in 1945. For his bravery and determination, Rudler has been awarded the WWII Vic-tory Medal, the American Campaign Medal, the Good Conduct Medal, a Pur-ple Heart, and the European-African- Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with four Bronze Stars. For these reasons, I wish to honor Charles Rudler for his service and sac-rifice in defense of our Nation. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
250TH ANNIVERSARY OF LEMPSTER, NEW HAMPSHIRE ∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to Lempster, NH— a town in Sullivan County that is cele-brating the 250th anniversary of its founding. I am delighted to join citi-zens across the Granite State in recog-nizing this historic occasion. The territory was originally discov-ered in 1735. In 1753 it was regranted and named Dupplin after a leader of Nova Scotia at the time. Lempster, named for Sir Thomas Fermor of Lempster, England, received its cur-rent name after it was regranted a final time in 1767. Lempster is located in the center of western New Hampshire and consists of three parts: East Lempster, Dodge Hol-low, and Keyes Hollow. With a popu-lation of 1,154 residents, this close-knit town may be best known for its meet-inghouse that is more than 200 years old. The meetinghouse is a source of great pride for Lempster and embodies its deep historical roots. The town of Lempster is also home to a number of unique landmarks, includ-ing New Hampshire’s first wind farm. Additionally, Lempster also received the first electric pole under the Rural Electrification Act on December 4, 1939. Nestled among these landmarks are beautiful recreational areas that allow the residents of Lempster and countless visitors the ability to enjoy all that the Granite State has to offer. On behalf of all Granite Staters, I am pleased to offer my congratulations to the citizens of Lempster on reaching this special milestone, and I thank them for their many contributions to the life and spirit of the State of New Hampshire.∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.037 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6544 November 29, 2016 
PLAISTOW FIRE DEPARTMENT’S 101ST ANNIVERSARY ∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Plaistow Fire De-partment, as this year marks the 101st anniversary of its founding. The department was established on August 9, 1915, and was originally known as the Plaistow Volunteer Fire Company. It was formed with the ob-jective of providing better fire protec-tion for the community and served as an active working organization in order to protect the citizens of Plaistow. In 1915, the town noted ‘‘we have a village, the best in the State and would seem almost criminal not to protect our property and our beautiful shade trees, which, if destroyed by fire, would be a great loss to the town.’’ The Plaistow Fire Department is comprised of full-time and on-call staff who are dedicated and professional in-dividuals that are committed to serv-ing the town of Plaistow and our State. Importantly, Plaistow placed an em-phasis on inviting all of its residents to contribute to safety and ‘‘most ear-nestly invite the co-operation of every citizen in this matter of fire protection and extend a most cordial welcome to everyone to attend its meetings and try-outs.’’ Today the Plaistow Fire Department remains committed to responding to every call in a safe and professional manner to protect the lives and prop-erty of its citizens. We ask so much of our firefighters and first responders, and we will be forever grateful for the selfless nature of their service. On behalf of the people of New Hamp-shire, I join with the residents of Plaistow in celebrating the 101st anni-versary of the Plaistow Fire Depart-ment and wish them continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALINE SCHLEIFER ALVES 
DACOSTA ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Aline Schleifer Alves da Costa for her hard work as an intern in my Cheyenne of-fice. I recognize her efforts and con-tributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. Aline is a native of Brazil and a grad-uate of Laramie County Community College. She is a junior at the Univer-sity of Wyoming, studying inter-national relations. She has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Aline for the dedica-tion she has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her journey.∑ TRIBUTE TO LEANN BENTLEY ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Leann Bentley for her hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC, office. I recog-nize her efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wy-oming. Leann is a native of Laramie, WY, and a graduate of Laramie High School. She is a junior at the Univer-sity of Wyoming, studying business marketing with a concentration in sus-tainability and global markets. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Leann for the dedica-tion she has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her journey.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO DAULTON GRUBE ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Daulton Grube for his hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC, office. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my of-fice as well as to the State of Wyo-ming. Daulton is a native of Rock Springs, WY, and a graduate of Rock Springs High School. He attended the Univer-sity of Wyoming, where he studied microbiology. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Daulton for the dedi-cation he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TANNER HANSON ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Tanner Hanson for his hard work as an intern in the Senate Committee on Indian Af-fairs. I recognize his efforts and con-tributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. Tanner is a native of Ferndale, WA. He graduated from Reed College, where he studied history. He has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Tanner for the dedi-cation he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO THOMAS MYLER ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Thomas Myler for his hard work as an intern in my Casper office. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. Thomas is a native of Casper, WY, and a graduate of Natrona County High School. He is currently a second year at Casper College, studying commu-nications and multimedia. He has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Thomas for the dedi-cation he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SAM TANNER ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Sam Tan-ner for his hard work as an intern in the Republican Policy Committee. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. Sam is a native of Utah and a sopho-more at Central Wyoming College. He is studying business administration. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Sam for the dedica-tion he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ELIZABETH WALSH ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Elizabeth Walsh for her hard work as an intern in my Casper office. I recognize her ef-forts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. Elizabeth is a native of Glenrock, WY, and a graduate of Natrona County High School. She is currently in her second year of Casper College, where she studies international studies and world languages. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.033 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6545 November 29, 2016 
I want to thank Elizabeth for the dedication she has shown while work-ing for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her journey.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JAMES WILLSON ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to James Willson for his hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC, office. I recog-nize his efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wy-oming. James is a native of Cody, WY, and a graduate of Cody High School. He is a graduate of the University of Wyoming College of Law. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank James for the dedi-cation he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TOM COURTWAY ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor University of Central Arkansas president Tom Courtway who will retire as president of the univer-sity in December after nearly 15 years of dedication to higher education in Arkansas. President Courtway was appointed the 10th president of UCA in 2011, and he has proven himself to be a driving force in improving and expanding the campus for current and future stu-dents. His career has been marked by lead-ership and dedicated service, which will endure since he will continue to teach at UCA. During his time leading in higher education, he has always put students first and fought to ensure the community had opportunities to suc-ceed. President Courtway has been lauded for his steady leadership and has been entrusted to serve time and again. In addition to serving as president of the university, he previously represented UCA as general counsel, vice president, and interim president. President Courtway is a strong leader in central Arkansas’ dedication to academic vi-tality, diversity and integrity. He has also been actively engaged in the legislative process at the State level on behalf of his community. He served the 45th district in the Arkansas Legislature for 6 years, and he also spent a year as the interim director of the Arkansas Department of Edu-cation. President Courtway has served his community and State in a remark-able way, pursuing development and higher education opportunities for the good people of Conway. I congratulate President Courtway for his outstanding achievements in his career and thank him for his dedica-tion to education, students, and the community. I wish him all the best in retirement and know that his wife, Me-lissa, and the rest of his family will enjoy the opportunity to spend more time with him.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO JIM SPEARS ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor circuit judge Jim Spears who will be retiring in Decem-ber after serving the people of Sebas-tian County, AR, for more than 20 years. Judge Spears has been an active member of the legal community since graduating from the University of Ar-kansas School of Law in 1973. Described by those who know him as ‘‘kind, fair and approachable,’’ his 24 years pre-siding over the Sebastian County Cir-cuit’s Third Division have been a testa-ment to his commitment to the people of Arkansas. Those who have stood in court before Judge Spears have expressed their ut-most respect and admiration for his conduct and character. In addition to his passion for the law, his colleagues say that his commit-ment to civic involvement is equally important to his years on the bench. Judge Spears has worked closely with the Boy Scouts of America and served on the Arkansas Access to Justice Commission and as board chairman of the U.S. Marshals Museum. He has played a critical role in many commu-nity projects including leading the ef-fort to create a bronze statue of U.S. Marshal Bass Reeves. Judge Spears has been honored by many organizations for his efforts, in-cluding the Arkansas Bar Association’s Citizen Lawyer award in 2004 for his ex-emplary service to his community. I am honored to know Judge Spears and want to thank him for his distin-guished service as a leader in the jus-tice system and the community. I wish him the best in his well-earned retire-ment from the bench, and I look for-ward to watching him use his talents and passion to continue to serve Ar-kansas in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
DEDICATION OF THE GRANITE MOUNTAIN HOTSHOTS MEMO-RIAL STATE PARK ∑Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, today we honor the lives of 19 courageous Gran-ite Mountain Hotshots by celebrating the dedication of the Granite Mountain Hotshots Memorial State Park in Yarnell, AZ. I ask that this letter rec-ognizing the occasion be printed in the R
ECORD . The material follows: U.S. S ENATE , November 29, 2016. A
RIZONA STATE PARKS AND TRAILS , Granite Mountain Hotshots Memorial State Park, Yarnell, AZ. D
EARFRIENDS : In a proud but solemn mo-ment for all Arizonans, today we celebrate the dedication of the Granite Mountain Hot-shots Memorial State Park. The 2013 Yarnell Hill Fire was a tragedy that resulted in the lives of 19 brave and fearless Granite Mountain Hotshots. That fateful day on June 30, 2013 was the greatest loss of life for firefighters in a wildfire since 1933 and the greatest loss of firefighters in the United States since the September 11th attacks. This Memorial State Park is a most fitting tribute to these remarkable fire-fighters who selflessly risked their own lives to protect others and their community in the beautiful Arizona town of Yarnell. I thank Arizona State Parks and the Yarnell Hill Memorial Site Board, who made this designation possible. With this wonder-ful memorial, I hope the family and friends of those Hotshots who passed may find peace and comfort in this historic designation, which will forever preserve and honor the memory of these brave souls. My thoughts and prayers are with you all on this occasion, and I send best wishes for a memorable event. Sincerely, J
OHNMCCAIN, U.S. Senator.∑ f 
REMEMBERING RICHARD D. ROGERS ∑Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, it is my honor today to honor the life of a re-vered Kansan, U.S. District Court Judge Richard D. Rogers, who passed away on November 26 of this year at the age of 94. Richard Rogers was devoted to public service in every sense. He was a deco-rated veteran, having received the Dis-tinguished Flying Cross for his service flying 33 combat missions as a bom-bardier in World War II. He served the town of Manhattan, KS, as both its mayor and city commissioner. He served as a State legislator in both chambers of the Kansas Legislature, rising to the title of President of the Senate. And in 1975, President Gerald Ford appointed Richard Rogers to serve as a U.S. District Judge for the District of Kansas, a position he held for more than 40 years. Judge Rogers represented the very best of the greatest generation, unself-ishly giving of himself and his time to improve the lives of those around him. A graduate of Wamego High School, Kansas State University, and later the University of Kansas School of Law, he took an active interest in his State, its people, and their many different walks of life. His understanding of Kansans carried over to the courtroom where colleagues say Judge Rogers served with great wisdom and fairness. Judge Rogers’ contemporaries also remember him as a mentor and friend, someone often consulted for his breadth of knowledge, his geniality, and his humility until he stepped down from his position on the Federal bench on August 7, 2015. Richard Rogers was a pillar of the Manhattan and Topeka communities, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.040 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6546 November 29, 2016 
and his integrity, service, and devotion to justice will be forever remembered by the people of Kansas.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT RELATIVE TO AN ALTER-NATIVE PLAN FOR PAY IN-CREASES FOR CIVILIAN FED-ERAL EMPLOYEES COVERED BY THE GENERAL SCHEDULE AND CERTAIN OTHER PAY SYSTEMS IN JANUARY 2017—PM 57 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: I am transmitting an alternative plan for pay increases for civilian Fed-eral employees covered by the General Schedule and certain other pay sys-tems in January 2017. Title 5, United States Code, authorizes me to imple-ment alternative pay plans for pay in-creases for civilian Federal employees covered by the General Schedule and certain other pay systems if, because of ‘‘national emergency or serious eco-nomic conditions affecting the general welfare,’’ I view the adjustments that would otherwise take effect as inappro-priate. Civilian Federal employees made sig-nificant sacrifices as a result of the 3- year pay freeze that ended in January 2014. Since the pay freeze ended, annual adjustments for civilian Federal em-ployees have also been lower than pri-vate sector pay increases and statutory formulas for adjustments to the Gen-eral Schedule for 2014 through 2016. However, we must maintain efforts to keep our Nation on a sustainable fiscal course. This is an effort that continues to require tough choices under current economic conditions. Under current law, locality pay in-creases averaging 28.49 percent and costing $26 billion would go into effect in January 2017. Federal agency budg-ets cannot sustain such increases. In my August 31, 2016, alternative pay plan submission, I noted that the alter-native plan for locality payments will be limited so that the total combined cost of the 1.0 percent across-the-board base pay increase and the varying lo-cality pay increases will be 1.6 percent of basic payroll, consistent with the as-sumption in my 2017 Budget. Accord-ingly, I have determined that under the authority of section 5304a of title 5, United States Code, locality-based comparability payments for the local-ity pay areas established by the Presi-dent’s Pay Agent, in the amounts set forth in the attached table, shall be-come effective on the first day of the first applicable pay period beginning on or after January 1, 2017. The locality-based comparability payments for the locality pay rates in the attached table are based on an allo-cation of 0.6 percent of payroll as indi-cated in my August 31, 2016, alternative pay plan for adjustments to the base General Schedule. These decisions will not materially affect our ability to at-tract and retain a well-qualified Fed-eral workforce. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , November 29, 2016. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 6297. An act to reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–7671. A communication from the Dep-uty Secretary, Division of Swap Dealer and Intermediary Oversight, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Chief Compliance Officer Annual Report Require-ments for Futures Commission Merchants, Swap Dealers, and Major Swap Participants; Amendments to Filing Dates’’ (RIN3038– AE49) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7672. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Iran-Related Multi-lateral Sanctions Regime Efforts’’ covering the period August 7, 2015 to February 6, 2016; to the Committees on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; Finance; and Foreign Rela-tions. EC–7673. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the Central African Republic that was declared in Executive Order 13667 of May 12, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7674. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Syria that was declared in Executive Order 13338 of May 11, 2004; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7675. A communication from the Ad-ministrator and Chief Executive Officer, Bonneville Power Administration, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Administration’s Annual Report for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7676. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Interior, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Proposed Final Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) Oil and Gas Leasing Program 2017–2022’’; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7677. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Onshore Oil and Gas Operations; Federal and Indian Oil and Gas Leases; Measurement of Oil’’ (RIN1004–AE16) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7678. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Onshore Oil and Gas Operations; Federal and Indian Oil and Gas Leases; Measurement of Gas’’ (RIN1004–AE17) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7679. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Onshore Oil and Gas Operations; Federal and Indian Oil and Gas Leases; Site Security’’ (RIN1004–AE15) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7680. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Waste Prevention, Production Subject to Royalties, and Re-source Conservation’’ (RIN1004–AE14) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. EC–7681. A communication from the Sec-retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Department’s 2016 Report to Congress on the Transportation Infra-structure Finance and Innovation Act; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7682. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Operating Organization’’ (NUREG–0800) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7683. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Reactor Operator Qualifica-tion Program; Reactor Operator Training’’ (NUREG–0800) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7684. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.039 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6547 November 29, 2016 
a rule entitled ‘‘Seismic Classification’’ (NUREG–0800) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7685. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘System Quality Group Clas-sification’’ (NUREG–0800) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7686. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Management and Technical Support Organization’’ (NUREG–0800) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–7687. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Administrative Procedures - General’’ (NUREG–0800) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7688. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Non-Licensed Plant Staff Training’’ (NUREG–0800) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7689. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule: Leak Detection Methodology Revisions and Confidentiality Determinations for Petro-leum and Natural Gas Systems’’ ((RIN2060– AS73) (FRL–9955–12–OAR)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7690. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Formaldehyde Emission Standards for Composite Wood Products’’ ((RIN2070– AJ44) (FRL–9949–90)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7691. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Findings of Failure to Attain the 1997 PM2.5 Standards; California; San Joaquin Valley’’ (FRL–9955–53–Region 9) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works.; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–7692. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Designation of Areas for Air Quality Planning Purposes; Ohio; Redesignation of the Ohio Portion of the Campbell-Clermont KY–OH Sulfur Dioxide Nonattainment Area’’ (FRL–9955–37–Region 5) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7693. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Clarification of Requirements for Method 303 Certification Training’’ ((RIN2060–AR97) (FRL–9955–50–OAR)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–7694. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; FL Infrastructure Requirements for the 2010 1-hour NO2 NAAQS’’ (FRL–9955–49–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 18, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–7695. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval/Disapproval; AL Infrastructure Requirements’’ (FRL–9955–29– Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7696. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Addition of Hexabromocyclododecane (HBCD) Category; Community Right-to- Know Toxic Chemical Release Reporting’’ ((RIN2025–AA42) (FRL–9953–28)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7697. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Spodoptera frugiperda Multiple Nucleopolyhedrovirus strain 3AP2; Exemp-tion from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9953–40) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7698. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Endothall; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9953–97) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7699. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘DoD Environmental Labora-tory Accreditation Program (ELAP)’’ (RIN0790–AJ16) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7700. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation and Reg-ulations, Office of the Secretary, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establishing a More Effec-tive Fair Market Rent System; Using Small Area Fair Market Rents in the Housing Choice Voucher Program Instead of the Cur-rent 50th Percentile FMRs’’ (RIN2501–AD74) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–7701. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation and Reg-ulations, Office of the Secretary, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Violence Against Women Re-authorization Act of 2013: Implementation in HUD Housing Programs’’ (RIN2501–AD71) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–7702. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Com-merce Control List: Removal of Certain Nu-clear Nonproliferation (NP) Column 2 Con-trols’’ (RIN0694–AH04) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7703. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tem-porary General License: Extension of Valid-ity’’ (RIN0694–AG82) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7704. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of Community Planning and Development, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Equal Access to Housing in HUD’s Native American and Native Hawaiian Programs— Regardless of Sexual Orientation of Gender Identity’’ (RIN2506–AC40) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 28, 2016; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7705. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicaid Program: Final FY 2014 and Pre-liminary FY 2016 Disproportionate Share Hospital allotments, and Final FY 2014 and Preliminary FY 2016 Institutions for Mental Diseases Disproportionate Share Hospital Limits’’ ((RIN0938–ZB30) (CMS–2401-N)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7706. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘United States Property Held by Controlled Foreign Cor-porations in Transactions Involving Partner-ships; Rents and Royalties Derived in the Active Conduct of a Trade or Business’’ ((RIN1545–BJ48) (TD 9792)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 15, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–7707. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.011 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6548 November 29, 2016 
report of a rule entitled ‘‘Transaction of In-terest—Section 831(b) Micro-Captive Trans-actions’’ (Notice 2016–66) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 15, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–7708. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicaid and Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Programs: Eligi-bility Notices, Fair Hearing and Appeal Processes for Medicaid and Other Provisions Related to Eligibility and Enrollment for Medicaid and CHIP’’ ((RIN0938–AS27) (CMS– 2334-F2)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 28, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7709. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a waiver of sec-tion 1003 of Public Law 100–204 regarding the Palestine Liberation Organization Office; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7710. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations: Revision of U.S. Munitions List Categories VIII and XIX’’ (RIN1400–AD89) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–7711. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2016–0161 - 2016–0168); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7712. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Occupational Safety and Health, Department of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Walking-Working Surfaces and Personal Protective Equipment (Fall Protection Sys-tems)’’ (RIN1218–AB80) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7713. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Termi-nated Single-Employer Plans; Interest As-sumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7714. A communication from the Presi-dent and CEO, Inter-American Foundation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Founda-tion’s fiscal year 2016 Annual Management Report; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7715. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7716. A communication from the Chair of the Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semi-annual Report of the Inspector General and a Management Report for the period from April 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7717. A communication from the Staff Director, U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s Performance and Accountability Re-port for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7718. A communication from the Chair-man, National Mediation Board, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Annual Performance and Accountability Report for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7719. A communication from the Chief of the Border Security Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘The U.S. Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card Program’’ ((RIN1651– AB01) (CBP Dec. 16–20)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 21, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7720. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting proposed legislation entitled ‘‘U.S. Im-migration and Customs Enforcement Pay Reform Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7721. A communication from the Presi-dent and CEO, Inter-American Foundation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Founda-tion’s fiscal year 2016 Annual Management Report; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7722. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Government Ethics, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Executive Branch Ethics Program Amendments’’’ (RIN3209–AA42) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7723. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Technical Amendments’’ (FAC 2005–92) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 21, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7724. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation: Removal of Regulations Relat-ing to Telegraphic Communication’’ ((RIN9000–AN23) (FAC 2005–92)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 21, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7725. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Public Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Reduction Goals-Rep-resentation’’ ((RIN9000–AM90) (FAC 2005–92)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 21, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7726. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–92; Introduction’’ (FAC 2005–92) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 21, 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7727. A communication from the Chair-man, U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s Performance and Accountability Re-port for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7728. A communication from the Chair, Securities and Exchange Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2016 and the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7729. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, U.S. Agency for International Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency’s fiscal year 2016 Agency Finan-cial Report and the Uniform Resource Loca-tor (URL) for the report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7730. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Semiannual Report of the In-spector General for the period from April 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7731. A communication from the Chair-man, Federal Maritime Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Performance and Accountability Report for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7732. A communication from the Chair-man, Merit Systems Protection Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7733. A communication from the Chair-woman of the Federal Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s fiscal year 2016 Agency Financial Re-port and the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7734. A communication from the Chair-man, U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s Performance and Accountability Re-port for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7735. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report of a delay in submission of the Department of Defense Agency Financial Report (AFR) for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7736. A communication from the Staff Director, U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s Performance and Accountability Re-port for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7737. A communication from the Chair-man, National Mediation Board, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Annual Performance and Accountability Report for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7738. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of Im-port Restrictions Imposed on Certain Ar-chaeological and Ethnological Material from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.013 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6549 November 29, 2016 
Greece’’ (RIN1515–AE18) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 21, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7739. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–92; Small Entity Compliance Guide’’ (FAC 2005–92) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 21, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7740. A communication from the Chief of the Regulatory Coordination Division, Citizenship and Immigration Services, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Retention of EB–1, EB–2, and EB–3 Immigrant Workers and Program Improve-ments Affecting High-Skilled Nonimmigrant Workers’’ (RIN1615–AC05) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–7741. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of Financial As-sistance, Small Business Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Debt Refinancing in 504 Loan Program’’ (RIN3245–AG79) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 28, 2016; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. EC–7742. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–5589)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7743. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–0465)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7744. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–8464)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7745. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters Deutsch-land GmbH (Previously Eurocopter Deutsch-land GmbH) (Airbus Helicopters) Heli-copters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0578)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7746. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters Deutsch-land GmbH (Previously Eurocopter Deutsch-land GmbH) (Airbus Helicopters) Heli-copters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–5306)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7747. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–6538)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7748. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bell Helicopter Textron Can-ada Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9144)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7749. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Diamond Aircraft Industries GmbH Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9318)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7750. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Embraer S.A. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–8160)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7751. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Honeywell International Inc. Turboprop Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Dock-et No. FAA–2006–23706)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7752. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pratt and Whitney Division Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–5423)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7753. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Schempp-Hirth Flugzeugbau GmbH Gliders’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–6123)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7754. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Turbomeca S.A. Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–6990)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7755. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Engine Alliance Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2012–1293)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7756. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Prohibi-tion Against Certain Flights in the Sim-feropol (UKFV) and Dniproptrovsk (UKDV) Flight Information Regions (FIRs)’’ ((RIN2120–AK92) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0225)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7757. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bell Helicopter Textron’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3821)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7758. A communication from the Trial Attorney, Office of Aviation Enforcement and Proceedings, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a rule entitled ‘‘Organization and Delegation of Powers and Duties in the Transportation Ac-quisition Regulation’’ (RIN2105–AE41) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7759. A communication from the Trial Attorney, Office of Aviation Enforcement and Proceedings, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a rule entitled ‘‘Enhancing Airline Passenger Pro-tections III’’ (RIN2105–AE11) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 17, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7760. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Miles City, MT’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–7046)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7761. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Fal-mouth, MA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–5444)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7762. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Ha-gerstown, MD’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.015 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6550 November 29, 2016 
FAA–2015–4513)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7763. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (43); Amdt. No. 3716’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7764. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (1); Amdt. No. 3718’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 17, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7765. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (233); Amdt. No. 371’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7766. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (85); Amdt. No. 3715’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–255. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of South Dakota making formal application to the United States Congress to call an Article V conven-tion of the states for the sole purpose of pro-posing a federal balanced budget amendment to the United States Constitution; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H
OUSE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 1001 Whereas, the Legislature of the State of South Dakota hereby applies to Congress, under the provisions of Article V of the Con-stitution of the United States, for the calling of a convention of the states limited to pro-posing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States requiring that in the ab-sence of a national emergency, the total of all federal appropriations made by Congress for any fiscal year may not exceed the total of all estimated federal revenues for that fis-cal year, together with any related and ap-propriate fiscal restraints; and Whereas, this application constitutes a continuing application in accordance with Article V of the Constitution of the United States until the legislatures of at least two- thirds of the several states have made appli-cations on the same subject. It supersedes all previous applications by this Legislature on the same subject: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, by the House of Representatives of the Ninetieth Legislature of the State of South Dakota, the Senate concurring therein, That the State of South Dakota does hereby apply to the Congress of the United States to call an amendment convention pursuant to Arti-cle V of the United States Constitution lim-ited to proposing an amendment to the United States Constitution requiring that in the absence of a national emergency, the total of all federal appropriations made by Congress for any fiscal year may not exceed the total of all estimated federal revenues for that fiscal year, together with any re-lated and appropriate fiscal restraints; and be it further Resolved, This application is to be consid-ered as covering the same subject matter as the presently outstanding balanced budget applications from other states, including previously-adopted applications from Ala-bama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Dela-ware, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Iowa, Kan-sas, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Mis-sissippi, Missouri, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, and Texas. This application shall be aggregated with same for the purpose of attaining the two- thirds of states necessary to require the call-ing of a convention for proposing a balanced budget amendment but may not be aggre-gated with any applications on any other subject; and be it further Resolved, That the other states be encour-aged to make similar applications for an amendment convention pursuant to Article V of the Constitution of the United States; and be it further Resolved, That this application constitutes a continuing application for such amend-ment convention pursuant to Article V of the Constitution of the United States until the legislatures of two-thirds of the states have made such applications and such con-vention has been called by the Congress of the United States; and be it further Resolved, That the secretary of state trans-mit copies of this resolution to the President of the United States, the Speaker and the Clerk of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, the President and the Clerk of the United States Senate, the members of the South Dakota congressional delegation, and the legislatures of each of the several states, attesting the adoption of this resolu-tion by the Legislature of the State of South Dakota. f INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. JOHNSON: S. 3483. A bill to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for en bloc consideration in resolutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. TESTER: S. 3484. A bill to establish an advisory com-mittee to issue nonbinding governmentwide guidelines on making public information available on the Internet, to require publicly available Government information held by the executive branch to be made available on the Internet, to express the sense of Congress that publicly available information held by the legislative and judicial branches should be available on the Internet, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. f SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. Res. 620. A resolution reaffirming the United States-Argentina partnership and recognizing Argentina’s economic reforms; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Ms. B
ALD-
WIN, Mr. C OONS , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. Res. 621. A resolution designating No-vember 2016 as National Hospice and Pallia-tive Care Month; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ORAN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B
ENNET , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. E NZI, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S COTT, and Mrs. M UR-
RAY): S. Res. 622. A resolution expressing support for the goals of National Adoption Day and National Adoption Month by promoting na-tional awareness of adoption and the chil-dren awaiting families, celebrating children and families involved in adoption, and en-couraging the people of the United States to secure safety, permanency, and well-being, for all children; considered and agreed to. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. T OOMEY , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. K IRK, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mrs. B
OXER , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. A
YOTTE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. K ING, Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. M
ANCHIN , and Mr. P ERDUE ): S. Res. 623. A resolution recognizing the vital role the Civil Air Patrol has played, and continues to play, in supporting the homeland security and national defense of the United States; considered and agreed to. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. R EID, Mr. D URBIN , Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. C ARPER , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. U DALL , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. Con. Res. 56. A concurrent resolution clarifying any potential misunderstanding as to whether actions taken by President-elect Donald Trump constitute a violation of the Emoluments Clause, and calling on Presi-dent-elect Trump to divest his interest in, and sever his relationship to, the Trump Or-ganization; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.017 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6551 November 29, 2016 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 298, a bill to amend ti-tles XIX and XXI of the Social Secu-rity Act to provide States with the op-tion of providing services to children with medically complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for children with medically complex conditions and lowering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 849 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 849, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for systematic data collection and analysis and epidemiological research regarding Multiple Sclerosis (MS), Par-kinson’s disease, and other neuro-logical diseases. 
S. 979 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 979, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the re-quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1476 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1476, a bill to require States to re-port to the Attorney General certain information regarding shooting inci-dents involving law enforcement offi-cers, and for other purposes. 
S. 2126 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2126, a bill to reauthorize the women’s business center program of the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes. 
S. 2424 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2424, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize a program for early detection, diag-nosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children. S. 2427 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2427, a bill to prohibit dis-crimination against individuals with disabilities who need long-term serv-ices and supports, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2551 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2551, a bill to help prevent acts of geno-cide and mass atrocities, which threat-en national and international security, by enhancing United States civilian ca-pacities to prevent and mitigate such crises. 
S. 2680 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2680, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide com-prehensive mental health reform, and for other purposes. 
S. 2713 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2713, a bill to provide for the implementation of a Precision Medi-cine Initiative. 
S. 2873 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2873, a bill to require studies and reports examining the use of, and op-portunities to use, technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to improve programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2971 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2971, a bill to authorize the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System. 
S. 3065 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3065, a bill to amend parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to invest in funding prevention and fam-ily services to help keep children safe and supported at home, to ensure that children in foster care are placed in the least restrictive, most family-like, and appropriate settings, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3149 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3149, a bill to posthumously award a Congressional Gold Medal to Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in rec-ognition of his achievements and con-tributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. S. 3245 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3245, a bill to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to extend advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse spe-cialist programs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3256 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3256, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to provide assist-ance for developing countries to pro-mote quality basic education and to es-tablish the goal of all children in school and learning as an objective of the United States foreign assistance policy, and for other purposes. 
S. 3359 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3359, a bill to amend title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize grants for heroin and meth-amphetamine task forces. 
S. 3450 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3450, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to include electric charging of certain vehicles as a qualified transportation fringe ben-efit excluded from gross income. 
S. 3475 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3475, a bill to delay the amend-ments to rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. 
S. RES. 616 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 616, a resolution supporting the goals and ideals of American Dia-betes Month. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.021 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6552 November 29, 2016 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 620—RE-AFFIRMING THE UNITED STATES-ARGENTINA PARTNER-SHIP AND RECOGNIZING ARGEN-TINA’S ECONOMIC REFORMS Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 620 Whereas, on November 22, 2015, the citizens of the Argentine Republic elected Mauricio Macri as their President; Whereas President Macri has pledged to promote greater national unity, rebuild the economy, combat domestic corruption, strengthen freedom of the press, defend human rights abroad, attract foreign direct investment, return to international credit markets, and reassert Argentina’s leadership globally; Whereas President Macri has emphasized his intention to seek closer ties with the United States and restore the bilateral part-nership previously enjoyed by both coun-tries; Whereas the Argentine Republic is a major non-NATO ally of the United States; Whereas United States-Argentina relations are historically characterized by comprehen-sive commercial ties and strong bilateral co-operation on human rights, peacekeeping, science and technology, non-proliferation, and education, as well as on regional and global issues; Whereas President Barack Obama traveled to Argentina in March 2016 to strengthen en-gagement on trade and investment, renew-able energy, climate change, security, and peacekeeping issues; Whereas, in an appearance with President Macri at the Casa Rosada in Buenos Aires, President Obama said that ‘‘our countries share profound values in common—respect for human rights, for individual freedoms, for democracy, for justice, and for peace’’; Whereas the United States Department of the Treasury no longer opposes multilateral development banks lending to Argentina be-cause of the Government of Argentina’s ‘‘progress on key issues and positive eco-nomic policy trajectory’’; Whereas President Macri prioritized Ar-gentina resolving its 15-year standoff with private creditors stemming from the 2001– 2002 economic crisis; Whereas the Macri Administration lifted controls on trade, currency, and poultry, en-hanced the quality and transparency of gov-ernment data, and eliminated subsidies on electricity, water, and gas; Whereas, in April 2016, the Government of Argentina issued $16,500,000,000 in new gov-ernment bonds and paid $9,300,000,000 to hold-out creditors to resolve its default settle-ments, which facilitated Argentina’s return to international financial markets; Whereas Argentina is Latin America’s third largest economy and the International Monetary Fund, in April 2016, claimed the Macri Administration ‘‘embarked on an am-bitious, much needed transition to remove domestic imbalances and distortions and correct relative prices’’; Whereas Secretary of State John Kerry visited Argentina in August 2016 to launch a High-Level Dialogue to develop and sustain cooperation on bilateral, regional, and global challenges, including democratic develop-ment and protection of human rights in Latin America; and Whereas Secretary Kerry, during his visit, stated that ‘‘the United States strongly sup-ports President Macri’s effort to deepen Ar-gentina’s integration with the global econ-omy’’ and that ‘‘our governments will be supporting policies that are aimed at strong, sustainable, and balanced economic growth’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) upholds its commitment to the partner-ship between the United States and Argen-tina and reaffirms that the Argentine Repub-lic is a major non-NATO ally of the United States; (2) encourages the Department of State to coordinate an interagency strategy to in-crease cooperation with the Government of Argentina on areas of bilateral, regional, and global concern; (3) commends President Mauricio Macri and his Administration for making far- reaching economic reforms that will benefit the people of Argentina, stimulate economic growth, and deepen Argentina’s integration with the global economy; (4) praises the Government of Argentina for resolving its dispute with international creditors; and (5) encourages the Government of Argen-tina to continue to investigate and prosecute those responsible for the 1994 bombing of the Argentine-Israeli Mutual Association (AMIA) in Buenos Aires, as well as the Janu-ary 2015 death of AMIA special prosecutor Alberto Nisman. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 621—DESIG-NATING NOVEMBER 2016 AS NA-TIONAL HOSPICE AND PALLIA-TIVE CARE MONTH Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Ms. B
ALD-
WIN, Mr. C OONS , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 621 Whereas hospice and palliative care serv-ices empower individuals to live as fully as possible, surrounded and supported by family and loved ones, despite serious and life-lim-iting illnesses; Whereas hospice and palliative care can bring patients and family caregivers high- quality care delivered by an interdiscipli-nary team of skilled professionals that in-cludes physicians, nurses, social workers, therapists, counselors, health aides, spiritual care providers, and others who make the wishes of each patient and family a priority; Whereas advance care planning involves an individual making decisions about the health care the individual would want to re-ceive if faced with a serious or life-limiting illness or unable to speak on behalf of the in-dividual; Whereas hospice and palliative care focus on quality of life through pain management and symptom control, caregiver training and assistance, and emotional and spiritual sup-port, allowing patients to live fully until the end of life, surrounded and supported by loved ones, friends, and committed care-givers; Whereas every year more than 1,650,000 in-dividuals in the United States living with life-limiting illness, and the families of the individuals, receive care and support from hospice programs in communities through-out the United States; Whereas more than 430,000 trained volun-teers contribute 19,000,000 hours of service to hospice programs annually; and Whereas hospice and palliative care pro-viders encourage all individuals to learn more about the options of the individuals for care and to share the wishes of the individ-uals with family, loved ones, and health care professionals: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates November 2016 as National Hospice and Palliative Care Month; and (2) encourages the people of the United States— (A) to increase their understanding and awareness of care at the end of life; and (B) to observe National Hospice and Pallia-tive Care Month with appropriate activities and programs. f SENATE RESOLUTION 622—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE GOALS OF NATIONAL ADOPTION DAY AND NATIONAL ADOPTION MONTH BY PROMOTING NA-TIONAL AWARENESS OF ADOP-TION AND THE CHILDREN AWAITING FAMILIES, CELE-BRATING CHILDREN AND FAMI-LIES INVOLVED IN ADOPTION, AND ENCOURAGING THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES TO SE-CURE SAFETY, PERMANENCY, AND WELL-BEING, FOR ALL CHILDREN Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. M ORAN , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B
ENNET , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. W ICKER , Mr. E
NZI, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S
COTT, and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 622 Whereas there are millions of unparented children in the world, including 427,910 chil-dren in the foster care system in the United States, approximately 111,820 of whom are waiting for families to adopt them; Whereas 62 percent of the children in foster care in the United States are age 10 or younger; Whereas the average length of time a child spends in foster care is approximately 2 years; Whereas for many foster children, the wait for a loving family in which the children are nurtured, comforted, and protected seems endless; Whereas, in 2015, over 20,000 youth ‘‘aged out’’ of foster care by reaching adulthood without being placed in a permanent home; Whereas every day, loving and nurturing families are strengthened and expanded when committed and dedicated individuals make an important difference in the life of a child through adoption; Whereas a 2007 survey conducted by the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption dem-onstrated that although ‘‘Americans over-whelmingly support the concept of adoption, and in particular foster care adoption . . . foster care adoptions have not increased sig-nificantly over the past 5 years’’; Whereas while nearly a quarter of individ-uals in the United States have considered adoption, a majority of individuals in the United States have misperceptions about the process of adopting children from foster care and the children who are eligible for adop-tion; Whereas 50 percent of individuals in the United States believe that children enter the foster care system because of juvenile delin-quency, when in reality the vast majority of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.023 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6553 November 29, 2016 
children who have entered the foster care system were victims of neglect, abandon-ment, or abuse; Whereas 39 percent of individuals in the United States believe that foster care adop-tion is expensive, when in reality there is no substantial cost for adopting from foster care and financial support is available to adoptive parents after the adoption is final-ized; Whereas family reunification, kinship care, and domestic and intercounty adoption promote permanency and stability to a far greater degree than long-term institutional-ization or long-term, often disrupted, foster care; Whereas November is National Adoption Month, and National Adoption Day occurs in November; Whereas National Adoption Day is a collec-tive national effort to find permanent, loving families for children in the foster care sys-tem; Whereas, since the first National Adoption Day in 2000, nearly 58,500 children have joined permanent families during National Adoption Day; and Whereas the President traditionally issues an annual proclamation to declare the month of November as National Adoption Month, and National Adoption Day is on No-vember 19, 2016: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Adoption Day and National Adoption Month; (2) recognizes that every child should have a permanent and loving family; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to consider adoption during the month of November and throughout the year. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 623—RECOG-NIZING THE VITAL ROLE THE CIVIL AIR PATROL HAS PLAYED, AND CONTINUES TO PLAY, IN SUPPORTING THE HOMELAND SECURITY AND NATIONAL DE-FENSE OF THE UNITED STATES Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. M
IKUL-
SKI, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. T OOMEY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. K
IRK, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. U DALL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. C
ASEY , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. K ING, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. M ANCHIN , and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 623 Whereas, on December 1, 1941, a new civil-ian defense organization known as the Civil Air Patrol was founded, which was to rely on volunteer civilian aviators who would fly in support of the homeland security of the United States; Whereas with the attack on Pearl Harbor 6 days later and the entry of the United States into World War II, the Civil Air Patrol would find itself serving the United States in ways that were not imagined at the time of the conception of the Civil Air Patrol; Whereas the Civil Air Patrol initially en-gaged in coastal patrol operations that were considered critical to the United States war effort, piloting aircraft that in total flew 24,000,000 miles over 18 months, reporting 173 possible enemy submarines, and dropping 82 bombs or depth charges; Whereas Civil Air Patrol civilian volun-teers flew privately owned light aircraft armed with military bombs at the expense of the volunteers, often at low altitude, in bad weather, and up to 60 miles from shore; Whereas Civil Air Patrol civilian volun-teers undertook other vital World War II missions nationwide, which included border patrols, search and rescue operations, cou-rier and cargo services, and air defense and pilot training; Whereas, unlike many organizations at the time, the Civil Air Patrol welcomed women into its ranks to fly for the Civil Air Patrol, with approximately one-half of the women later joining the Women’s Airforce Service Pilots (commonly known as ‘‘WASP’’) after having first flown with the Civil Air Patrol; Whereas the Civil Air Patrol was open to all pilots interested in flying for the Civil Air Patrol, which allowed African-Americans an opportunity to serve and fly for the United States well before the adoption of the integrated Armed Forces; Whereas, in 2016, the Civil Air Patrol con-tinues its critical mission in service to the United States, now as a vital partner for the Air Force, serving as the auxiliary force, and, since 2015, as an official component of the total force; Whereas the Civil Air Patrol remains one of the premier inland search and rescue orga-nizations of the United States, and was cred-ited with saving the lives of 69 individuals through search and rescue operations in 2015; Whereas the Civil Air Patrol continues to fulfill many other vital missions, including helping train interceptor pilots and un-manned aerial vehicle operators under real-istic conditions, aerial observation missions, counterdrug operations, disaster relief sup-port, live organ transport, aerospace edu-cation, cadet programs, and Reserve Officer Training Corps orientation flights; Whereas the continued work of the all-vol-unteer force of the Civil Air Patrol offers vital support to homeland security and de-fense missions; and Whereas the weekly youth and aerospace education programs of the Civil Air Patrol continue to introduce young students to the field of aviation and instill within the stu-dents the values of national service and per-sonal responsibility: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) applauds the Civil Air Patrol for 75 years of continuous service in times of peace and war; (2) recognizes the critical emergency serv-ices, training support, and mission capabili-ties that the Civil Air Patrol offers State and national homeland security agencies as well as the United States Armed Forces; and (3) commends the more than 23,500 youth and 32,500 adult volunteers of the Civil Air Patrol, who hail from a range of professions and across the United States, and dedicate their time to the service of their commu-nities and the United States. SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 56—CLARIFYING ANY PO-TENTIAL MISUNDERSTANDING AS TO WHETHER ACTIONS TAKEN BY PRESIDENT-ELECT DONALD TRUMP CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE EMOLU-MENTS CLAUSE, AND CALLING ON PRESIDENT-ELECT TRUMP TO DIVEST HIS INTEREST IN, AND SEVER HIS RELATIONSHIP TO, THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. R
EID, Mr. D URBIN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mrs. B
OXER , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. R EED, Mr. C
ARPER , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. U DALL , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. C OONS , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B
OOKER , and Mr. C ASEY ) submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs: 
S. C ON. RES. 56 Whereas article I, section 9, clause 8 of the United States Constitution (commonly known as the ‘‘Emoluments Clause’’) de-clares, ‘‘No title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States: And no Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or foreign State.’’; Whereas, according to the remarks of Gov-ernor Edmund Randolph at the 1787 Constitu-tional Convention, the Emoluments Clause ‘‘was thought proper, in order to exclude cor-ruption and foreign influence, to prohibit any one in office from receiving or holding any emoluments from foreign states’’; Whereas the issue of foreign corruption greatly concerned the Founding Fathers of the United States, such that Alexander Ham-ilton in Federalist No. 22 wrote, ‘‘In repub-lics, persons elevated from the mass of the community, by the suffrages of their fellow- citizens, to stations of great pre-eminence and power, may find compensations for be-traying their trust, which, to any but minds animated and guided by superior virtue, may appear to exceed the proportion of interest they have in the common stock, and to over-balance the obligations of duty. Hence it is that history furnishes us with so many mor-tifying examples of the prevalency of foreign corruption in republican governments.’’; Whereas the President of the United States is the head of the executive branch of the Federal Government and is expected to have undivided loyalty to the United States, and clearly occupies an ‘‘office of profit or trust’’ within the meaning of article I, section 9, clause 8 of the Constitution, according to the Office of Legal Counsel of the Department of Justice; Whereas the Office of Legal Counsel of the Department of Justice opined in 2009 that corporations owned or controlled by a for-eign government are presumptively foreign states under the Emoluments Clause; Whereas President-elect Donald J. Trump has a business network, the Trump Organiza-tion, that has financial interests around the world and negotiates and concludes trans-actions with foreign states and entities that are extensions of foreign states; Whereas Michael Cohen, an attorney for Donald J. Trump and the Trump Organiza-tion, has stated that the Trump Organization 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.025 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6554 November 29, 2016 
would be placed into a ‘‘blind trust’’ man-aged by Donald Trump’s children, Donald Trump Jr., Ivanka Trump, and Eric Trump; Whereas the very nature of a ‘‘blind trust’’ is such that the official will have no control over, will receive no communications about, and will have no knowledge of the identity of the specific assets held in the trust, and that the manager of the trust is independent of the owner, and as such the arrangement pro-posed by Mr. Cohen is not a blind trust; Whereas Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, William J. Clinton, and George W. Bush have set the precedent of using true blind trusts, in which their holdings were liquidated and placed in new investments un-known to them by an independent trustee who managed them free of familial bias; Whereas the intermingling of the business of the Trump Organization and the work of government has the potential to constitute the foreign corruption so feared by the Founding Fathers and betray the trust of America’s citizens; Whereas the intent of this resolution is to prevent any potential misunderstanding or crisis with regards to whether the actions of Donald J. Trump as President of the United States will violate the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution, Federal law, or funda-mental principles of ethics; and Whereas Congress has an institutional, constitutional obligation to ensure that the President of the United States does not vio-late the Emoluments Clause and is dis-charging the obligations of office based on the national interest, not based on personal interest: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress— (1) calls upon President-elect Donald J. Trump to follow the precedent established by prior presidents and convert his assets to simple, conflict-free holdings, adopt blind trusts managed by an independent trustee with no relationship to Donald J. Trump or his businesses, or take other equivalent measures, in order to ensure compliance with the Emoluments Clause of the United States Constitution; (2) calls upon President-elect Donald J. Trump not to use the powers or opportuni-ties of his position as President-elect or President of the United States for any pur-pose related to the Trump Organization; and (3) regards, in the absence of such actions outlined in paragraph (1) or specific author-ization by Congress, dealings that Donald J. Trump, as President of the United States, may have through his companies with for-eign governments or entities owned or con-trolled by foreign governments as potential violations of the Emoluments Clause. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak on behalf of a res-olution I will submit today on the en-rollment clause, which seems to uphold the values and strictures of one of our Nation’s most sacred documents—the Constitution itself. The Founding Fathers were clear in their belief that any Federal office-holder in the United States must never be put in a position where he or she could be influenced by a foreign gov-ernmental actor. Article 1, section 9, clause 8 of the U.S. Constitution, known as the emolument clause, de-clares that ‘‘no title of nobility shall be granted by the United States: And no person holding any office of profit or trust under them, shall, without the consent of the Congress, accept of any present, emolument, office, or title, of any kind whatever, from any king, prince, or foreign state.’’ Longstanding precedent has made it plain the President of the United States, as the head of the executive branch of government, clearly occupies an office of profit or trust. As such, the emolument clause clearly applies to and constrains whoever holds the Oval Office of the Presidency. For those who claim to value a strict interpretation of the Constitution and who place upholding the Constitution above partisan politics, the unambig-uous reading and meaning are clear and evident. Put simply, the American public has a right to know the Presi-dent of the United States is acting in their best interest and not because he or she has received some benefit or gift from a foreign government, such as Russia or China or any foreign entity. They need to know the President of the United States is making decisions about potential trade agreements, sending troops into war, or where we spend America’s great resources is based upon what is in the public inter-est and not because it would advance the President’s private pecuniary in-terests. The Founding Fathers’ concerns on this subject were neither abstract nor baseless. Alexander Hamilton made specific references to these dangers in the Federalist Papers. While the Con-stitution was being debated in Amer-ica, the Polish Lithuanian Common-wealth was in the process of being ruthlessly dismembered by her neigh-bors—Prussia, the Austrian Empire and Russia. Poland’s neighbors bribed Polish Government officials and succeeded in paralyzing the state for decades. The Founding Fathers placed the emolu-ments clause, an explicit bar on foreign corruption and interference, within the Constitution so we may avoid Poland’s fate. Happily, the emoluments clause has not been a section of the Constitution that has had to be of concern to this body, nor is there voluminous case his-tory detailing its legal interpretation with regard to the highest offices of the executive branch. This is because every President, from George Wash-ington to Barack Obama, has taken great pains to avoid even the appear-ance of impropriety with regard to their personal wealth and investments, ensuring that such investments never interfere with performing their duties as President of the United States. That is why, over the past four dec-ades, Presidents Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George Herbert Walker Bush, Bill Clinton, and George W. Bush all had their assets placed into blind trusts while they were President. President Obama went even further be-cause he wanted to fulfill his promises of greater transparency. He invested the vast majority of his funds into U.S. Treasury bonds. I wish the well-established precedent and practice would make it unneces-sary to introduce and seek to move this resolution today. I wish President- Elect Trump would be inclined to con-tinue the longstanding and bipartisan tradition of Presidential traditions. In September, Mr. Trump said, if he were elected, he would absolutely sever ties to The Trump Organization. De-spite that pledge, it has since become clear that absent intervention by this body, the President-elect may not fol-low the precedents established by his predecessors. In so doing, he may well—for whatever reason and what-ever motive—place himself and our Constitution in jeopardy. As a separate and coequal branch of government, the Senate has a duty and obligation to safeguard our Constitu-tion. It is to the Constitution, after all, not the person or position, that we swear our oath of office and to nourish the republican virtues that have al-lowed our Nation and government to flourish. We must do so because following the election, it appears that President- Elect Trump may have changed his mind about the promises he made as he sought office. Mr. Trump’s lawyers an-nounced The Trump Organization would be placed into a ‘‘blind trust,’’ managed by Don Trump’s older chil-dren, Donald Trump, Jr., Ivanka Trump, and Eric Trump. Let me be clear, as the gravity of this issue demands absolute clarity. The financial arrangement described by Mr. Trump and his lawyers is not a blind trust. It just isn’t. We can’t allow Mr. Trump or his lawyers to trick us or the American people into thinking it is just because they use that term. A true blind trust, including the ones established by past Presidents, is an arrangement where the official has no control over, will receive no commu-nications about, and will have no knowledge of the identity of the spe-cific assets held in the trust, and the trust’s managers operate independ-ently of the owner. The arrangement described by Mr. Trump and his lawyers is not inde-pendent. Mr. Trump is well aware of the specific assets held, and he can re-ceive communications about and take actions to affect the values of such as-sets. The idea that President-Elect Trump’s children are or will be truly independent managers is not credible. This is not a blind trust, and this is not an arrangement that will ensure com-pliance with the emoluments clause of the U.S. Constitution. Mr. Trump has said there is no one like him who has ever become Presi-dent of the United States. On that point, he may well be correct. I am very concerned Mr. Trump may violate the U.S. Constitution on the day he takes office and, even if it is not his in-tent, place himself and our Nation at risk. The purpose of my resolution is to convey to the President-elect there is still time for him to avoid this con-stitutional conflict. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.027 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6555 November 29, 2016 
Some might ask: Why should anyone care? It is not hard to imagine cir-cumstances in which a foreign govern-mental actor will want to give Presi-dent Trump gifts so they can curry favor with him and hope to influence his decisions in ways that benefit them when the President’s decisions should benefit the American people—precisely the danger our Founding Fathers sought to protect against with the emoluments clause. This is not an esoteric argument about rules that do not affect real peo-ple. The American public has the right to know if President Trump will put our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and ma-rines in harm’s way to protect Amer-ica’s national security or to protect the latest Trump Tower in some far-off country. They have the right to know if the trade agreements negotiated by the new administration will benefit American businesses, farmers, workers, and consumers or whether they will benefit some Trump company or hotel. Donald Trump’s business network, The Trump Organization, has financial interests around the world and nego-tiates and includes transactions with foreign states and entities that are ex-tensions of foreign states. To give but one example of how bad things can get if Mr. Trump is allowed to stay connected to his businesses: In Azerbaijan, The Trump Organization partnered with billionaire Anar Mammadov to build a 33-story Trump Tower in Baku, the capital of Azer-baijan. Mammadov’s father is Azer-baijan’s long-time Transportation Min-ister and a confidant of the President of Azerbaijan. There have been allega-tions this billionaire’s company and the companies he is connected to have profited from more than $1 billion worth of transportation contracts re-lated to his father’s position in the Transportation Ministry. A former U.S. Ambassador to Azer-baijan in the 1990s and an adviser to the Director of National Intelligence under George W. Bush has said of this deal: ‘‘These are not business people acting on their own—you’re dealing with daddy.’’ There are a great many nations, none of which we should emulate, where the lines between officials of the foreign government and business entities con-trolled by that foreign government are blurred or obliterated. For that reason, the Office of Legal Counsel at the De-partment of Justice has stated that corporations owned or controlled by foreign governments are presumptively foreign states under the emoluments clause. We should all be concerned when the President-elect is connected to an or-ganization that has dealings with coun-tries and entities that aren’t interested in distinguishing between doing busi-ness with President Trump and the profitmaking portion that bears his name. We run the risk of turning the United States of America, our legal system, our immigration system, our financial system, our trade agree-ments, and our military into subsidi-aries of The Trump Organization. It has already been reported that the Trump International Hotel in Wash-ington, DC, has been patronized by an increasing number of foreign dig-nitaries and diplomats because of Mr. Trump’s election. One diplomat was re-corded as saying: 
Why wouldn’t I stay at his hotel, blocks from the White House, so I can tell the new president, ‘‘I love your new hotel’’? Isn’t it rude to come to his city and say, ‘‘I am stay-ing at your competitor’’? 
Likewise, news reports suggest that one day after a phone call between President-Elect Trump and the Presi-dent of Argentina, permits under re-view for a Trump building in Buenos Aires were suddenly approved. In China, just days after the Presidential election, Donald Trump scored a legal victory in a decade-long trademark dis-pute over the right to use the Trump name for real estate agent services in commercial and residential properties in China. The timing of these actions is interesting, to put it mildly. The appearance of intermingling be-tween the business of The Trump Orga-nization and the work of government has already begun. Despite Mr. Trump’s campaign promises to sever ties to The Trump Organization, where he stated that ‘‘I’ll have my children and my executives run the company and I won’t discuss it with them,’’ the Trump Presidential transition team has named Mr. Trump’s children, Don-ald Trump, Jr., Ivanka Trump, and Eric Trump, to the transition team’s executive committee—the same chil-dren who are supposedly managing The Trump Organization without dis-cussing it with him. In those positions, they have the ability to offer counsel as to which personnel are selected to critical posts in the new Trump admin-istration. Ivanka Trump reportedly has been present during Mr. Trump’s congratu-latory calls with Japan’s Prime Min-ister and the President of Argentina. Donald Trump, Jr., reportedly met in secret prior to the election with pro- Russia politicians to discuss Syrian policy. After the election, President- Elect Trump met with Indian real es-tate executives—his partners in devel-oping Trump Towers in India—in which they allegedly discussed with the Trump family about possible addi-tional real estate deals. The list goes on and on. The totality of these engagements and the potential implications are deeply, deeply dis-turbing. Yet President-Elect Trump has done nothing to assure the Amer-ican people he will put their interests above the enrichment of himself and his children, and he will assure, as the Founding Fathers intended, that the President is not placed in a position where he might be vulnerable to for-eign influence or even the appearance of foreign influence. While Mr. Trump or his advisers say ‘‘Trust us,’’ let us remember what John Adams said: ‘‘We are a government of laws and not of men.’’ It was the endur-ing wisdom of our Founders to recog-nize that not all men are angels, so we place our trust in the Constitution itself, not in individuals. Mr. Trump’s wealth and business in-terests must yield to the U.S. Constitu-tion. Those wide-ranging interests make us realize just how critical the Constitution’s prohibition of foreign gifts is. The business that the Trump Organization does overseas in places like Scotland, Argentina, India, and Azerbaijan cannot help but not be far from Mr. Trump’s mind when he dis-cusses matters of policy with foreign heads of state. This is not because President-Elect Trump is any more susceptible to these temptations than anyone else but simply because, as the Founding Fathers recognized, we are humans, not angels. This insight into human conditions elicited the precise fear articulated by our Founding Fathers: Leaders who re-ceive gifts and payments from foreign governments, being human, may not act in the best interests of the Amer-ican people. To quote Richard Painter, an expert in ethics and an adviser to George W. Bush: ‘‘Imagine where we’d be today if President Franklin Roo-sevelt had owned apartment buildings in Frankfurt and Berlin. . . . some of us might be speaking German.’’ I am extremely troubled by Mr. Trump’s recent remarks on this sub-ject. On November 22, President-Elect Trump stated, ‘‘The law’s totally on my side, meaning, the president can’t have a conflict of interest.’’ In typical Trump sleight of hand, he selectively picks his own facts as he shows a trou-bling and callous disregard for our Con-stitution and for the duty he owes to the American people. While the President, Vice President, Members of Congress, and Federal judges may be granted specific, limited exemptions from conflicts of interest so that they may act and carry out their duties, that law does not super-sede the Constitution nor, frankly, have anything to do with the very spe-cific provisions of the emoluments clause preventing foreign govern-mental financial influence over the President. That the President-elect is not doing enough to avoid such con-flicts is what brings me to the floor today and, overall, according to one new poll, is troubling to nearly 60 per-cent of the people of this country. The limited exception to the conflict of in-terest statute recognizes that there are certain public officials whose authority to act should not be held in question. That ability to act does not cure the restrictions in the emoluments clause of the Constitution. The Constitution is the ultimate law of the land, not the President. Mr. Trump apparently does not appreciate the reason that the law on this issue is untested because previous Presidents have had the wisdom and personal for-bearance not to seek to put this ques-tion to the test. But we have tested the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.022 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6556 November 29, 2016 
unfortunate proposition that ‘‘when the president does it, that means it is not illegal’’ before, and Congress, in service of the Constitution and the American people, has found that not to be the case. No one is above the law; no one is above the Constitution, includ-ing the President of the United States. President-Elect Trump has also tweeted: ‘‘Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties around the world.’’ That is undoubtedly true. But the American people, in voting for a candidate, can-not—indeed, would not want to—excuse a potential future violation of the Con-stitution by that candidate. President-Elect Trump’s attempt to imply that because he won the elec-tion, the Constitution somehow does not apply to him is irresponsible and disrespectful. It would be disrespectful to the Constitution; it is truly dis-respectful to the American people, who are trusting their future, their chil-dren, their livelihood, and their safety to decisions Mr. Trump will make once he becomes President. We must do everything we can to protect our Constitution, our democ-racy, and the American people from such recklessness. The aim of my resolution is straight-forward. It takes a strict interpreta-tion of the plain words of the Constitu-tion and supports the traditional val-ues and practices adopted by previous Presidents. It simply calls on Presi-dent-Elect Trump to follow the prece-dent established by prior Presidents and convert his assets to simple, con-flict-free holdings, adopt blind trusts managed by truly independent trustees with no relationship to Mr. Trump or his businesses, or to take other, equiv-alent measures. It calls upon the Presi-dent-elect to refrain from using the powers or opportunities of his position for any purpose related to The Trump Organization. It makes it clear that if Mr. Trump does not take appropriate actions to sever his ties to his busi-nesses, Congress will have no choice, given the oath to protect and defend the Constitution that each and every Member has taken, but to view any dealings Mr. Trump has through his companies with foreign governments or entities owned or controlled by foreign governments as a potential violation of the emoluments clause. As Mr. Painter observed, ‘‘It should send a clear message to [Mr. Trump] that he should divest his assets and that [Congress] will regard dealings with his companies that he owns abroad and any entities owned by for-eign governments as a potential viola-tion of the Emoluments Clause unless he can prove it was an arm’s-length transaction.’’ It makes it clear to President-Elect Trump that we care about the Con-stitution and our democracy, that the American people really are watching, and that we will not be distracted from caring about these things. I want to close by observing that be-cause of strong feelings and passions generated by the recent election, some might be tempted to view this resolu-tion and its aims through a distorted prism of politics. Nothing could be fur-ther from the truth. I strongly support a smooth transition between the Obama administration and the Trump administration. I want the Trump ad-ministration to have support from Con-gress to succeed on behalf of the Amer-ican people. But when Mr. Trump devi-ates from his constitutional respon-sibilities or recommends policies that are contrary to the core values of our Nation, Members of Congress have an obligation to speak out and to act. I stand here today because I believe Congress has an institutional, con-stitutional obligation to ensure that the President of the United States, whosoever that is, does not violate our Constitution, acts lawfully, and is dis-charging the obligations of the office based on the broad interests of the American people, not his or her own narrow personal interests. My resolution is not intended to cre-ate a misunderstanding or crisis, but to avoid one, so that President-Elect Trump can put aside any appearance of impropriety and devote himself to the good work on behalf of the American people. We owe it to President-Elect Trump to make very clear what our ex-pectations are ahead of inauguration day. Why? So that we can avoid a Con-stitutional crisis. Such a crisis would not serve in the best interests of the President, Congress, and the American people. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 5113. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. G RASS -
LEY (for himself, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. C
OONS )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2944, to require adequate reporting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits program, and for other purposes. SA 5114. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. G RASS -
LEY) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2944, supra. SA 5115. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C ORNYN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 461, to provide for alternative financing arrange-ments for the provision of certain services and the construction and maintenance of in-frastructure at land border ports of entry, and for other purposes. SA 5116. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ELLER  (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , and Mr. R EID)) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3438, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a major medical facility project in Reno, Nevada. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 5113. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. G
RASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. S
CHUMER , and Mr. C OONS )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2944, to re-quire adequate reporting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits program, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Public Safe-ty Officers’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORTS. 
Section 1205 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796c) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘Rules, regulations, and procedures issued under this part may include regulations based on stand-ards developed by another Federal agency for programs related to public safety officer death or disability claims.’’ before the last sentence; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘In making’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) In making a determination under sec-tion 1201, the Bureau shall give substantial weight to the evidence and all findings of fact presented by a State, local, or Federal administrative or investigative agency re-garding eligibility for death or disability benefits.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e)(1)(A) Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Bu-reau shall make available on the public website of the Bureau information on all death, disability, and educational assistance claims submitted under this part that are pending as of the date on which the informa-tion is made available. ‘‘(B) Not less frequently than once per week, the Bureau shall make available on the public website of the Bureau updated in-formation with respect to all death, dis-ability, and educational assistance claims submitted under this part that are pending as of the date on which the information is made available. ‘‘(C) The information made available under this paragraph shall include— ‘‘(i) for each pending claim— ‘‘(I) the date on which the claim was sub-mitted to the Bureau; ‘‘(II) the State of residence of the claim-ant; ‘‘(III) an anonymized, identifying claim number; and ‘‘(IV) the nature of the claim; and ‘‘(ii) the total number of pending claims that were submitted to the Bureau more than 1 year before the date on which the in-formation is made available. ‘‘(2)(A) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, and every 180 days thereafter, the Bureau shall submit to Congress a report on the death, disability, and educational assistance claims submitted under this part. ‘‘(B) Each report submitted under subpara-graph (A) shall include information on— ‘‘(i) the total number of claims for which a final determination has been made during the 180-day period preceding the report; ‘‘(ii) the amount of time required to proc-ess each claim for which a final determina-tion has been made during the 180-day period preceding the report; ‘‘(iii) as of the last day of the 180-day pe-riod preceding the report, the total number of claims submitted to the Bureau on or be-fore that date for which a final determina-tion has not been made; ‘‘(iv) as of the last day of the 180-day pe-riod preceding the report, the total number of claims submitted to the Bureau on or be-fore the date that is 1 year before that date for which a final determination has not been made; ‘‘(v) for each claim described in clause (iv), a detailed description of the basis for delay; ‘‘(vi) as of the last day of the 180-day pe-riod preceding the report, the total number 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.021 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6557 November 29, 2016 
of claims submitted to the Bureau on or be-fore that date relating to exposure due to the September 11th, 2001, terrorism attacks for which a final determination has not been made; ‘‘(vii) as of the last day of the 180-day pe-riod preceding the report, the total number of claims submitted to the Bureau on or be-fore the date that is 1 year before that date relating to exposure due to the September 11th, 2001, terrorism attacks for which a final determination has not been made; ‘‘(viii) for each claim described in clause (vii), a detailed description of the basis for delay; ‘‘(ix) the total number of claims submitted to the Bureau relating to exposure due to the September 11th, 2001, terrorism attacks for which a final determination was made during the 180-day period preceding the report, and the average award amount for any such claims that were approved; ‘‘(x) the result of each claim for which a final determination was made during the 180- day period preceding the report, including the number of claims rejected and the basis for any denial of benefits; ‘‘(xi) the number of final determinations which were appealed during the 180-day pe-riod preceding the report, regardless of when the final determination was first made; ‘‘(xii) the average number of claims proc-essed per reviewer of the Bureau during the 180-day period preceding the report; ‘‘(xiii) for any claim submitted to the Bu-reau that required the submission of addi-tional information from a public agency, and for which the public agency completed pro-viding all of the required information during the 180-day period preceding the report, the average length of the period beginning on the date the public agency was contacted by the Bureau and ending on the date on which the public agency submitted all required in-formation to the Bureau; ‘‘(xiv) for any claim submitted to the Bu-reau for which the Bureau issued a subpoena to a public agency during the 180-day period preceding the report in order to obtain infor-mation or documentation necessary to deter-mine the claim, the name of the public agen-cy, the date on which the subpoena was issued, and the dates on which the public agency was contacted by the Bureau before the issuance of the subpoena; and ‘‘(xv) information on the compliance of the Bureau with the obligation to offset award amounts under section 1201(f)(3), including— ‘‘(I) the number of claims that are eligible for compensation under both this part and the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund of 2001 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note; Public Law 107–42) (commonly referred to as the ‘VCF’); ‘‘(II) for each claim described in subclause (I) for which compensation has been paid under the VCF, the amount of compensation paid under the VCF; ‘‘(III) the number of claims described in subclause (I) for which the Bureau has made a final determination; and ‘‘(IV) the number of claims described in subclause (I) for which the Bureau has not made a final determination. ‘‘(3) Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2016, and every 5 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— ‘‘(A) conduct a study on the compliance of the Bureau with the obligation to offset award amounts under section 1201(f)(3); and ‘‘(B) submit to Congress a report on the study conducted under subparagraph (A) that includes an assessment of whether the Bureau has provided the information re-quired under subparagraph (B)(ix) of para-graph (2) of this subsection in each report re-quired under that paragraph. ‘‘(4) In this subsection, the term ‘nature of the claim’ means whether the claim is a claim for— ‘‘(A) benefits under this subpart with re-spect to the death of a public safety officer; ‘‘(B) benefits under this subpart with re-spect to the disability of a public safety offi-cer; or ‘‘(C) education assistance under subpart 2.’’. 
SEC. 3. AGE LIMITATION FOR CHILDREN. 
Section 1212(c) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796d–1(c)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘No child’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), no child’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
ELAYED APPROVALS .— ‘‘(A) E
DUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE APPLICA -
TION.—If a claim for assistance under this subpart is approved more than 1 year after the date on which the application for such assistance is filed with the Attorney Gen-eral, the age limitation under this sub-section shall be extended by the length of the period— ‘‘(i) beginning on the day after the date that is 1 year after the date on which the ap-plication is filed; and ‘‘(ii) ending on the date on which the appli-cation is approved. ‘‘(B) C
LAIM FOR BENEFITS FOR DEATH OR  
PERMANENT AND TOTAL DISABILITY .—In addi- tion to an extension under subparagraph (A), if any, for an application for assistance under this subpart that relates to a claim for benefits under subpart 1 that was approved more than 1 year after the date on which the claim was filed with the Attorney General, the age limitation under this subsection shall be extended by the length of the pe-riod— ‘‘(i) beginning on the day after the date that is 1 year after the date on which the claim for benefits is submitted; and ‘‘(ii) ending on the date on which the claim for benefits is approved.’’. 
SEC. 4. DUE DILIGENCE IN PAYING BENEFIT CLAIMS. 
Subpart 1 of part L of title I of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1206. DUE DILIGENCE IN PAYING BENEFIT CLAIMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Bureau, with all due diligence, shall expeditiously attempt to ob-tain the information and documentation nec-essary to adjudicate a benefit claim filed under this part, including a claim for finan-cial assistance under subpart 2. ‘‘(b) S
UFFICIENT INFORMATION UNAVAIL -
ABLE .—If a benefit claim filed under this part, including a claim for financial assist-ance under subpart 2, is unable to be adju-dicated by the Bureau because of a lack of information or documentation from a third party, such as a public agency, the Bureau may not abandon the benefit claim unless the Bureau has utilized the investigative tools available to the Bureau to obtain the necessary information or documentation, in-cluding subpoenas.’’. 
SEC. 5. PRESUMPTION THAT OFFICER ACTED PROPERLY. 
Section 1202 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796a) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘No benefit’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—No benefit’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) P
RESUMPTION .—In determining wheth-er a benefit is payable under this part, the Bureau shall— ‘‘(1) presume that none of the limitations described in subsection (a) apply; and ‘‘(2) have the burden of establishing by clear and convincing evidence that a limita-tion described in subsection (a) applies.’’. SEC. 6. EFFECTIVE DATE; APPLICABILITY. 
The amendments made by this Act shall— (1) take effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) apply to any benefit claim or applica-tion under part L of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796 et seq.) that is— (A) pending before the Bureau of Justice Assistance on the date of enactment; or (B) received by the Bureau on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 5114. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. G
RASSLEY ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2944, to require adequate re-porting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits program, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to re-quire adequate reporting on the Public Safe-ty Officers’ Benefits program, and for other purposes.’’. 
SA 5115. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. C
ORNYN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 461, to provide for alter-native financing arrangements for the provision of certain services and the construction and maintenance of infra-structure at land border ports of entry, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cross-Border Trade Enhancement Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 202 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle G—U.S. Customs and Border Protection Public Private Partnerships 
‘‘SEC. 481. FEE AGREEMENTS FOR CERTAIN SERV-ICES AT PORTS OF ENTRY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 13031(e) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(e)) and section 451 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1451), the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, upon the re-quest of any entity, may enter into a fee agreement with such entity under which— ‘‘(1) U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall provide services described in subsection (b) at a United States port of entry or any other facility at which U.S. Customs and Border Protection provides or will provide such services; ‘‘(2) such entity shall remit to U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection a fee imposed under subsection (h) in an amount equal to the full costs that are incurred or will be in-curred in providing such services; and ‘‘(3) if space is provided by such entity, each facility at which U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection services are performed shall be maintained and equipped by such entity, without cost to the Federal Government, in accordance with U.S. Customs and Border Protection specifications. ‘‘(b) S
ERVICES DESCRIBED .—The services de-scribed in this subsection are any activities of any employee or Office of Field Operations contractor of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection (except employees of the U.S. Border Patrol, as established under section 411(e)) pertaining to, or in support of, customs, ag-ricultural processing, border security, or im-migration inspection-related matters at a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.029 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6558 November 29, 2016 
port of entry or any other facility at which U.S. Customs and Border Protection provides or will provide services. ‘‘(c) M
ODIFICATION OF PRIOR AGREEMENTS .— The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection, at the request of an entity who has previously entered into an agree-ment with U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion for the reimbursement of fees in effect on the date of enactment of this section, may modify such agreement to implement any provisions of this section. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
MPACTS OF SERVICES .—The Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion— ‘‘(A) may enter into fee agreements under this section only for services that— ‘‘(i) will increase or enhance the oper-ational capacity of U.S. Customs and Border Protection based on available staffing and workload; and ‘‘(ii) will not shift the cost of services fund-ed in any appropriations Act, or provided from any account in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees, to entities under this Act; and ‘‘(B) may not enter into a fee agreement under this section if such agreement would unduly and permanently impact services funded in any appropriations Act, or pro-vided from any account in the Treasury of the United States, derived by the collection of fees. ‘‘(2) N
UMBER .—There shall be no limit to the number of fee agreements that the Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection may enter into under this section. ‘‘(e) A
IRPORTS OF ENTRY .— ‘‘(1) F
EE AGREEMENT .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, a fee agreement for U.S. Customs and Border Protection serv-ices at an air port of entry may only provide for the payment of overtime costs of U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers and salaries and expenses of U.S. Customs and Border Protection employees to support U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers in performing law enforcement missions. ‘‘(2) S
MALL AIRPORTS .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection may receive reimbursement in addi-tion to overtime costs if the fee agreement is for services at an air port of entry that has fewer than 100,000 arriving international pas-sengers annually. ‘‘(3) C
OVERED SERVICES .—In addition to costs described in paragraph (1), a fee agree-ment for U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion services at an air port of entry referred to in paragraph (2) may provide for the reim-bursement of— ‘‘(A) salaries and expenses of not more that 5 full-time equivalent U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection Officers beyond the number of such officers assigned to the port of entry on the date on which the fee agreement was signed; ‘‘(B) salaries and expenses of employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, other than the officers referred to in subparagraph (A), to support U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection officers in performing law enforce-ment functions; and ‘‘(C) other costs incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection relating to services described in subparagraph (B), such as tem-porary placement or permanent relocation of employees, including incentive pay for relo-cation, as appropriate. ‘‘(f) P
ORT OF ENTRY SIZE.—The Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion shall ensure that each fee agreement proposal is given equal consideration regard-less of the size of the port of entry. ‘‘(g) D
ENIED APPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection denies a proposal for a fee agreement under this sec-tion, the Commissioner shall provide the en-tity submitting such proposal with the rea-son for the denial unless— ‘‘(A) the reason for the denial is law en-forcement sensitive; or ‘‘(B) withholding the reason for the denial is in the national security interests of the United States. ‘‘(2) JUDICIAL REVIEW .—Decisions of the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection under paragraph (1) are in the discretion of the Commissioner and are not subject to judicial review. ‘‘(h) F
EE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of the fee to be charged under an agreement authorized under subsection (a) shall be paid by each en-tity requesting U.S. Customs and Border Protection services, and shall be for the full cost of providing such services, including the salaries and expenses of employees and con-tractors of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, to provide such services and other costs incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion relating to such services, such as tem-porary placement or permanent relocation of such employees and contractors. ‘‘(2) T
IMING .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection may require that the fee referred to in paragraph (1) be paid by each entity that has entered into a fee agreement under subsection (a) with U.S. Customs and Border Protection in advance of the performance of U.S. Customs and Border Protection services. ‘‘(3) O
VERSIGHT OF FEES .—The Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion shall develop a process to oversee the services for which fees are charged pursuant to an agreement under subsection (a), includ-ing— ‘‘(A) a determination and report on the full costs of providing such services, and a proc-ess for increasing such fees, as necessary; ‘‘(B) the establishment of a periodic remit-tance schedule to replenish appropriations, accounts, or funds, as necessary; and ‘‘(C) the identification of costs paid by such fees. ‘‘(i) D
EPOSIT OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) A
CCOUNT .—Funds collected pursuant to any agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (a)— ‘‘(A) shall be deposited as offsetting collec-tions; ‘‘(B) shall remain available until expended without fiscal year limitation; and ‘‘(C) shall be credited to the applicable ap-propriation, account, or fund for the amount paid out of such appropriation, account, or fund for any expenses incurred or to be in-curred by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion in providing U.S. Customs and Border Protection services under any such agree-ment and any other costs incurred or to be incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion relating to such services. ‘‘(2) R
ETURN OF UNUSED FUNDS .—The Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection shall return any unused funds col-lected and deposited into the account de-scribed in paragraph (1) if a fee agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (a) is terminated for any reason or the terms of such fee agreement change by mutual agree-ment to cause a reduction of U.S. Customs and Border Protections services. No interest shall be owed upon the return of any such unused funds. ‘‘(j) T
ERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall terminate the services provided pursuant to a fee agreement entered into under sub-section (a) with an entity that, after receiv-ing notice from the Commissioner that a fee under subsection (h) is due, fails to pay such fee in a timely manner. If such services are terminated, all costs incurred by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection that have not been paid shall become immediately due and payable. Interest on unpaid fees shall accrue based on the rate and amount established under sections 6621 and 6622 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(2) PENALTY .—Any entity that, after no-tice and demand for payment of any fee under subsection (h), fails to pay such fee in a timely manner shall be liable for a penalty or liquidated damage equal to two times the amount of such fee. Any such amount col-lected under this paragraph shall be depos-ited into the appropriate account specified under subsection (i) and shall be available as described in such subsection. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION BY THE ENTITY .—Any en- tity who has previously entered into an agreement with U.S. Customs and Border Protection for the reimbursement of fees in effect on the date of enactment of this sec-tion, or under the provisions of this section, may request that such agreement be amend-ed to provide for termination upon advance notice, length, and terms that are negotiated between such entity and U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(k) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall— ‘‘(1) submit an annual report identifying the activities undertaken and the agree-ments entered into pursuant to this section to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate; ‘‘(C) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(D) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; ‘‘(E) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(F) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(G) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(H) the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(2) not later than 15 days before entering into a fee agreement, notify the members of Congress that represent the State or Con-gressional District in which the affected port of entry or facility is located of such agree-ment. ‘‘(l) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as imposing on U.S. Customs and Border Protection any responsibilities, duties, or authorities relat-ing to real property. 
‘‘SEC. 482. PORT OF ENTRY DONATION AUTHOR-ITY. 
‘‘(a) P ERSONAL PROPERTY DONATION AU-
THORITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in con-sultation with the Administrator of General Services, may enter into an agreement with any entity to accept a donation of personal property, money, or nonpersonal services for the uses described in paragraph (3) only with respect to the following locations at which U.S. Customs and Border Protection per-forms or will be performing inspection serv-ices: ‘‘(A) A new or existing sea or air port of entry. ‘‘(B) An existing Federal Government- owned land port of entry. ‘‘(C) A new Federal Government-owned land port of entry if— ‘‘(i) the fair market value of the donation is $50,000,000 or less; and ‘‘(ii) the fair market value, including any personal and real property donations in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.032 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6559 November 29, 2016 
total, of such port of entry when completed, is $50,000,000 or less. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON MONETARY DONATIONS .— Any monetary donation accepted pursuant to this subsection may not be used to pay the salaries of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection employees performing inspection services. ‘‘(3) U
SES.—Donations accepted pursuant to this subsection may be used for activities of the Office of Field Operations set forth in subparagraphs (A) through (F) of section 411(g)(3), which are related to a new or exist-ing sea or air port of entry or a new or exist-ing Federal Government-owned land port of entry described in paragraph (1), including expenses related to— ‘‘(A) furniture, fixtures, equipment, or technology, including the installation or de-ployment of such items; and ‘‘(B) the operation and maintenance of such furniture, fixtures, equipment, or tech-nology. ‘‘(b) R
EAL PROPERTY DONATION AUTHOR -
ITY.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection, and the Administrator of the General Services Administration, as applica-ble, may enter into an agreement with any entity to accept a donation of real property or money for uses described in paragraph (2) only with respect to the following locations at which U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion performs or will be performing inspec-tion services: ‘‘(A) A new or existing sea or air port of entry. ‘‘(B) An existing Federal Government- owned land port of entry. ‘‘(C) A new Federal Government-owned land port of entry if— ‘‘(i) the fair market value of the donation is $50,000,000 or less; and ‘‘(ii) the fair market value, including any personal and real property donations in total, of such port of entry when completed, is $50,000,000 or less. ‘‘(2) U
SE.—Donations accepted pursuant to this subsection may be used for activities of the Office of Field Operations set forth in section 411(g), which are related to the con-struction, alteration, operation, or mainte-nance of a new or existing sea or air port of entry or a new or existing a Federal Govern-ment-owned land port of entry described in paragraph (1), including expenses related to— ‘‘(A) land acquisition, design, construction, repair, or alteration; and ‘‘(B) operation and maintenance of such port of entry facility. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION ON REAL PROPERTY DONA -
TIONS .—A donation of real property under this subsection at an existing land port of entry owned by the General Services Admin-istration may only be accepted by the Ad-ministrator of General Services. ‘‘(4) S
UNSET .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The authority to enter into an agreement under this subsection shall terminate on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of this section. ‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The termi-nation date referred to in subparagraph (A) shall not apply to carrying out the terms of an agreement under this subsection if such agreement is entered into before such termi-nation date. ‘‘(c) G
ENERAL PROVISIONS .— ‘‘(1) D
URATION .—An agreement entered into under subsection (a) or (b) (and, in the case of such subsection (b), in accordance with paragraph (4) of such subsection) may last as long as required to meet the terms of such agreement. ‘‘(2) CRITERIA .—In carrying out an agree-ment entered into under subsection (a) or (b), the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in consultation with the Administrator of General Services, shall es-tablish criteria regarding— ‘‘(A) the selection and evaluation of do-nors; ‘‘(B) the identification of roles and respon-sibilities between U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the General Services Adminis-tration, and donors; ‘‘(C) the identification, allocation, and management of explicit and implicit risks of partnering between the Federal Government and donors; ‘‘(D) decision-making and dispute resolu-tion processes; and ‘‘(E) processes for U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and the General Services Admin-istration, as applicable, to terminate agree-ments if selected donors are not meeting the terms of any such agreement, including the security standards established by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. ‘‘(3) E
VALUATION PROCEDURES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in con-sultation with the Administrator of General Services, as applicable, shall— ‘‘(i) establish criteria for evaluating a pro-posal to enter into an agreement under sub-section (a) or (b); and ‘‘(ii) make such criteria publicly available. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—Criteria established pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall con-sider— ‘‘(i) the impact of a proposal referred to in such subparagraph on the land, sea, or air port of entry at issue and other ports of entry or similar facilities or other infra-structure near the location of the proposed donation; ‘‘(ii) such proposal’s potential to increase trade and travel efficiency through added ca-pacity; ‘‘(iii) such proposal’s potential to enhance the security of the port of entry at issue; ‘‘(iv) the impact of the proposal on reduc-ing wait times at that port of entry or facil-ity and other ports of entry on the same bor-der; ‘‘(v) for a donation under subsection (b)— ‘‘(I) whether such donation satisfies the re-quirements of such proposal, or whether ad-ditional real property would be required; and ‘‘(II) how such donation was acquired, in-cluding if eminent domain was used; ‘‘(vi) the funding available to complete the intended use of such donation; ‘‘(vii) the costs of maintaining and oper-ating such donation; ‘‘(viii) the impact of such proposal on U.S. Customs and Border Protection staffing re-quirements; and ‘‘(ix) other factors that the Commissioner or Administrator determines to be relevant. ‘‘(C) D
ETERMINATION AND NOTIFICATION .— ‘‘(i) I
NCOMPLETE PROPOSALS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after receiving the proposals for a donation agreement from an entity, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall notify such entity as to whether such pro-posal is complete or incomplete. ‘‘(II) R
ESUBMISSION .—If the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection de-termines that a proposal is incomplete, the Commissioner shall— ‘‘(aa) notify the appropriate entity and provide such entity with a description of all information or material that is needed to complete review of the proposal; and ‘‘(bb) allow the entity to resubmit the pro-posal with additional information and mate-rial described in item (aa) to complete the proposal. ‘‘(ii) COMPLETE PROPOSALS .—Not later than 180 days after receiving a completed proposal to enter into an agreement under subsection (a) or (b), the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, with the concurrence of the Administrator of General Services, as applicable, shall— ‘‘(I) determine whether to approve or deny such proposal; and ‘‘(II) notify the entity that submitted such proposal of such determination. ‘‘(4) S
UPPLEMENTAL FUNDING .—Except as required under section 3307 of title 40, United States Code, real property donations to the Administrator of General Services made pur-suant to subsection (a) and (b) at a GSA- owned land port of entry may be used in ad-dition to any other funding for such purpose, including appropriated funds, property, or services. ‘‘(5) R
ETURN OF DONATIONS .—The Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, or the Administrator of General Serv-ices, as applicable, may return any donation made pursuant to subsection (a) or (b). No interest shall be owed to the donor with re-spect to any donation provided under such subsections that is returned pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(6) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subsections (a) and (b) regarding the accept-ance of donations, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Ad-ministrator of General Services, as applica-ble, may not, with respect to an agreement entered into under either of such sub-sections, obligate or expend amounts in ex-cess of amounts that have been appropriated pursuant to any appropriations Act for pur-poses specified in either of such subsections or otherwise made available for any of such purposes. ‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—Before accepting any donations pursuant to an agreement under subsection (a) or (b), the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall certify to the congressional committees set forth in paragraph (7) that the donation will not be used for the con-struction of a detention facility or a border fence or wall. ‘‘(7) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in collaboration with the Administrator of Gen-eral Services, as applicable, shall submit an annual report identifying the activities un-dertaken and agreements entered into pursu-ant to subsections (a) and (b) to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; ‘‘(C) the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate; ‘‘(D) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(E) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; ‘‘(F) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(G) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(H) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(I) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; and ‘‘(J) the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(d) GAO R
EPORT .—The Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit an an-nual report to the congressional committees referred to in subsection (c)(7) that evalu-ates— ‘‘(1) fee agreements entered into pursuant to section 481; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.032 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6560 November 29, 2016 
‘‘(2) donation agreements entered into pur-suant to subsections (a) and (b); and ‘‘(3) the fees and donations received by U.S. Customs and Border Protection pursuant to such agreements. ‘‘(e) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Decisions of the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Administrator of the General Services Administration under this section regarding the acceptance of real or personal property are in the discretion of the Commissioner and the Administrator and are not subject to judicial review. ‘‘(f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Except as otherwise provided in this section, nothing in this section may be construed as affecting in any manner the responsibilities, duties, or authorities of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection or the General Services Administra-tion. 
‘‘SEC. 483. CURRENT AND PROPOSED AGREE-MENTS. 
‘‘Nothing in this subtitle or in section 4 of the Cross-Border Trade Enhancement Act of 2016 may be construed as affecting— ‘‘(1) any agreement entered into pursuant to section 560 of division D of the Consoli-dated and Further Continuing Appropria-tions Act, 2013 (Public Law 113–6) or section 559 of title V of division F of the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2014 (6 U.S.C. 211 note; Public Law 113–76), as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this subtitle, and any such agreement shall continue to have full force and effect on and after such date; or ‘‘(2) a proposal accepted for consideration by U.S. Customs and Border Protection pur-suant to such section 559, as in existence on the day before such date of enactment. 
‘‘SEC. 484. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) D
ONOR .—The term ‘donor’ means any entity that is proposing to make a donation under this Act. ‘‘(2) E
NTITY .—The term ‘entity’ means any— ‘‘(A) person; ‘‘(B) partnership, corporation, trust, es-tate, cooperative, association, or any other organized group of persons; ‘‘(C) Federal, State or local government (including any subdivision, agency or instru-mentality thereof); or ‘‘(D) any other private or governmental en-tity.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by adding at the end of the list of items relating to title IV the following: ‘‘Subtitle G—U.S. Customs and Border Protection Public Private Partnerships ‘‘Sec. 481. Fee agreements for certain serv-ices at ports of entry. ‘‘Sec. 482. Port of entry donation authority. ‘‘Sec. 483. Current and proposed agreements. ‘‘Sec. 484. Definitions.’’. SEC. 3. MODIFICATION OF EXISTING REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
Section 907(b) of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–125) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) the program for entering into reim-bursable fee agreements with U.S. Customs and Border Protection established under sec-tion 481 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002.’’. 
SEC. 4. REPEALS. 
(a) C ONTRACT AUTHORITY .—Section 560 of division D of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2013 (Public Law 113–6) is repealed. (b) P
ARTNERSHIP PILOT PROGRAM .—Section 559 of division F of the Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 2014 (6 U.S.C. 211 note; Public Law 113–76) is repealed. 
SEC. 5. WAIVER OF POLYGRAPH EXAMINATION REQUIREMENT FOR CERTAIN LAW ENFORCEMENT APPLICANTS. 
Section 3 of the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–376; 6 U.S.C. 221) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (2) in subsection (a)(1), as redesignated, by inserting ‘‘(except as provided in subsection (b))’’ after ‘‘Border Protection’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection may waive the polygraph examination requirement under subsection (a)(1) for any applicant who— ‘‘(1) is deemed suitable for employment; ‘‘(2) holds a current, active Top Secret/Sen-sitive Compartmented Information Clear-ance; ‘‘(3) has a current Single Scope Back-ground Investigation; ‘‘(4) was not granted any waivers to obtain his or her clearance; and ‘‘(5) is a veteran (as defined in section 2108 of title 5, United States Code).’’. 
SA 5116. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ELLER (for himself, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. R
EID)) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 3438, to authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a major medical facility project in Reno, Nevada; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs may carry out the following major medical facility projects, with each project to be carried out in an amount not to exceed the amount specified for that project: (1) Seismic, life safety, and utilities up-grades and expansion of clinical services in Reno, Nevada, in an amount not to exceed $213,800,000. (2) Seismic corrections to the mental health and community living center in Long Beach, California, in an amount not to ex-ceed $317,300,000. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017 or the year in which funds are appro-priated for the Construction, Major Projects, account $531,100,000 for the projects author-ized in subsection (a). (c) L
IMITATION .—The projects authorized in subsection (a) may only be carried out using— (1) funds appropriated for fiscal year 2017 or the year in which funds are appropriated for the Construction, Major Projects, ac-count pursuant to the authorization of ap-propriations in subsection (b); (2) funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2017 that remain available for obligation; (3) funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2017 that remain available for obligation; (4) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for fiscal year 2017 for a cat-egory of activity not specific to a project; (5) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2017 for a category of activity not spe-cific to a project; and (6) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2017 for a category of activity not spe-cific to a project. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on November 29, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on November 29, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Sen-ate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
h 
FOREIGN TRAVEL FINANCIAL REPORTS In accordance with the appropriate provisions of law, the Secretary of the Senate herewith submits the following re-ports for standing committees of the Senate, certain joint committees of the Congress, delegations and groups, and select and special committees of the Senate, relating to expenses incurred in the performance of authorized foreign travel: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.032 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6561 November 29, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, NUTRITION, AND FORESTRY FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Pat Roberts: England ..................................................................................................... Pound .............. ..................................... .................... 5,085.86 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 5,085.86 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 5,085.86 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 5,085.86 
SENATOR PAT ROBERTS, Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, Oct. 7, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
William Todd: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 796.82 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 796.82 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 290.02 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 290.02 Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... 500.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 500.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,331.49 .................... . ................... .................... 16,331.49 Mary Colleen Gaydos: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 796.82 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 796.82 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 290.02 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 290.02 Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... 500.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 500.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,388.51 .................... . ................... .................... 13,388.51 Laura Friedel: Haiti .......................................................................................................... Gourde .......... ........................................ .................... 619.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 619.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,810.79 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,810.79 Sarah Boliek: Haiti .......................................................................................................... Gourde .......... ........................................ .................... 619.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 619.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,810.79 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,810.79 Jeff Reczek: Haiti .......................................................................................................... Gourde .......... ........................................ .................... 619.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 619.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,810.79 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,810.79 Lisa Bernhardt: Haiti .......................................................................................................... Gourde .......... ........................................ .................... 375.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 375.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,651.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,651.00 Senator Richard Shelby: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 5,085.86 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 5,085.86 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,132.66 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,132.66 Senator Thad Cochran: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 5,085.86 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 5,085.86 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,673.76 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,673.76 Kay Webber Cochran: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 5,085.86 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 5,085.86 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,673.76 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,673.76 Linda Good: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 5,085.86 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 5,085.86 Brian Potts: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 5,085.86 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 5,085.86 Jacqui Russell: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 5,085.86 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 5,085.86 Jeremy Weirich: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 5,085.86 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 5,085.86 Jean Toal Eisen: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 5,085.86 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 5,085.86 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 561.86 .................... .... ................ .................... 561.86 Virginia Boney: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 5,085.86 .................... .................... .................... .......
............. .................... 5,085.86 Senator Lindsey Graham: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 3,715.16 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 3,715.16 Anne Caldwell: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,985.86 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,985.86 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 596.86 .................... .... ................ .................... 596.86 Rachel Santos: Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 1,341.50 .................... 3,562.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 4,903.50 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,367.76 .................... . ................... .................... 11,367.76 Patrick Carroll: Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 1,341.50 .................... 3,562.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 4,903.50 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,367.76 .................... . ................... .................... 11,367.76 Carlisle Clarke: Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 1,341.50 .................... 3,562.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 4,903.50 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,367.76 .................... . ................... .................... 11,367.76 David Gillies: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,361.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,361.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,623.66 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,623.66 Kate Kaufer: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,361.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,361.00 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 559.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 559.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 33,509.26 .................... . ................... .................... 33,509.26 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 146.81 .................... .... ................ .................... 146.81 Allen Cutler: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 674.00 .................... 170.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 844.00 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 272.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 272.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,719.00 .................... . ................... .................... 11,719.00 Alexander Carnes: Sudan ........................................................................................................ Pound ............. ...................................... .................... 1,856.00 .................... 192.42 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,048.42 Djibouti ..................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 20.00 .................... 20.00 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 818.05 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 818.05 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,632.88 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,632.88 Robert Henke: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 859.32 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 859.32 Luxembourg .............................................................................................. Euro ................... ................................... .................... 392.56 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 392.56 Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 271.92 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 271.92 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 226.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 226.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,403.17 .................... . ................... .................... 12,403.17 Patrick Magnuson: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 859.32 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 859.32 Luxembourg .............................................................................................. Euro ................... ................................... .................... 392.56 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 392.56 Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 271.92 .................... .................... ...................
. .................... .................... 271.92 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 226.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 226.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.036 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6562 November 29, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,403.17 .................... . ................... .................... 12,403.17 Tom Mancinelli: Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 576.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 576.00 Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 389.89 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 389.89 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 737.26 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 737.26 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 235.49 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 235.49 Iceland ...................................................................................................... Krona ............. ....................................... .................... 383.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 383.00 William Todd: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 355.41 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 355.41 Djibouti ..................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 230.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 230.00 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 788.80 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 788.80 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,385.76 .................... . ................... .................... 12,385.76 Senator Brian Schatz: Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 790.18 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 790.18 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 344.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 344.00 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,586.00 .................... 1,235.76 .................... ......... ........... .................... 2,821.76 Senator Christopher Murphy: Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 790.18 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 790.18 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 344.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 344.00 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,586.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,586.00 Alec Johnson: Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 790.18 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 790.18 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 344.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 344.00 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,586.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,586.00 Chris Hall: Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 790.18 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 790.18 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 344.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 344.00 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,586.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,586.00 Jennifer Santos: Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 790.18 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 790.18 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 344.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 344.00 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,586.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,586.00 Senator Barbara Mikulski: Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 922.15 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 922.15 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 721.14 .................... .... ................ .................... 721.14 Jean Toal Eisen: Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 584.43 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 584.43 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 720.84 .................... .... ................ .................... 720.84 Jason Wheelock: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 507.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 507.00 Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ...............
...................................... .................... 1,304.00 .................... 257.85 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,561.85 Timor-Leste ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 519.75 .................... 835.00 .................... ................ .... .................... 1,354.75 Indonesia .................................................................................................. Rupiah .............. .................................... .................... 833.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 833.00 Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 534.52 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 534.52 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,588.46 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,588.46 Paul Grove: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 908.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 908.00 Republic of Korea ..................................................................................... Won ...................... ................................. .................... 345.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 345.00 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 580.03 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 580.03 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 323.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 323.00 Timor-Leste ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 574.89 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 574.89 Indonesia .................................................................................................. Rupiah .............. .................................... .................... 724.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 724.00 Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 1,069.04 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,069.04 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 23,751.26 .................... . ................... .................... 23,751.26 * Delegation expenses: Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 241.11 .................... 241.11 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 17,669.42 .................... 17,669.42 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 2,542.31 .................... 2,542.31 Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 247.00 .................... 247.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,635.00 .................... 1,635.00 Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 3,462.18 .................... 3,462.18 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 138.98 .................... 138.98 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 275.01 .................... 275.01 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 199.49 .................... 199.49 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 6,026.69 .................... 6,026.69 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,637.53 .................... 1,637.53 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 2,756.76 .................... 2,756.76 Sudan ........................................................................................................ Pound ............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 354.55 .................... 354.55 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 9.47 .................... 9.47 Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,094.99 .................... 1,094.99 Timor-Leste ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 692.84 .................... 692.84 Indonesia .................................................................................................. Rupiah .............. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 65.00 .................... 65.00 Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,676.55 .................... 1,676.55 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 387.40 .................... 387.40 Iceland ...................................................................................................... Krona ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 32.50 .................... 32.50 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ...........
...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 93.97 .................... 93.97 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 248.83 .................... 248.83 Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 142.32 .................... 142.32 Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 515.83 .................... 515.83 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 101,330.15 .................... 236,527.99 .................... 42, 165.73 .................... 380.023.87 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1997. SENATOR THAD COCHRAN,Chairman, Committee on Appropriations, Oct. 25, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Roger Wicker: Georgia ...................................................................................................... Lari .............. ......................................... .................... 1,316.67 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,316.67 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,118.19 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,118.19 Joseph Lai: Georgia ...................................................................................................... Lari .............. ......................................... .................... 896.67 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 896.67 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 707.53 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 707.53 * Delegation Expenses: Georgia ...................................................................................................... Lari .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 300.00 .................... 300.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.036 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6563 November 29, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Joni Ernst: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,949.36 .................... . ................... .................... 10,949.36 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 65.03 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 65.03 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 238.77 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 238.77 Kurt Freshley: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,802.46 .................... . ................... .................... 14,802.46 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 93.85 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 93.85 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 238.77 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 238.77 Brenda Safranksi: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,949.36 .................... . ................... .................... 10,949.36 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 65.03 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 65.03 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 238.77 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 238.77 * Delegation Expenses: Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,153.35 .................... 1,153.35 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 900.00 .................... 900.00 Senator John McCain: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 20,688.72 .................... . ................... .................... 20,688.72 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 436.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 436.00 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 9.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 9.00 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 48.20 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 48.20 Kathryn Wheelbarger: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 20,688.72 .................... . ................... .................... 20,688.72 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 466.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 466.00 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 36.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 36.00 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 5.50 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 5.50 Elizabeth O’Bagy: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 20,688.72 .................... . ................... .................... 20,688.72 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 466.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 466.00 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 36.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 36.00 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 5.50 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 5.50 Senator Lindsey Graham: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 29,249.02 .................... . ................... .................... 29,249.02 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 436.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 436.00 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 15.64 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 15.64 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 27.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 27.00 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 559.22 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 559.22 Craig Abele: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 20,688.72 .................... . ................... .................... 20,688.72 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 436.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 436.00 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 9.00 .................... .................... .................... .....
............... .................... 9.00 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 27.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 27.00 Senator Joe Donnelly: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 24,402.48 .................... . ................... .................... 24,402.48 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 473.66 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 473.66 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 168.69 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 168.69 * Delegation Expenses: Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 4,929.84 .................... 4,929.84 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... 5,011.67 .................... ....... ............. .................... 5,011.67 Daniel Lerner: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,901.84 .................... . ................... .................... 12,901.84 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,712.57 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,712.57 * Delegation Expenses: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 733.00 .................... .................... .................... 733.00 Senator Roger Wicker: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,985.86 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,985.86 Joseph Lai: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,985.86 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,985.86 Senator James M. Inhofe: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,464.26 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,464.26 Anthony Lazarski: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,591.56 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,591.56 Senator Mike Rounds: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,133.86 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,133.86 Dan Adelstein: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 4,133.86 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 4,133.86 * Delegation Expenses: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 5,579.81 .................... 5,579.81 Daniel Lerner: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,079.76 .................... . ................... .................... 10,079.76 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 2,041.09 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,041.09 * Delegation Expenses: Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 314.00 .................... 53 4.00 .................... 848.00 Christian Brose: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 23,447.94 .................... . ................... .................... 23,447.94 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 589.27 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 589.27 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 360.54 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 360.54 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 427.76 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 427.76 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 971.79 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 971.79 * Delegation Expenses: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 281.18 .................... .................... .................... 281.18 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... 287.42 .................... .... ................ .................... 287.42 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 326.24 .................... .. .................. .................... 326.24 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 251.66 .................... . ................... .................... 251.66 Cord Sterling: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,656.52 .................... . ................... .................... 18,656.52 Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 213.53 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 213.53 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 778.92 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 778.92 Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... 450.79 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 450.79 
*Delegation Expenses: Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 120.18 .................... 120.18 Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 322.80 .................... .. .................. .................... 322.80 Adam Barker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,001.58 .................... . ................... .................... 14,001.58 Cameroon .................................................................................................. Franc ................ .................................... .................... 690.02 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 690.02 Thomas Goffus: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,244.86 .................... . ................... .................... 18,244.86 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 31.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 31.00 Azerbaijan ................................................................................................. Manat ............... .................................... .................... 317.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 317.00 Georgia ...................................................................................................... Lari .............. ......................................... .................... 616.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 616.00 Armenia ..................................................................................................... Dram ............... ...................................... .................... 289.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 289.00 Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 95.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 95.00 Bosnia & Herzegovina .............................................................................. Marka ........................ ........................... .................... 493.00 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 493.00 Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 525.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 525.00 Albania ...................................................................................................... Lek ............... ......................................... .................... 205.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 205.00 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 361.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 361.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.036 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6564 November 29, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Macedonia ................................................................................................. Denar ................ .................................... .................... 262.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 262.00 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 420.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 420.00 Kathryn Wheelbarger: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,330.86 .................... . ................... .................... 18,330.86 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 82.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 82.00 Azerbaijan ................................................................................................. Manat ............... .................................... .................... 317.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 317.00 Georgia ...................................................................................................... Lari .............. ......................................... .................... 604.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 604.00 Armenia ..................................................................................................... Dram ............... ...................................... .................... 289.60 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 289.60 Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 95.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 95.00 Bosnia & Herzegovina .............................................................................. Marka ........................ ........................... .................... 495.00 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 495.00 Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 523.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 523.00 Albania ...................................................................................................... Lek ............... ......................................... .................... 204.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 204.00 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 350.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 350.00 Macedonia ................................................................................................. Denar ................ .................................... .................... 266.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 266.00 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 433.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 433.00 Dustin Walker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,547.66 .................... . ................... .................... 18,547.66 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 7.50 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 7.50 Azerbaijan ................................................................................................. Manat ............... .................................... .................... 233.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 233.00 Georgia ...................................................................................................... Lari .............. ......................................... .................... 540.20 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 540.20 Armenia ..................................................................................................... Dram ............... ...................................... .................... 290.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 290.00 Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 95.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 95.00 Bosnia & Herzegovina .............................................................................. Marka ........................ ........................... .................... 482.50 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 482.50 Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 425.10 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 425.10 Albania ...................................................................................................... Lek ............... ......................................... .................... 154.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 154.00 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 333.20 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 333.20 Macedonia ................................................................................................. Denar ................ .................................... .................... 175.50 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 175.50 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 322.05 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 322.05 Mariah McNamara: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,244.86 .................... . ................... .................... 18,244.86 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 58.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 58.00 Azerbaijan ................................................................................................. Manat ............... .................................... .................... 342.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 342.00 Georgia ...................................................................................................... Lari .............. ......................................... .................... 629.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 629.00 Armenia ..................................................................................................... Dram ............... ...................................... .................... 290.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 290.00 Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 95.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 95.00 Bosnia & Herzegovina .............................................................................. Marka ........................ ........................... .................... 495.00 .................... .................... .................... .............
....... .................... 495.00 Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 548.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 548.00 Albania ...................................................................................................... Lek ............... ......................................... .................... 198.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 198.00 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 372.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 372.00 Macedonia ................................................................................................. Denar ................ .................................... .................... 256.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 256.00 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 433.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 433.00 
*Delegation Expenses: Azerbaijan ................................................................................................. Manat ............... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 287.94 .................... 287.94 Georgia ...................................................................................................... Lari .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 510.82 .................... 510.82 Armenia ..................................................................................................... Dram ............... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 480.28 .................... .. .................. .................... 480.28 Bosnia & Herzegovina .............................................................................. Marka ........................ ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 320.33 .................... 320.33 Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 668.00 .................... 668.00 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... 168.00 ................... . .................... .................... 168.00 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 402.58 .................... 402.58 Jonathan Epstein: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,773.96 .................... . ................... .................... 18,773.96 Kazakhstan ............................................................................................... Tenge ................. ................................... .................... 572.96 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 572.96 Armenia ..................................................................................................... Dram ............... ...................................... .................... 305.82 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 305.82 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 580.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 580.00 Moldova ..................................................................................................... Leu ................ ........................................ .................... 616.04 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 616.04 Belarus ...................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 381.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 381.00 
*Delegation Expenses: Armenia ..................................................................................................... Dram ............... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 258.64 .................... .. .................. .................... 258.64 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 257.17 .................... .. .................. .................... 257.17 Cord Sterling: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,094.82 .................... . ................... .................... 15,094.82 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 504.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 504.00 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 893.33 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 893.33 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 743.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 743.00 Kathryn Wheelbarger: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,094.82 .................... . ................... .................... 15,094.82 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 504.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 504.00 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 715.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 715.00 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 768.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 768.00 David E. Sayers: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,094.82 .................... . ................... .................... 15,094.82 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 504.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 504.00 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 715.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 715.00 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 768.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 768.00 * Delegation Expenses: Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 241.00 .................... . ................... .................... 241.00 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 551.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 551.00 Senator Bill Nelson: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 900.20 .................... .... ................ .................... 900.20 Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 667.83 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 667.83 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 303.27 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 303.27 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 285.49 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 285.49 Iceland ...................................................................................................... Krona ............. ....................................... .................... 316.14 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 316.14 Mathew Williams: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 900.20 .................... .... ................ .................... 900.20 Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 691.29 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 691.29 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 262.86 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 262.86 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 207.57 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 207.57 Iceland ...................................................................................................... Krona ............. ....................................... .................... 306.52 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 306.52 * Delegation Expenses: Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 1,031.65 .................... 1,031.65 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 241.63 .................... .. .................. .................... 241.63 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 476.66 .................... .................... .................... 476.66 Iceland ...................................................................................................... Krona ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 74.28 .................... 74.28 Senator Angus King: Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 905.38 .................... ....
................ .................... 905.38 Stephen Smith: Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... 905.25 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 905.25 Morgan Cashwell: Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... 895.67 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 895.67 Delegation Expenses: Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,928.23 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,928.23 Alex Wong: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,255.57 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,255.57 Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 1,297.07 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,297.07 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.036 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6565 November 29, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Sweden ...................................................................................................... Krona .............. ...................................... .................... 725.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 725.00 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 743.11 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 743.11 * Delegation Expenses: Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,458.74 .................... .................... .................... 1,458.74 Sweden ...................................................................................................... Krona .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 533.50 .................... 49 3.50 .................... 1,027.00 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... 255.64 ................... . .................... .................... 255.64 Senator Martin Heinrich: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,178.08 .................... . ................... .................... 12,178.08 Djibouti ..................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 398.03 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 398.03 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 949.49 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 949.49 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 61.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 61.00 Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 370.24 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 370.24 Tony Samp: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,178.08 .................... . ................... .................... 12,178.08 Djibouti ..................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 398.03 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 398.03 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 949.49 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 949.49 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 61.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 61.00 Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 370.24 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 370.24 * Delegation Expenses: Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 309.69 .................... 309.69 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,450.00 ................ .... .................... .................... 3,450.00 Senator Lindsey Graham: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,357.76 .................... . ................... .................... 13,357.76 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,945.27 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,945.27 * Delegation Expenses: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,025.64 ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,025.64 Anish Goel: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,861.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,861.36 Sweden ...................................................................................................... Krona .............. ...................................... .................... 61.49 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 61.49 Adam Barker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,441.46 .................... . ................... .................... 12,441.46 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 580.88 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 580.88 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 411.88 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 411.88 * Delegation Expenses: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 600.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 600.00 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... 488.51 ................. ... .................... .................... 488.51 Anish Goel: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,030.62 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,030.62 Peru ........................................................................................................... Sol ............. ........................................... .................... 1,167.38 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,167.38 James B. Hickey: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,407.66 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,407.66 
Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 210.94 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 210.94 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 727.33 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 727.33 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 194.55 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 194.55 Poland ....................................................................................................... Zioty ............. ......................................... .................... 687.69 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 687.69 * Delegation Expenses: Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... 668.90 ................... . .................... .................... 668.90 James B. Hickey: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,950.46 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,950.46 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 10.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 10.00 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 829.65 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 829.65 * Delegation Expenses: Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... 269.97 ................... . .................... .................... 269.97 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 37.80 .................... 37.80 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 84,779.28 .................... 493,870.17 .................... 17,6 53.77 .................... 596,303.22 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JOHN McCAIN,Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Nov. 2, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON BANKING, HOUSING, AND URBAN AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Ben Sasse: Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 28.50 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 28.50 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 28.50 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 28.50 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,621.66 .................... . ................... .................... 13,621.66 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 57.00 .................... 13,621.66 .................... 0.00 .... ................ 13,678.66 
SENATOR RICHARD C. SHELBY,Chairman, Committee on Banking, Oct. 25, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE, SCIENCE, AND TRANSPORTATION FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
B.Bailey Edwards: Greenland ................................................................................................. Krone ................ .................................... .................... 739.59 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 739.59 Iceland ...................................................................................................... Krona ............. ....................................... .................... 244.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 244.00 Nicholas Cummings: Greenland ................................................................................................. Krone ................ .................................... .................... 684.59 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 684.59 Iceland ...................................................................................................... Krona ............. ....................................... .................... 304.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 304.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,972.18 .................... 0.00 .................... 0.00 ...... .............. 1,972.18 
SENATOR JOHN THUNE, Chairman, Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, Nov. 7, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.036 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6566 November 29, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
David Gillers: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,539.06 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,539.06 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 1,330.90 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,330.90 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,330.90 .................... 2,539.06 .................... 0.00 .. .................. 3,869.96 
SENATOR LISA MURKOWSKI, Chairman, Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, Oct. 5, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC WORKS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Cory A. Booker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,116.29 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,116.29 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,550.00 ................ .... .................... .................... 4,550.00 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 523.31 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 523.31 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,932.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,932.00 Sophia Lalani: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,467.49 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,467.49 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 6.00 .................... 4,550.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 4,550.00 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 635.22 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 635.22 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,951.58 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,951.58 Matthew B. Klapper: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,116.29 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,116.29 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,550.00 ................ .... .................... .................... 4,550.00 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 477.41 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 477.41 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,846.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,846.00 * Delegation Expenses: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 881.39 .................... 881.39 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 10,440.13 .................... 10,440.13 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 7,371.52 .................... 41,350.07 .................... 11,321 .52 .................... 60,043.11 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JAMES INHOFE, Chairman, Committee on Environment and Public Works, Oct. 27, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FINANCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Tim Scott: Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 770.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 770.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,683.39 .................... . ................... .................... 10,683.39 Jennifer DeCasper: Israel ......................................................................................................... Sheckel ......... ........................................ .................... 770.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 770.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,835.39 .................... . ................... .................... 11,835.39 Brian Goff: Israel ......................................................................................................... Sheckel ......... ........................................ .................... 770.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 770.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,683.39 .................... . ................... .................... 10,683.39 Christopher Campbell: Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 3,008.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 3,008.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 984.99 .................... .... ................ .................... 984.99 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 0.00 Everett Eissenstat: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Swiss Franc .......... ................................ .................... 1,657.01 .................... 11,959.06 .................... ................ .... .................... 13,616.07 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,959.06 .................... . ................... .................... 11,959.06 Shane Warren: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Swiss Franc .......... ................................ .................... 1,674.39 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 1,674.39 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,959.06 .................... . ................... .................... 11,959.06 Christopher Campbell: Thailand .................................................................................................... Thai Bhat .......... ................................... .................... 809.18 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 809.18 Brunei ....................................................................................................... Brunei Dollar ..... ................................... .................... 347.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 347.00 Singapore .................................................................................................. Singapore Dollar .... ............................... .................... 744.47 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 744.47 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 33,795.22 .................... . ................... .................... 33,795.22 Everett Eissenstat: India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... 464.17 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 464.17 Thailand .................................................................................................... Thai Bhat .......... ................................... .................... 526.12 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 526.12 Brunei ....................................................................................................... Brunei Dollar ..... ................................... .................... 352.14 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 352.14 Singapore .................................................................................................. Singapore Dollar .... ............................... .................... 1,034.36 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,034.36 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 32,656.90 .................... . ................... .................... 32,656.90 Shane Warren: India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... 450.59 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 450.59 Thailand .................................................................................................... Thai Bhat .......... ................................... .................... 562.94 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 562.94 Brunei ....................................................................................................... Brunei Dollar ..... ................................... .................... 347.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 347.00 Singapore .................................................................................................. Singapore Dollar .... ............................... .................... 1,120.54 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,120.54 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 32,656.90 .................... . ................... .................... 32,656.90 Jay Khosla: India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... 450.14 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 450.14 Thailand .................................................................................................... Thai Bhat .......... ................................... .................... 559.02 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 559.02 Brunei ....................................................................................................... Brunei Dollar ..... ................................... .................... 347.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 347.00 Singapore .................................................................................................. Singapore Dollar ....
............................... .................... 1,068.49 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,068.49 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 32,321.90 .................... . ................... .................... 32,321.90 * Delegation Expenses United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 2,180.91 .................... 2,180.91 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.036 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6567 November 29, 2016 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 17,832.56 .................... 201,495.26 .................... 2,18 0.91 .................... 221,508.73 
* Delegation Expenses include transportation, embassy overtime, as well as official expenses in accordance with the responsibili ties of the host country. SENATOR ORRIN HATCH,Chairman, Committee on Finance, Oct. 26, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator John Barrasso: United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 285.00 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 285.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,894.60 .................... . ................... .................... 15,894.60 Charles Ziegler: United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 285.00 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 285.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,788.16 .................... . ................... .................... 15,788.16 * Delegation Expenses: United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 513.92 .................... 513.92 Senator Christopher Coons: Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 578.89 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 578.89 Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 113.29 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 113.29 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Kroon ............. ....................................... .................... 574.93 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 574.93 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 199.62 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 199.62 Iceland ...................................................................................................... Kronur ............ ....................................... .................... 319.88 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 319.88 Christy Gleason: Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 574.99 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 574.99 Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 387.75 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 387.75 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Kroon ............. ....................................... .................... 573.05 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 573.05 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 236.46 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 236.46 Iceland ...................................................................................................... Kronur ............ ....................................... .................... 327.37 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 327.37 * Delegation Expenses: Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 802.38 .................... 802.38 Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 284.64 .................... 284.64 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Kroon ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 497.66 .................... 497.66 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 130.24 .................... 130.24 Iceland ...................................................................................................... Kronur ............ ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 452.00 .................... 452.00 Senator Edward Markey: Cabo Verde ............................................................................................... Escudo ................ .................................. .................... 182.24 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 182.24 Senegal ..................................................................................................... CFA Franc .......... ................................... .................... 889.32 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 889.32 Liberia ....................................................................................................... Liberian dollar .. .................................... .................... 685.62 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 685.62 Nigeria ...................................................................................................... Nairas ............ ....................................... .................... 1,050.84 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,050.84 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 315.33 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 315.33 Phillip McGovern: Cabo Verde ............................................................................................... Escudo ................ .................................. .................... 142.71 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 142.71 Senegal ..................................................................................................... CFA Franc .......... ................................... .................... 678.68 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 678.68 Liberia ....................................................................................................... Liberian dollar .. .................................... .................... 645.54 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 645.54 Nigeria ...................................................................................................... Nairas ............ ....................................... .................... 787.52 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 787.52 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 281.62 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 281.62 * Delegation Expenses: Cabo Verde ............................................................................................... Escudo ................ .................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .............
....... 259.01 .................... 259.01 Senegal ..................................................................................................... CFA Franc .......... ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 1,107.00 .................... 1,107.00 Nigeria ...................................................................................................... Nairas ............ ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 2,115.75 .................... 2,115.75 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 521.52 .................... 521.52 Sarah Downs: Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 580.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 580.00 Nicaragua ................................................................................................. Cordoba .............. .................................. .................... 424.14 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 424.14 Costa Rica ................................................................................................ Costa Rican Colon .... ........................... .................... 561.80 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 561.80 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,719.18 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,719.18 Caleb McCarry: Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 580.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 580.00 Nicaragua ................................................................................................. Cordoba .............. .................................. .................... 424.14 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 424.14 Costa Rica ................................................................................................ Costa Rican Colon .... ........................... .................... 561.80 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 561.80 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,719.18 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,719.18 * Delegation Expenses: Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 985.00 .................... 985.00 Nicaragua ................................................................................................. Cordoba .............. .................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 365.51 .................... 365.51 Costa Rica ................................................................................................ Costa Rican Colon .... ........................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 994.65 .................... 994.65 Heather Flynn: Burundi ..................................................................................................... Burundi Francs ..... ................................ .................... 597.00 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 597.00 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 2,105.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 2,105.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,780.66 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,780.66 * Delegation Expenses: Burundi ..................................................................................................... Burundi Francs ..... ................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 1,108.89 .................... 1,108.89 Chris Ford: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 1,364.20 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,364.20 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 677.13 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 677.13 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,427.46 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,427.46 Jim Greene: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 1,451.70 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,451.70 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 948.55 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 948.55 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 699.94 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 699.94 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 1,388.26 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,388.26 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,263.96 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,263.96 Jonathan Tsentas: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 1,468.41 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,468.41 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 988.55 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 988.55 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 685.82 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 685.82 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 929.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 929.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,263.96 .................... ..
.................. .................... 3,263.96 * Delegation Expenses: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 108.14 .................... 108.14 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 235.44 .................... 235.44 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 345.61 .................... 345.61 Josh Klein: Greenland ................................................................................................. Danish Krone ......... ............................... .................... 687.00 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 687.00 Norway ...................................................................................................... Norwegian Krone .... .............................. .................... 1,140.83 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 1,140.83 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,798.26 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,798.26 Charlotte Oldham-Moore: Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 1,155.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,155.00 Democratic Republic of Congo ................................................................. Congolese Franc ................... ................ .................... 515.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 515.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,054.08 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,054.08 * Delegation Expenses: Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 275.00 .................... 275.00 Democratic Republic of Congo ................................................................. Congolese Franc ................... ................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 224.10 .... ................ 224.10 Damian Murphy: Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghanis .............. ................................. .................... 134.15 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 134.15 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupees ............. ..................................... .................... 207.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 207.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,742.76 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,742.76 Margaret Taylor: Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghanis .............. ................................. .................... 20.00 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 20.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.036 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6568 November 29, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupees ............. ..................................... .................... 407.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 407.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,742.76 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,742.76 * Delegation Expenses: Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupees ............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 249.03 .................... 249.03 Morgan Vina: Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Rwandan Francs ...... ............................ .................... 642.00 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 642.00 * Delegation Expenses: Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Rwandan Francs ...... ............................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 268.50 .................... 268.50 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 31,459.07 .................... 64,195.02 .................... 11,84 3.99 .................... 107,498.08 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR BOB CORKER, Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, Oct. 27, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY & GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM JAN. 1 TO MAR. 31, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Thomas R. Carper: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,219.79 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,219.79 Guatemala ................................................................................................ Quetzal ............... .................................. .................... 92.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 92.00 El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 44.17 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 44.17 Holly Idelson: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,509.39 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,509.39 Guatemala ................................................................................................ Quetzal ............... .................................. .................... 24.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 24.00 El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 50.17 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 50.17 Senator Tammy Baldwin: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 318.54 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 318.54 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 979.80 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 979.80 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 447.73 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 447.73 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 306.62 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 306.62 Senator Heidi Heitkamp: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 364.94 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 364.94 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 847.18 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 847.18 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 495.30 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 495.30 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 356.78 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 356.78 Senator Cory Booker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,160.26 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,160.26 Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 330.14 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 330.14 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,100.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,100.00 Saudi Arbaia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 509.33 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 509.33 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 100.51 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 100.51 Senator Gary Peters: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 360.19 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 360.19 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,081.50 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,081.50 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 490.55 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 490.55 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 352.03 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 352.03 Tessa Gould: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 374.30 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 374.30 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,095.61 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,095.61 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 504.65 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 504.65 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 366.13 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 366.13 Eric Feldman: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 297.51 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 297.51 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 936.77 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 936.77 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 482.17 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 482.17 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 370.53 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 370.53 
Jeremy Steslicki: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 318.54 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 318.54 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 976.80 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 976.80 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 447.73 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 447.73 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 306.60 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 306.60 William ‘‘Bill’’ Murat: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 318.84 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 318.84 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 977.40 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 977.40 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 448.03 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 448.03 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 306.92 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 306.92 Matthew Klapper: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 330.14 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 330.14 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,100.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,100.00 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 509.33 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 509.33 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 128.84 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 128.84 Sophia Lalani: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 330.14 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 330.14 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,100.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,100.00 Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................. Riyal ................. .................................... .................... 509.33 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 509.33 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 246.68 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 246.68 Jose ‘‘Joske’’ Bautista: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,855.07 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,855.07 Brazil ......................................................................................................... Real ............ .......................................... .................... 580.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 580.00 Argentina .................................................................................................. Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 691.61 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 691.61 Uruguay ..................................................................................................... Peso ............... ....................................... .................... 231.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 231.00 Senator Ben Sasse: Burma ....................................................................................................... Kyat ............... ....................................... .................... 676.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 676.00 Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... 468.21 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 468.21 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 917.21 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 917.21 * Delegation Expenses: El Salvador ............................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 931.69 .................... 931.69 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 24,998.50 .................... 7,744.51 .................... 931.69  .................... 33,674.70 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR RON JOHNSON, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs, Sept. 23, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.036 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6569 November 29, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY & GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Jose Bautista: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,005.56 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,005.56 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 1,527.98 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,527.98 Brooke Ericson: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,771.76 .................... . ................... .................... 10,771.76 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 804.59 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 804.59 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,170.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,170.82 David Luckey: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,771.76 .................... . ................... .................... 10,771.76 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 801.59 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 801.59 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,166.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,166.82 Gabrielle D’Adamo: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,771.76 .................... . ................... .................... 10,771.76 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 777.51 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 777.51 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,230.85 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,230.85 Gabrielle Batkin: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,771.76 .................... . ................... .................... 10,771.76 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 909.59 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 909.59 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 691.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 691.00 Stephen Vina: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,771.76 .................... . ................... .................... 10,771.76 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 814.65 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 814.65 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,203.40 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,203.40 Senator Gary Peters: Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 513.63 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 513.63 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 172.38 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 172.38 Iceland ...................................................................................................... Krona ............. ....................................... .................... 237.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 237.00 Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 487.04 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 487.04 Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 354.93 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 354.93 David Weinberg: Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 541.71 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 541.71 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 193.42 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 193.42 Iceland ...................................................................................................... Krona ............. ....................................... .................... 266.82 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 266.82 Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 503.33 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 503.33 Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 439.89 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 439.89 * Delegation Expenses: South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,193.88 .................... 1,193.88 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 14,808.95 .................... 54,864.36 .................... 1,193 .88 .................... 70,867.19 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR RON JOHNSON, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs, Oct. 18, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator John Cornyn: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,601.86 .................... . ................... .................... 13,601.86 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 61.00 .................... 1,725.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,786.00 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 83.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 83.00 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Rial ............. .......................................... .................... 319.65 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 319.65 Carter Burwell: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,997.86 .................... . ................... .................... 12,997.86 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 61.00 .................... 1,725.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,786.00 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 83.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 83.00 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Rial ............. .......................................... .................... 319.65 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 319.65 * Delegation Expenses: Qatar ......................................................................................................... Rial ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 244.76 .................... 244.76 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 113.61 .................... 113.61 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 927.30 .................... 30,049.72 .................... 358.37 . ................... 31,335.39 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR CHUCK GRASSLEY,Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Oct. 25, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Peter Oppenheim: South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 2,040.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 2,040.00 Mary Sumpter Lapinski: South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 1,978.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,978.00 * Delegation Expenses: South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 303.13 .................... 303.13 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 4,018.00 .................... .................... ................ .... 303.13 .................... 4,321.13 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under the authority of Sec. 502(b) of the M utual Security Act of 1954, as amended by Sec. 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179, agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR LAMAR ALEXANDER, Chairman, Committee on Health, Labor, and Pensions, Oct 25, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.036 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6570 November 29, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator David Vitter: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 3,207.39 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 3,207.39 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,111.66 .................... . ................... .................... 15,111.66 Meredith West: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 2,969.38 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 2,969.38 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 21,961.72 .................... . ................... .................... 21,961.72 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 6,176.77 .................... 37,073.38 .................... 0.00 . ................... 43,250.15 
SENATOR DAVID VITTER, Chairman, Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, Oct. 27, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), U.S. SENATE SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Chad Tanner: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 600.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 600.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 516.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 516.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... 226.00 ......... ........... .................... .................... 226.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 452.00 .................... 452.00 Randy Bookout: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 984.13 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 984.13 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 136.66 .................... 136.66 Paul Matulic: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 984.13 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 984.13 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 136.66 .................... 136.66 Ryan White: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 984.13 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 984.13 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 136.66 .................... 136.66 Chris Joyner: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 1,052.00 .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... 1,052.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 251.66 .................... 251.66 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 680.03 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 680.03 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 362.24 .................... 362.24 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 395.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 395.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 287.42 .................... 287.42 John Matchison: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 1,137.00 .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... 1,137.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,900.00 ....... ............. .................... .................... 7,900.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 150.00 .................... 150.00 Jongsun Kim: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 1,137.00 .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... 1,137.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,900.00 ....... ............. .................... .................... 7,900.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 150.00 .................... 150.00 Senator Tom Cotton: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 250.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 250.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,921.46 ....... ............. .................... .................... 6,921.46 Ryan Tully: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 250.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 250.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,921.46 ....... ............. .................... .................... 6,921.46 Paul Matulic: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 1,074.00 .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... 1,074.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 1,236.00 .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... 1,236.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,520.00 ....... ............. .................... .................... 4,520.00 Hayden Milberg: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 1,074.00 .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... 1,074.00 
................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 1,236.00 .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... 1.236.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,520.00 ....... ............. .................... .................... 4,520.00 Senator James Lankford: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 480.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 480.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,400.00 ....... ............. .................... .................... 1,400.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 835.00 .................... 835.00 Emily Harding: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 480.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 480.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,400.00 ....... ............. .................... .................... 1,400.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 835.00 .................... 835.00 Adam Farris: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 480.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 480.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,400.00 ....... ............. .................... .................... 1,400.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 835.00 .................... 835.00 Brian Walsh: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 142.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 142.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 332.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 332.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 135.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 135.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,847.26 ...... .............. .................... .................... 12,847.26 Randy Bookout: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 142.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 142.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 332.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 332.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 135.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 135.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,847.26 ...... .............. .................... .................... 12,847.26 Walter Weiss: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 497.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 497.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 641.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 641.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 409.50 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 409.50 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,722.16 ....... ............. .................... .................... 8,722.16 Mike Pevzner: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 497.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 497.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 641.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 641.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 409.50 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 409.50 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,722.16 ....... ............. .................... .................... 8,722.16 Senator Tom Cotton: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 534.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 534.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 189.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 189.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 537.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 537.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,495.86 ...... .............. .................... .................... 12,495.86 
Ryan Tully: ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 534.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 534.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.036 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6571 November 29, 2016 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), U.S. SENATE SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 189.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 189.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 537.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 537.00 ................................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,495.86 ...... .............. .................... .................... 12,495.86 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 21,862.42 .................... 111,239.48 .................... 4,56 8.30 .................... 137,670.20 
SENATOR RICHARD BURR, Chairman, Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, Nov. 7, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Ambassador David Killion: Georgia ...................................................................................................... Lari .............. ......................................... .................... 885.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 885.00 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,110.42 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,110.42 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... * Delegation Expenses: Georgia ...................................................................................................... Lari .............. ......................................... .................... 2,490.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 2,490.00 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 305.22 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 305.22 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 1,487.25 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,487.25 Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,029.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,029.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,193.56 .................... . ................... .................... 13,193.56 * Delegation Expenses: United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 779.72 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 779.72 Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,001.70 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,001.70 Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 2,253.44 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 2,254.44 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,522.96 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,522.96 * Delegation Expenses: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 72.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 72.92 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 11,414.67 .................... 22,716.52 .................... ..... ............... .................... 34,131.19 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR ROGER F. WICKER, Chairman, Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, Oct. 11, 2016. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), MAJORITY LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Thomas Hawkins: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 27,610.86 .................... . ................... .................... 27,610.86 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 932.31 .................... 1,007.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 1,939.31 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 560.33 .................... 1,166.87 .................... 199.25 ...... .............. 1,926.45 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 395.00 .................... 862.27 .................... ................. ... .................... 1,257.27 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 888.30 .................... 1,124.71 .................... ........... ......... .................... 2,013.01 Thomas Hawkins: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,100.86 .................... . ................... .................... 13,100.86 Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 749.50 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 749.50 Sweden ...................................................................................................... Krona .............. ...................................... .................... 652.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 652.00 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 793.11 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 793.11 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 4,970.55 .................... 44,872.57 .................... 199.25  .................... 50,042.37 
SENATOR MITCH McCONNELL,Majority Leader, Nov. 18. 2016. h 
AUTHORIZING RETURN OF PAPERS REQUEST Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sec-retary of the Senate be authorized to request the return of the papers with respect to H. Con. Res. 122 so that the enrolling clerk may make a technical correction. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PUBLIC SAFETY OFFICERS’ BENE-FITS IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 513, S. 2944. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 2944) to require adequate report-ing on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefit program, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on the Judiciary, with amendments, as follows: (The parts of the bill intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italics.) S. 2944 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Public Safe-ty Officers’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORTS. 
Section 1205 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796c) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘Rules, regulations, and procedures issued under this part may include regulations based on stand-ards developed by another Federal agency for programs related to public safety officer death or disability claims.’’ øafter ‘‘before the Bureau.’’;¿ before the last sentence; (2) in subsection (b)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.036 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6572 November 29, 2016 
(A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘In making’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) In making a determination under sec-tion 1201, the Bureau shall give substantial weight to the evidence and all findings of fact presented by a State, local, or Federal administrative or investigative agency re-garding eligibility for death or disability benefits.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e)(1)(A) Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Bu-reau shall make available on the public website of the Bureau information on all death, disability, and educational assistance claims submitted under this part that are pending as of the date on which the informa-tion is made available. ‘‘(B) Not less frequently than once per week, the Bureau shall make available on the public website of the Bureau updated in-formation with respect to all death, dis-ability, and educational assistance claims submitted under this part that are pending as of the date on which the information is made available. ‘‘(C) The information made available under this paragraph shall include— ‘‘(i) for each pending claim— ‘‘(I) the date on which the claim was sub-mitted to the Bureau; ‘‘(II) the State of residence of the claim-ant; ‘‘(III) an anonymized, identifying claim number; and ‘‘(IV) the nature of the claim; and ‘‘(ii) the total number of pending claims that were submitted to the Bureau more than 1 year before the date on which the in-formation is made available. ‘‘(2)(A) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, and every 180 days thereafter, the Bureau shall submit to Congress a report on the death, disability, and educational assistance claims submitted under this part during the 180-day period preceding the report. ‘‘(B) Each report submitted under subpara-graph (A) shall include information on— ‘‘(i) the total number of claims, and the na-ture of each claim, submitted to the Bureau; ‘‘(ii) the number of claims for which a final determination has been made; ‘‘(iii) the number of claims for which a final determination has not been reached and the basis for the delay; ‘‘(iv) the amount of time required to proc-ess each claim for which a final determina-tion has been made øand, for any claim which could not be processed within 1 year of being submitted to the Bureau, the basis for any delay¿; ‘‘(v) the number of claims submitted that are related to exposure due to the September 11th, 2001, terrorism attacks and the average award amount for any such claims for which a final determination has been made; ‘‘(vi) the result of each claim for which a final determination was made during the 180- day period, including the number of claims rejected and the basis for any denial of bene-fits; ‘‘(vii) the number of claims øthat were ap-pealed¿ for which a final determination was made and appealed during the 180-day period ; ‘‘(viii) the average number of claims proc-essed per reviewer of the Bureau; and ø‘‘(ix) the average amount of time each agency takes to submit all required informa-tion and documents to the Bureau. ¿ ‘‘(ix) information on the compliance of the Bureau with the obligation to offset award amounts under section 1201(f)(3), including— ‘‘(I) the number of claims that are eligible for compensation under both this part and the Sep-tember 11th Victim Compensation Fund of 2001 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note; Public Law 107–42) (com-monly referred to as the ‘VCF’); ‘‘(II) for each claim described in subclause (I) for which compensation has been paid under the VCF, the amount of compensation paid under the VCF; ‘‘(III) the number of claims described in sub-clause (I) for which the Bureau has made a final determination; and ‘‘(IV) the number of claims described in sub-clause (I) for which the Bureau has not made a final determination. ‘‘(3) Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of the Public Safety Officers’ Bene-fits Improvement Act of 2016, and every 5 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— ‘‘(A) conduct a study on the compliance of the Bureau with the obligation to offset award amounts under section 1201(f)(3); and ‘‘(B) submit to Congress a report on the study conducted under subparagraph (A) that in-cludes an assessment of whether the Bureau has provided the information required under sub-paragraph (B)(ix) of paragraph (2) of this sub-section in each report required under that para-graph. ‘‘ø(3)¿(4) In this subsection, the term ‘na-ture of the claim’ means whether the claim is a claim for— ‘‘(A) benefits under this subpart with re-spect to the death of a public safety officer; ‘‘(B) benefits under this subpart with re-spect to the disability of a public safety offi-cer; or ‘‘(C) education assistance under subpart 2.’’. 
SEC. 3. AGE LIMITATION FOR CHILDREN. 
Section 1212(c) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796d–1(c)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘No child’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), no child’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
ELAYED APPROVALS .— ‘‘(A) E
DUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE APPLICATION .— If a claim for assistance under this subpart is approved more than 1 year after the date on which the application for such assistance is filed with the Attorney General, the age limita-tion under this subsection shall be extended by the length of the period— ‘‘(i) beginning on the day after the date that is 1 year after the date on which the application is filed; and ‘‘(ii) ending on the date on which the applica-tion is approved. ‘‘(B) C
LAIM FOR BENEFITS FOR DEATH OR PER -
MANENT AND TOTAL DISABILITY .—In addition to an extension under subparagraph (A), if any, for an application for assistance under this sub-part that relates to a claim for benefits under subpart 1 that was approved more than 1 year after the date on which the claim was filed with the Attorney General, the age limitation under this subsection shall be extended by the length of the period— ‘‘(i) beginning on the day after the date that is 1 year after the date on which the claim for benefits is submitted; and ‘‘(ii) ending on the date on which the claim for benefits is approved.’’. 
SEC. 4. DUE DILIGENCE IN PAYING BENEFIT CLAIMS. 
Subpart 1 of part L of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1206. DUE DILIGENCE IN PAYING BENEFIT CLAIMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Bureau, with all due diligence, shall expeditiously attempt to obtain the information and documentation necessary to adjudicate a benefit claim filed under this part, including a claim for financial assistance under subpart 2. ‘‘(b) S
UFFICIENT INFORMATION UNAVAIL -
ABLE.—If a benefit claim filed under this part, including a claim for financial assistance under subpart 2, is unable to be adjudicated by the Bureau because of a lack of information or doc-umentation from a third party, such as a public agency, the Bureau may not abandon the ben-efit claim unless the Bureau has utilized the in-vestigative tools available to the Bureau to ob-tain the necessary information or documenta-tion, including subpoenas.’’. SEC. 5. PRESUMPTION THAT OFFICER ACTED PROPERLY. 
Section 1202 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796a) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘No benefit’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—No benefit’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) P
RESUMPTION .—In determining whether a benefit is payable under this part, the Bureau shall— ‘‘(1) presume that none of the limitations de-scribed in subsection (a) apply; and ‘‘(2) have the burden of establishing by clear and convincing evidence that a limitation de-scribed in subsection (a) applies.’’. 
SEC. 6. EFFECTIVE DATE; APPLICABILITY. 
The amendments made by this Act shall— (1) take effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) apply to any benefit claim or application under part L of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796 et seq.) that is— (A) pending before the Bureau of Justice As-sistance on the date of enactment; or (B) received by the Bureau on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today, the Senate reiterates its commitment to our Nation’s law enforcement offi-cers, firefighters, and other first re-sponders. Forty years ago, we created the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Program, PSOB, to support first re-sponders who made the ultimate sac-rifice. We have now passed legislation to make much needed improvements to the claims adjudication process, which for too long has been plagued by red tape and delays. Today’s legislation builds upon my past efforts to improve the PSOB pro-gram. In 2003, I worked with a bipar-tisan group of senators to pass the Hometown Heroes Survivors Benefits Act, which recognized that law enforce-ment officers who suffer fatal heart at-tacks or strokes in the line of duty also deserve benefits. In 2009, I introduced the Dale Long Emergency Medical Service Providers Protection Act, which became law in 2012 and extended PSOB benefits to nonprofit Emergency Medical Service, EMS, providers. This change covered an estimated 1,200 EMS personnel in Vermont alone. Today’s legislation will add transparency to the PSOB’s decisionmaking process and should help expedite the review of ap-plications for benefits. The legislation also includes an amendment I offered in the Judiciary Committee that improved this bill in three important ways. First, it ensured that children are not disqualified from receiving education benefits due to delays within the PSOB program, which can approach 10 years. At a Sen-ate Judiciary hearing in April, a law enforcement official described this as unconscionable. I agree. My amend-ment ensures it will never happen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.040 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6573 November 29, 2016 
again. Second, a fallen officer or first responder’s family should not have their claim denied simply because their employer fails to provide necessary pa-perwork to the PSOB office. My amendment requires that the PSOB of-fice use every investigative tool it has to obtain what it needs from third par-ties to process a claim. This will ensure that officers and their families who are entitled to benefits are not further vic-timized by delays beyond their control. Finally, as originally drafted, this leg-islation only applied to claims filed after it becomes law. I want these im-provements to help those currently stuck in the backlog, and my amend-ment fixed this issue. One hundred twenty-three law en-forcement officers have been killed in the line of duty so far in 2016. These families deserve a working and respon-sive PSOB program. This legislation, while only a modest step, demonstrates our shared commitment to those offi-cers and their families. I urge the House of Representatives to quickly pass this legislation and send it to the President for signature. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendments be with-drawn; that the Grassley substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; that the Grassley title amend-ment be agreed to; and that the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were withdrawn. The amendment (No. 5113) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 2944), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. The amendment (No. 5114) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the title) Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to re-quire adequate reporting on the Public Safe-ty Officers’ Benefits program, and for other purposes.’’. f 
CROSS-BORDER TRADE ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 559, S. 461. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 461) to provide for alternative fi-nancing arrangements for the provision of certain services and the construction and maintenance of infrastructure at land border ports of entry, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cross-Border Trade Enhancement Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. REPEAL AND TRANSITION PROVISION. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Subject to subsections (b) and (c), section 560 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2013 (division D of Public Law 113–6; 127 Stat. 378) and section 559 of the Department of Homeland Security Appro-priations Act, 2014 (division F of Public Law 113–76; 6 U.S.C. 211 note) are repealed. (b) A
GREEMENTS IN EFFECT .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), nothing in this Act may be con-strued as affecting in any manner an agreement entered into pursuant to section 560 of the De-partment of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2013 (division D of Public Law 113–6; 127 Stat. 378) or section 559 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2014 (di-vision F of Public Law 113–76; 6 U.S.C. 211 note) that is in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, and any such agreement shall continue to have full force and effect on and after such date. (c) P
ROPOSED AGREEMENTS .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), nothing in this Act may be con-strued as affecting in any manner a proposal accepted for consideration and further develop-ment by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or the General Services Administration pursuant to section 559 of the Department of Homeland Se-curity Appropriations Act, 2014 (division F of Public Law 113–76; 6 U.S.C. 211 note) that was accepted prior to the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Administra-tion’’ mean the General Services Administration. (2) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ mean the Administrator of the Adminis-tration. (3) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commissioner’’ means the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (4) D
ONATION AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘dona-tion agreement’’ means an agreement made under section 5(a). (5) F
EE AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘fee agree-ment’’ means an agreement made by the Com-missioner under section 4(a)(1). (6) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means— (A) an individual; (B) a corporation, partnership, trust, estate, association, or any other private or public enti-ty; (C) a Federal, State, or local government; (D) any subdivision, agency, or instrumen-tality of a Federal, State, or local government; or (E) any other governmental entity. (7) R
ELEVANT COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .—The term ‘‘relevant committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Environment and Public Works, the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate; and (B) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 4. AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO FEE AGREE-MENTS FOR THE PROVISION OF CER-TAIN SERVICES OF U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION. 
(a) F EEAGREEMENTS .— (1) A
UTHORITY FOR FEE AGREEMENTS .—Not- withstanding section 13031(e) of the Consoli-dated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(e)) and section 451 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1451), the Commis-sioner may, upon the request of any person, enter into an agreement with that person under which— (A) U.S. Customs and Border Protection will provide the services described in paragraph (4) at a port of entry or any other facility where U.S. Customs and Border Protection provides or will provide services; (B) such person will remit a fee imposed under subsection (b) to U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection in an amount equal to the full costs in-curred or that will be incurred in providing such services; and (C) any additional facilities at which U.S. Customs and Border Protection services are per-formed or deemed necessary for the provision of services under an agreement entered into under this section shall be provided, maintained, and equipped by such person, without additional cost to the Federal Government, in accordance with U.S. Customs and Border Protection speci-fications. (2) CRITERIA .—The Commissioner shall estab-lish criteria for entering into a partnership under paragraph (1) that include the following: (A) Selection and evaluation of potential part-ners. (B) Identification and documentation of roles and responsibilities between U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the Administration, and pri-vate and government partners. (C) Identification, allocation, and manage-ment of explicit and implicit risks of partnering between U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the Administration, and private and government partners. (D) Decision-making and dispute resolution processes in partnering arrangements. (E) Criteria and processes for U.S. Customs and Border Protection to terminate agreements if private or government partners are not meet-ing the terms of such a partnership, including the security standards established by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. (3) P
UBLICATION .—The Commissioner shall make publicly available the criteria established under paragraph (2), and shall notify the rel-evant committees of Congress not less than 15 days prior to the publication of the criteria and any subsequent changes to such criteria. (4) S
ERVICES DESCRIBED .—Services described in this paragraph are any services related to, or in support of, customs, agricultural processing, border security, or inspection-related immigra-tion matters provided by an employee or con-tractor of U.S. Customs and Border Protection at ports of entry or any other facility where U.S. Customs and Border Protection provides or will provide services. (5) M
ODIFICATION OF PRIOR AGREEMENTS .— The Commissioner, at the request of a person who has previously entered into an agreement with U.S. Customs and Border Protection for the reimbursement of fees in effect on the date of enactment of this Act, may modify such agreement to implement any provisions of this Act. (6) L
IMITATION .—The Commissioner may not enter into a reimbursable fee agreement under this subsection if such agreement would unduly and permanently impact services funded in this Act or any appropriations Act, or provided from any account in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees. (7) N
UMERICAL LIMITATIONS .—Except as pro-vided in paragraphs (8) and (9), there shall be no limit to the number of fee agreements that may be entered into by the Commissioner. (8) A
UTHORITY FOR NUMERICAL LIMITATIONS .— (A) R
ESOURCE AVAILABILITY .—If the Commis-sioner finds that resource or allocation con-straints would prevent U.S. Customs and Border Protection from fulfilling, in whole or in part, requests for services under the terms of existing or proposed fee agreements, the Commissioner shall impose annual limits on the number of new fee agreements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.041 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6574 November 29, 2016 
(B) A NNUAL REVIEW .—If the Commissioner limits the number of new fee agreements under this paragraph, the Commissioner shall annu-ally evaluate and reassess such limits and pub-lish the results of such evaluation and affirm any such limits that shall remain in effect in a publicly available format. (9) A
IR PORTS OF ENTRY .— (A) C
ERTAIN COSTS .—A fee agreement for U.S. Customs and Border Protection services at an air port of entry may only provide for the reim-bursement of— (i) salaries and expenses of not more than 5 full-time equivalent U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers; (ii) costs incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection for the payment of overtime to em-ployee; (iii) the salaries and expenses of employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (other than officers specified in clause (i)) to support U.S. customs and Border Protection officers in per-forming law enforcement functions at air ports of entry, including primary and secondary proc-essing of passengers; and (iv) other costs incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection relating to services described in paragraph (4), such as temporary placement or permanent relocation of such employees, in-cluding incentive pay for relocation where ap-propriate. (B) P
RECLEARANCE .—The authority in the sec-tion may not be used to enter into new preclearance agreements or initiate the provi-sion of U.S. Customs and Border Protection services outside of the United States. (C) P
ERMANENT RELOCATION .—Any fee agree-ment under this Act to provide for the reim-bursement of the permanent relocation of an em-ployee of the U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion shall certify that the terms of the agree-ment— (i) cannot otherwise be sufficiently met by the person and the U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion; (ii) would not unduly impact U.S. Customs and Border Protection services at the port of entry from which the relocation of the employee is proposed; (iii) would be consistent with other applicable laws and regulations regarding the relocation of employees of the U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; and (iv) all costs of the relocation have been ap-proved by the person. (10) P
ORT OF ENTRY SIZE CONSIDERATION .— The Commissioner shall— (A) ensure that each fee agreement proposal is given equal consideration regardless of the size of the port of entry; and (B) report to the relevant committees of Con-gress on the number of fee agreement proposals that the Commissioner did not enter into due to numerical limits on the number of fee agree-ments, if the Commissioner adopts such limits. (11) D
ENIED APPLICATION .—If the Commis-sioner denies a proposal for a fee agreement, the Commission shall provide the person who sub-mitted the proposal the reason for the denial, unless the reason for the denial involves a law enforcement matter or national security interest. (12) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— (A) to require a person entering into a fee agreement to cover costs that are otherwise the responsibility of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection or any other agency of the Federal Government and are not incurred, or expected to be incurred, to cover services specifically cov-ered by an agreement entered into under au-thorities provided by this Act; or (B) to unduly and permanently reduce the re-sponsibilities or duties of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection to provide services at ports of entry that have been authorized or mandated by law and are funded in any appropriation Act or from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees. (13) JUDICIAL REVIEW .—Decisions of the Com-missioner under this subsection are in the dis-cretion of the Commissioner and not subject to judicial review. (b) F
EE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A person who enters into a fee agreement shall pay a fee pursuant to such agreement in an amount equal to the full cost of U.S. Customs and Border Protection— (A) of the salaries and expenses of individuals employed or contracted by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to provide such services; and (B) of other costs incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection related to providing such services, such as temporary placement or perma-nent relocation of employees, including incen-tive pay for relocation where appropriate. (2) A
DVANCE PAYMENT .—The Commissioner, with approval from a person requesting services of U.S. Customs and Border Protection services pursuant to a fee agreement, may accept the fee for services prior to providing such services. (3) O
VERSIGHT OF FEES .—The Commissioner shall develop a process to oversee the activities for which fees are charged pursuant to a fee agreement that includes the following: (A) A determination and report on the full cost of providing services, including direct and indirect costs, as well as a process, through con-sultation with affected parties and other inter-ested stakeholders, for increasing such fees as necessary. (B) The establishment of a periodic remittance schedule to replenish appropriations, accounts or funds, as necessary. (C) The identification of costs paid by such fees. (4) D
EPOSIT OF FUNDS .—Amounts collected pursuant to a fee agreement shall— (A) be deposited as an offsetting collection; (B) remain available until expended, without fiscal year limitation; and (C) be credited to the applicable appropria-tion, account, or fund for the amount paid out of that appropriation, account, or fund for— (i) any expenses incurred or to be incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection in pro-viding such services; and (ii) any other costs incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection relating to such services. (5) T
ERMINATION BY THE COMMISSIONER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall ter-minate the services provided pursuant to a fee agreement with a person that, after receiving notice from the Commissioner that a fee imposed under the fee agreement is due, fails to pay such fee in a timely manner. (B) E
FFECT OF TERMINATION .—At the time services are terminated pursuant to subpara-graph (A), all costs incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection which have not been paid, will become immediately due and payable. (C) I
NTEREST .—Interest on unpaid fees will accrue based on the quarterly rate(s) established under sections 6621 and 6622 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (D) P
ENALTIES .—Any person that fails to pay any fee incurred under a fee agreement in a timely manner, after notice and demand for payment, shall be liable for a penalty or liq-uidated damage equal to 2 times the amount of such fee. (E) A
MOUNT COLLECTED .—Any amount col-lected pursuant to a fee agreement shall be de-posited into the account specified under para-graph (4) and shall be available as described therein. (F) R
ETURN OF UNUSED FUNDS .—The Commis-sioner shall return any unused funds collected under a fee agreement that is terminated for any reason, or in the event that the terms of such agreement change by mutual agreement to cause a reduction of U.S. Customs and Border Protections services. No interest shall be owed upon the return of any unused funds. (6) T
ERMINATION BY THE SPONSOR .—Any per- son who has previously entered into an agree-ment with U.S. Customs and Border Protection for the reimbursement of fees in effect on the date of enactment of this Act, or under the pro-visions of this Act, may request that such agree-ment make provision for termination at the re-quest of such person upon advance notice, the length and terms of which shall be negotiated between such person and U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection. (c) ANNUAL REPORT AND NOTICE TO CON-
GRESS .—The Commissioner shall— (1) submit to the relevant committees of Con-gress an annual report that identifies each fee agreement made during the previous year; and (2) not less than 15 days before entering into a fee agreement, notify the members of Congress that represent the State or district in which the affected port or facility is located. (d) M
ODIFICATION OF EXISTING REPORTS TO  C
ONGRESS .—Section 907(b) of the Trade Facilita-tion and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–125) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) the program for entering into reimburs-able fee agreements for the provision of U.S. Customs and Border Protection services estab-lished by the Cross-Border Trade Enhancement Act of 2016.’’. 
SEC. 5. AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO AGREE-MENTS TO ACCEPT DONATIONS FOR PORTS OF ENTRY. 
(a) A GREEMENTS AUTHORIZED .— (1) C
OMMISSIONER .—The Commissioner, in col-laboration with the Administrator as provided under subsection (e), may enter into an agree-ment with any person to accept a donation of real or personal property, including monetary donations, or nonpersonal services, for activities in subsection (b) at a new or existing land, sea, or air port of entry, or any facility or other in-frastructure at a location where U.S. Customs and Border Protection performs or will be per-forming services within the United States. (2) A
DMINISTRATOR .—Where the Administrator has custody or control of a new or existing land port of entry, facility, or other infrastructure at a location where U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection performs or will be performing inspection services, the Administrator, in collaboration with the Commissioner, may enter into an agree-ment with any person to accept a donation of real or personal property, including monetary donations, or nonpersonal services, at that loca-tion for activities set forth in subsection (b). (b) U
SE.—A donation made under a donation agreement may be used for activities related to construction, alteration, operation or mainte-nance, including expenses related to— (1) land acquisition, design, construction, re-pair, and alteration; (2) furniture, fixtures, equipment, and tech-nology, including installation and the deploy-ment thereof; and (3) operation and maintenance of the facility, infrastructure, equipment, and technology. (c) L
IMITATION ON MONETARY DONATIONS .— Any monetary donation accepted pursuant to a donation agreement may not be used to pay the salaries of employees of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection who perform inspection services. (d) T
ERM OF DONATION AGREEMENT .—The term of a donation agreement may be as long as is required to meet the terms of the agreement. (e) R
OLE OF ADMINISTRATOR .—The Adminis-trator’s role, involvement, and authority under this section is limited with respect to donations made at new or existing land ports of entry, fa-cilities, or other infrastructure owned or leased by the Administration. (f) E
VALUATION PROCEDURES .— (1) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment, the Commissioner, in consultation with the Ad-ministrator as appropriate, shall issue proce-dures for evaluating proposals for donation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.043 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6575 November 29, 2016 
agreements on a year-round basis and otherwise consistent with the requirements of this section. (2) A
VAILABILITY .—The procedures issued under paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public. (3) C
OST-SHARING ARRANGEMENTS .—In issuing the procedures under paragraph (1), the Com-missioner, in consultation with the Adminis-trator, shall evaluate the use of authorities pro-vided under this section to enter into cost-shar-ing or reimbursement agreements with eligible persons and determine whether such agreements may improve facility conditions or inspection services at new or existing land, sea, or air ports of entry. (g) D
ETERMINATION AND NOTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after receiving a proposal for a donation agreement, the Commissioner, and Administrator if applica-ble, shall notify the person that submitted the proposal as to whether it is complete or incom-plete. (2) I
NCOMPLETE PROPOSALS .—If the Commis-sioner, and Administrator if applicable, deter-mines that a proposal is incomplete, the person that submitted the proposal shall be notified and provided with— (A) a detailed description of all specific infor-mation or material that is needed to complete re-view of the proposal; and (B) allow the person to resubmit the proposal with additional information and material de-scribed under subparagraph (A) to complete the proposal. (3) C
OMPLETE APPLICATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after receiving a completed and final proposal for a donation agreement, the Commis-sioner, and Administrator if applicable, shall— (A) make a determination whether to deny or approve the proposal; and (B) notify the person that submitted the pro-posal of the determination. (4) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In making the deter-mination under paragraph (3)(A), the Commis-sioner, and Administrator if applicable, shall consider— (A) the impact of the proposal on reducing wait times at that port of entry or facility and other ports of entry on the same border; (B) the potential of the proposal to increase trade and travel efficiency through added ca-pacity; (C) the potential of the proposal to enhance the security of the port of entry or facility; (D) the funding available to complete the in-tended use of a donation under this section; (E) the costs of maintaining and operating such donation; (F) whether such donation, if real property, satisfies the requirements of such proposal, or whether additional real property would be re-quired; (G) an explanation of how such donation, if real property, was secured; (H) the impact of such proposal on staffing re-quirements; and (I) other factors that the Commissioner or Ad-ministrator determines to be relevant. (h) S
UPPLEMENTAL FUNDING .—Any property, including monetary donations and nonpersonal services, donated pursuant to a donation agree-ment may be used in addition to any other funds, including appropriated funds, property, or services made available for the same purpose. (i) R
ETURN OF DONATION .—If the Commis-sioner or the Administrator does not use the property or services donated pursuant to a do-nation agreement, such donated property or services shall be returned to the person that made the donation. (j) I
NTEREST PROHIBITED .—No interest may be owed on any donation returned to a person under this subsection. (k) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN FUNDING .—The Commissioner, in collaboration with the Admin-istrator if applicable, with respect to an agree-ment authorized under this section, may not ob-ligate or expend amounts in excess of the value of the donations. (l) ANNUAL REPORT AND NOTICE TO CON-
GRESS .—The Commissioner, in collaboration with the Administrator if applicable, shall— (1) submit to the relevant committees of Con-gress an annual report that identifies each do-nation agreement made during the previous year; and (2) not less than 15 days before entering into a donation agreement, notify the members of Congress that represent the State or district in which the affected port or facility is located. (m) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this section, nothing in this section may be construed— (1) as affecting in any manner the responsibil-ities, duties, or authorities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection or the Administration; (2) to create any right or liability of the par-ties referred to in this section, except as other-wise set forth in any donation acceptance agree-ment entered into under this section; or (3) as affecting any consultation requirement under any other law. 
SEC. 6. WAIVER OF POLYGRAPH EXAMINATION REQUIREMENT FOR CERTAIN LAW ENFORCEMENT APPLICANTS. 
Section 3 of the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–376; 6 U.S.C. 221) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (2) in subsection (a)(1), as redesignated, by in-serting ‘‘(except as provided in subsection (b))’’ after ‘‘Border Protection’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—The Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection may waive the poly-graph examination requirement under sub-section (a)(1) for any applicant who— ‘‘(1) is deemed suitable for employment; ‘‘(2) holds a current, active Top Secret/Sen-sitive Compartmented Information Clearance; ‘‘(3) has a current Single Scope Background Investigation; ‘‘(4) was not granted any waivers to obtain his or her clearance; and ‘‘(5) is a veteran (as such term is defined in section 2108 of title 5, United States Code).’’. 
SEC. 7. EFFECTIVE PERIOD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (c), this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be in effect during the 10-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) A
GREEMENTS IN EFFECT .—Any agreement made pursuant to this Act that is in effect on the date that is 10 years after the date of the en-actment of this Act shall continue to have full force and effect on and after such date and re-main in effect under the terms of such agree-ment. (c) P
ERMANENT PROVISIONS .—Section 2, the amendments made by section 2, and the amend-ments made by section 6 shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be withdrawn; that the Cornyn sub-stitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported substitute amendment was withdrawn. The amendment (No. 5115) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 461), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. f 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JUDICIAL FINANCIAL TRANSPARENCY ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 4419, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4419) to update the financial disclosure requirements for judges of the District of Columbia courts and to make other improvements to the District of Co-lumbia courts. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4419) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR AN ANNUITY SUP-PLEMENT FOR CERTAIN AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLERS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 5785, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5785) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for an annuity sup-plement for certain air traffic controllers. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5785) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NATIONAL GEOSPATIAL-INTELLIGENCE AGENCY ON ITS 20TH ANNIVER-SARY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Armed Services Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 607. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.043 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6576 November 29, 2016 
The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 607) recognizing the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency on its 20th anniversary. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 607) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of September 29, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
SUPPORTING THE DESIGNATION OF OCTOBER 8, 2016, AS ‘‘40 YEARS OF WOMEN CADETS AT THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY DAY’’ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Armed Services Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 611. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 611) supporting the designation of October 8, 2016, as ‘‘40 Years of Women Cadets at the United States Air Force Academy Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 611) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of September 29, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE GOALS OF NATIONAL ADOPTION DAY AND NATIONAL ADOPTION MONTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 622, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 622) expressing sup-port for the goals of National Adoption Day and National Adoption Month by promoting national awareness of adoption and the chil-dren awaiting families, celebrating children and families involved in adoption, and en-couraging the people of the United States to secure safety, permanency, and well-being for all children. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 622) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE VITAL ROLE THE CIVIL AIR PATROL HAS PLAYED, AND CONTINUES TO PLAY, IN SUPPORTING THE HOMELAND SECURITY AND NA-TIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 623, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 623) recognizing the vital role the Civil Air Patrol has played, and continues to play, in supporting the homeland security and national defense of the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 623) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO CARRY OUT A MAJOR MEDICAL FACIL-ITY PROJECT IN RENO, NEVADA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 3438 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3438) to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a major medical facility project in Reno, Nevada. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Hell-er-Feinstein substitute amendment be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be con-sidered read a third time and passed; and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 5116) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs may carry out the following major medical facility projects, with each project to be carried out in an amount not to exceed the amount specified for that project: (1) Seismic, life safety, and utilities up-grades and expansion of clinical services in Reno, Nevada, in an amount not to exceed $213,800,000. (2) Seismic corrections to the mental health and community living center in Long Beach, California, in an amount not to ex-ceed $317,300,000. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017 or the year in which funds are appro-priated for the Construction, Major Projects, account $531,100,000 for the projects author-ized in subsection (a). (c) L
IMITATION .—The projects authorized in subsection (a) may only be carried out using— (1) funds appropriated for fiscal year 2017 or the year in which funds are appropriated for the Construction, Major Projects, ac-count pursuant to the authorization of ap-propriations in subsection (b); (2) funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2017 that remain available for obligation; (3) funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2017 that remain available for obligation; (4) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for fiscal year 2017 for a cat-egory of activity not specific to a project; (5) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2017 for a category of activity not spe-cific to a project; and (6) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2017 for a category of activity not spe-cific to a project. 
The bill (S. 3438), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Wednesday, No-vember 30; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.056 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6577 November 29, 2016 
their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:44 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, November 30, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) BRET C. BATCHELDER 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
CHRISTOPHER S. BESSER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
CHAD C. BLACK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
THOMAS D. STARKEY 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
JOSHUA D. FITZGARRALD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
ANTHONY C. LYONS 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR THE PERSONAL RANK OF CAREER AMBAS-SADOR IN RECOGNITION OF ESPECIALLY DISTINGUISHED SERVICE OVER A SUSTAINED PERIOD: STEPHEN DONALD MULL, OF VIRGINIA VICTORIA JANE NULAND, OF VIRGINIA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF MINISTER-COUNSELOR: ROBERT L. ADAMS, OF TEXAS BRIAN C. AGGELER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA TANYA CECELIA ANDERSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA MICHAEL ADAM BARKIN, OF FLORIDA STANLEY H. BENNETT, OF MINNESOTA RANDY WILLIAM BERRY, OF COLORADO TIMOTHY A. BETTS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA VIRGINIA MEADE BLASER, OF VIRGINIA STEVEN CRAIG BONDY, OF VIRGINIA MARIA ELENA BREWER, OF VIRGINIA BRIDGET A. BRINK, OF MICHIGAN JOHN LESLIE CARWILE, OF VIRGINIA CARMEN MARGARITA CASTRO, OF VIRGINIA CRAIG LEWIS CLOUD, OF FLORIDA THEODORE RAYMOND COLEY, OF VIRGINIA MARIE CHRISTINE DAMOUR, OF VIRGINIA NICHOLAS JULIAN DEAN, OF VIRGINIA ROBIN D. DIALLO, OF MARYLAND JOHN WALTER DINKELMAN, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL J. DODMAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CHRISTINE ANN ELDER, OF WASHINGTON MICHELLE M. ESPERDY, OF PENNSYLVANIA NINA MARIA FITE, OF VIRGINIA BRADLEY ALAN FREDEN, OF ARIZONA REBECCA ELIZA GONZALES, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA ALYSON LYNN GRUNDER, OF NEW YORK TODD PHILIP HASKELL, OF FLORIDA JEFFREY J. HAWKINS, JR., OF MARYLAND PETER MARK HAYMOND, OF VIRGINIA BRIAN GEORGE HEATH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JONATHAN HENICK, OF CALIFORNIA ELIZABETH ANN HOPKINS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA VIRGINIA IDELLE KEENER, OF MARYLAND KEVIN J. KILPATRICK, OF INDIANA DOUGLAS A. KONEFF, OF CONNECTICUT DONALD WILLIAM KORAN, OF VIRGINIA STEVEN HERBERT KRAFT, OF VIRGINIA SUZANNE I. LAWRENCE, OF VIRGINIA THOMAS H. LLOYD, OF VIRGINIA NAJIB MAHMOOD, OF VIRGINIA JEAN ELIZABETH MANES, OF FLORIDA JOSEPH MANSO, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JENNIFER ALLYN MCINTYRE, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA DAVID MEALE, OF VIRGINIA JOHN S. MORETTI, OF VIRGINIA KATHERINE ANNE MUNCHMEYER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MICHAEL JOHN MURPHY, OF VIRGINIA MIREMBE L. NANTONGO, OF VIRGINIA SUSAN BUTLER NIBLOCK, OF MARYLAND FRANCISCO LUIS PALMIERI, OF CONNECTICUT CHARISSE MELANIE PHILLIPS, OF FLORIDA BETH L. POISSON, OF MARYLAND LYNETTE JOYCE POULTON, OF VIRGINIA WAYNE F. QUILLIN, OF NEW YORK JOSEPH N. RAWLINGS, OF GEORGIA KURT R. RICE, OF VIRGINIA JOAN MARIE RICHARDS, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER J. SANDROLINI, OF VIRGINIA STEPHEN M. SCHWARTZ, OF MARYLAND DOROTHY CAMILLE SHEA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA GEORGE N. SIBLEY, OF VIRGINIA ADNAN A. SIDDIQI, OF VIRGINIA ADAM H. STERLING, OF VIRGINIA STEPHANIE FAYE SYPTAK-RAMNATH, OF VIRGINIA MELINDA C. TABLER-STONE, OF VIRGINIA JOHN STEPHEN TAVENNER, OF TEXAS DEAN THOMPSON, OF MARYLAND LISA ANNETTE VICKERS, OF CALIFORNIA SAMUEL R. WATSON III, OF VIRGINIA EUGENE STEWART YOUNG, OF VIRGINIA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SEN-IOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUNSELOR: DEANNA HANEK ABDEEN, OF VIRGINIA STEPHEN ANDERSON, OF MONTANA KEITH MIMS ANDERTON, OF VIRGINIA DOUGLAS JOSEPH APOSTOL, OF CALIFORNIA CONSTANCE C. ARVIS, OF VIRGINIA JENNIFER L. BACHUS, OF KANSAS DORON D. BARD, OF WASHINGTON NICHOLAS R. BERLINER, OF VIRGINIA MARCIA P. BOSSHARDT, OF VIRGINIA DAVID NOEL BRIZZEE, OF IDAHO DANA M. BROWN, OF CALIFORNIA ROBERT G. BURGESS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CAROL-ANNE CHANG, OF VIRGINIA ANGELA COLYVAS-MCGINNIS, OF PENNSYLVANIA ROBERT E. COPLEY, OF COLORADO CHAD PARKER CUMMINS, OF CALIFORNIA JAMES R. DAYRINGER, OF MONTANA JOHN C. DOCKERY, OF TEXAS JOEL EHRENDREICH, OF NEW YORK JEWELL ELIZABETH EVANS, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA ALAN E. EYRE, OF MARYLAND ERIC A. FICHTE, OF WASHINGTON TROY DAMIAN FITRELL, OF VIRGINIA RICHARD HARRIS GLENN, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW EUGENE GOSHKO, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA RAMOND F. GREENE III, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA THERESA GRENCIK, OF MARYLAND ANNE E. GRIMES, OF VIRGINIA EDWARD G. GRULICH, OF VIRGINIA MARGARET HAWTHORNE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA JOHN HENNESSEY-NILAND, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTINA MARIA HUTH HIGGINS, OF VIRGINIA MELANIE HARRIS HIGGINS, OF FLORIDA LISA S. KENNA, OF MARYLAND JONATHAN STUART KESSLER, OF VIRGINIA CYNTHIA A. KIERSCHT, OF MINNESOTA MICHAEL F. KLEINE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CHRISTOPHER M. KRAFFT, OF VIRGINIA HELEN GRACE LAFAVE, OF VIRGINIA ADAM DUANE LAMOREAUX, OF OREGON GREGORY F. LAWLESS, OF VIRGINIA PHILLIP LINDERMAN, OF VIRGINIA CHARLES LUOMA–OVERSTREET, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL MACY, OF FLORIDA JERROLD L. MALLORY, OF CALIFORNIA BETTINA A. MALONE, OF VIRGINIA ANN BARROWS MCCONNELL, OF CALIFORNIA MEREDITH CLARE MCEVOY, OF VIRGINIA RICHARD MEI, JR., OF KENTUCKY ALAN D. MELTZER, OF VIRGINIA JANE S. W. MESSENGER, OF MARYLAND JOAQUIN F. MONSERRATE, OF PUERTO RICO MITCHELL R. MOSS, OF VIRGINIA PHILLIP R. NELSON, OF MONTANA ELISHA NYMAN, OF MARYLAND GARY GLENN OBA, OF ARKANSAS MARTHA E. PATTERSON, OF TEXAS ROY ALBERT PERRIN, OF VIRGINIA DAVID D. POTTER, OF VIRGINIA VIRGINIA SHER RAMADAN, OF VIRGINIA WALTER SCOTT REID, OF VIRGINIA JEFFREY JAMES ROBERTSON, OF CALIFORNIA HUGO F. RODRIGUEZ, JR., OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA RUSSELL A. SCHIEBEL, OF TEXAS JONATHAN A. SCHOOLS, OF TEXAS MICAELA A. SCHWEITZER–BLUHM, OF VIRGINIA MARK WAYNE SEIBEL, OF NORTH CAROLINA JONATHAN L. SHRIER, OF NEW YORK SUSAN MARIE SHULTZ, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA EUGENIA M. SIDEREAS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA DAVID W. SIMONS, OF VIRGINIA JEFFERSON D. SMITH, OF TEXAS MATTHEW D. SMITH, OF NEW YORK WILLARD TENNEY SMITH, OF VIRGINIA LINDA S. SPECHT, OF VIRGINIA GAVIN A. SUNDWALL, OF NORTH CAROLINA REBECCA T. BROWN THOMPSON, OF VIRGINIA SCOTT BRIAN TICKNOR, OF VIRGINIA ALAN R. TOUSIGNANT, OF VIRGINIA PAMELA M. TREMONT, OF VIRGINIA STEWART D. TUTTLE, JR., OF CALIFORNIA HEATHER CATHERINE VARIAVA, OF VIRGINIA AMY HART VRAMPAS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JOANNE WAGNER, OF VIRGINIA SUSAN M. WALSH, OF RHODE ISLAND EVA ANNE WEIGOLD SCHULTZ, OF VIRGINIA EDWARD ANTHONY WHITE, OF FLORIDA ALEISHA WOODWARD, OF UTAH THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SEN-IOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, AND A CONSULAR OFFICER AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLO-MATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: WENDY A. BASHNAN, OF SOUTH CAROLINA JOHN C. BREWER, OF ALABAMA JULIE S. CABUS, OF VIRGINIA CORNELL CHASTEN, OF NORTH CAROLINA NATALIE CROPPER, OF SOUTH CAROLINA JAIME ESQUIVEL, OF VIRGINIA YURI P. FEDORENKO, OF MICHIGAN DONALD E. GONNEVILLE, JR., OF VIRGINIA MARCIA K. HENKE, OF ALABAMA PAUL R. HOUSTON, OF VIRGINIA JOSHUA D. MCDAVID, OF WASHINGTON GEORGE M. NAVADEL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MICHAEL BRITTON PHILLIPS, OF MARYLAND LARRY D. ROBERTS, JR., OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER R. ROOKS, OF VIRGINIA BEHZAD SHAHBAZIAN, OF MARYLAND HARTAJE K. THIARA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JEFFREY A. THOMAS, OF VIRGINIA TRACY JO THOMAS, OF VIRGINIA JENNIFER S. TSENG, OF COLORADO THOMAS R. VANDENBRINK, OF VIRGINIA JUDITH VARDY, OF FLORIDA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SEN-IOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, EFFECTIVE FEBRUARY 21, 2016: LAURA ANN GRIESMER, OF WASHINGTON THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF CAREER MINISTER: ROBERT STEPHEN BEECROFT, OF CALIFORNIA ARNOLD A. CHACON, OF VIRGINIA TRACEY ANN JACOBSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA GEOFFREY R. PYATT, OF CALIFORNIA MARIE L. YOVANOVITCH, OF CONNECTICUT THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR APPOINT-MENT AS A FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CONSULAR OF-FICER AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: TRISTAN J. ALLEN, OF ARIZONA CHARLES A. BENTLEY, OF FLORIDA LADISLAV BERANEK, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL C. BONFIELD, OF TEXAS ANDREW CHIRA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JAMES P. CHYNOWETH, OF FLORIDA RACHAEL M. CULLINS, OF INDIANA KRISTEN A. FARRELL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA RYAN A. P. FEEBACK, OF INDIANA JULIANA K. FINUCANE, OF CALIFORNIA BENJAMIN M. GULLETT, OF NORTH CAROLINA CHRISTOPHER J. HALLETT, OF NORTH CAROLINA MAXWELL S. HARRINGTON, OF CALIFORNIA JANET ADELE HEG, OF WASHINGTON MATTHEW R. HERGOTT, OF COLORADO CHADWICK D. HOUGHTON, OF FLORIDA RICHARD T. KERR, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE MICHAEL W. LEACH, OF TEXAS BOA LEE, OF MINNESOTA BIC HOANG LEU, OF CONNECTICUT NATHANIAL S. LINDSEY, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT S. MACINTOSH, OF MONTANA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.059 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6578 November 29, 2016 
CHRISTOPHER T. MCKINNEY, OF TEXAS DAVID E. MERRELL, OF UTAH MONIQUE A. NOWICKI, OF VIRGINIA JESSICA E. PANCHATHA, OF CONNECTICUT ROBERT M. PASTORE, OF NEW YORK HILDE LYNN PEARSON, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL R. PROSSER, OF FLORIDA ZAHID M. RAJA, OF TEXAS ANNE M. REDALEN FRASER, OF MINNESOTA INGRID K. SPECHT, OF GEORGIA JOSHUA E. STERN, OF VIRGINIA JOHN SZYPULA, OF COLORADO ELIE M. TEICHMAN, OF MARYLAND JEFFREY S. VANDORN, OF KANSAS JESSE C. WALTER, OF WISCONSIN SHANTHINI M. B. WATSON, OF GUAM CHRISTINA C. WEST, OF TEXAS DORI ENDERLE WINTER, OF TEXAS MARION JOHANNA WOHLERS, OF WASHINGTON WILLIAM F. ZEMAN, OF CONNECTICUT THE FOLLOWING-NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE TO BE A CON-SULAR OFFICER AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: ANTHONY ABBA, OF VIRGINIA TESSIE ANNE ABRAHAM, OF TEXAS JONATHAN PAUL ACKLEY, OF WASHINGTON MICHAEL OLUGBENGA AKINWOLEMIWA, OF VIRGINIA GABRIEL ALLISON, OF VIRGINIA DIVAH JEANNE ALSHAWA, OF VIRGINIA GARY PHILLIP ANTHONY, OF NEW YORK MARYAM K. ARENA, OF VIRGINIA YARED RIYADH ASNAKE, OF CALIFORNIA SILVIA CAROLINA ARDON AYALA, OF FLORIDA KRISTIN D. BAILEY, OF VIRGINIA MICHELLE MARIE BAILEY, OF VIRGINIA LAVONDA TANE’E BALDWIN, OF NEW JERSEY JAMES V. BARR, OF VIRGINIA MARK BASSOTTI, OF VIRGINIA JESSE ROSE MACERA BEAUMIER, OF VIRGINIA JAMES RAYMOND BEHYMER, OF VIRGINIA ADAM K. BENABDALLAH, OF VIRGINIA CRAIG D. BENNETT, OF VIRGINIA EVE SARAH COPELAND BENTOVIM, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA STEPHEN CAREY BIRMINGHAM II, OF CALIFORNIA JASON BOND, OF OKLAHOMA ERIC J. BRADSHAW, OF VIRGINIA HEATHER DAWN BROOKS, OF FLORIDA PAUL D. BUCKLEW, OF VIRGINIA PATRICK GENE BURLINGAME, OF PENNSYLVANIA MICHAEL D. BURRIS, OF VIRGINIA KRISTIN CATHERINE BYRD BUSHBY, OF MARYLAND MICHAEL BUSTAMANTE, OF NEW YORK TERRY B. CARWILE, OF VIRGINIA KAREN ELIZABETH CASTRO, OF OHIO GEOFFREY BAYLISS CAUSEY, OF VIRGINIA SUSAN I. CHESLEY, OF VIRGINIA JENNIFER DANIELLE CLARK, OF VIRGINIA CHARLES MEDFORD CLATANOFF, OF VIRGINIA DAVID ROSS CONCEPCION, OF VIRGINIA KATHRYN EILEEN CORRIDAN, OF VIRGINIA EVAN MITCHELL CORZINE, OF VIRGINIA LISA COSGROVE, OF VIRGINIA PATRICK DANIEL COUGHLIN, OF NEW YORK JAYSON CHRISTOPHER CRIDDLE, OF VIRGINIA JOSEPH EVAN DE BERNARDO, OF VIRGINIA JOHN JOSEPH DELANEY, OF VIRGINIA KEYSHA DORCH, OF VIRGINIA ADAM M. DUNIGAN, OF VIRGINIA DAWN M. DYETTE, OF VIRGINIA AARON COOPER EASLICK, OF MICHIGAN JOEL ELLISON, OF VIRGINIA SONIA FERNANDES, OF NEW YORK GREGORY DAVID FERRIS, OF VIRGINIA ALAN JOSEPH MICHAEL FLESCH, OF OKLAHOMA MARTA ALYSSA FOLIO, OF VIRGINIA MILYNDA RAE FOUSHEE, OF VIRGINIA ELISABETH M. FRENCH, OF VIRGINIA JAMES E. FRITTER, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER S. FULLERTON, OF VIRGINIA BRYAN J. FURMAN, OF NEW JERSEY ANDREW R. GALLUCCI, OF VIRGINIA PAUL ROBERT GIBLIN, OF ARIZONA SHEIMALIZ ELIZKA GLOVER, OF SOUTH CAROLINA MATTHEW BERNARD GONZALEZ, OF VIRGINIA CHARLES H. GRIFFIN, OF VIRGINIA DAVID CALDERON GUTIERREZ, OF GEORGIA SAMA EMAD HABIB, OF NEW YORK ANDREW A. HACKMANN, OF VIRGINIA LISA M. HAHN, OF CALIFORNIA SALMAN HAJI, OF NEW MEXICO GHASSAN HALAWANI, OF VIRGINIA ALEXANDRA BREANNE HALL, OF GEORGIA ROBERT JOSEPH HALLIDAY, OF VIRGINIA BRITTANY CHERELLE HARDY, OF ARIZONA MICHELLE R HARIG, OF VIRGINIA KYLE ELIZABETH HARTWELL, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA BENJAMIN ROBERT HARVEY, OF MISSOURI RYAN ROBERT HEGER, OF VIRGINIA NELL GARDENIA GULLE HIDALGO, OF VIRGINIA CARL R. HILL, OF VIRGINIA KRISTINA LOUISE HILLMAN, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW WILLIAM HILLSTROM, OF TEXAS NICOLE STILLWELL HOLLER, OF MARYLAND JOHN M. HORTON, OF VIRGINIA JEFFREY PETER HOULE, OF VIRGINIA JOCELYN DYAN HUGHES, OF VIRGINIA DEBRA SUE HUNGERFORD, OF VIRGINIA PORTER ILLI, OF UTAH ELIZABETH ATKINSON ISAMAN, OF COLORADO COLE LIHAU JACKSON, OF HAWAII KEVIN W. JACOBS, OF VIRGINIA JOSHUA PAUL JOHNSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA TIMOTHY ALLEN JOHNSON, OF CALIFORNIA TIMOTHY C. JOHNSON, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT OWEN KEANE, OF MASSACHUSETTS DONALD D. KIM, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JENNIFER CARTER KIM, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA IAN MIKAEL KITTERMAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA SARAH L. KNOBLOCH, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL CHARLES KRUEGER, OF VIRGINIA CHAD R. LAMB, OF VIRGINIA BRITTANY MARTHA LANING, OF VIRGINIA LELAND MARCELLUS LAZARUS, OF NEW YORK JESSICA LEIGH LILLEY, OF VIRGINIA JAIME DIANE LODA, OF MASSACHUSETTS CHADWICK W. LUCK, OF VIRGINIA ORIANA LUQUETTA, OF TEXAS LEAH NICOLE MAINIERO, OF VIRGINIA ARMANDO JONATHAN MALDONADO, OF VIRGINIA TOYA E. MARKS, OF VIRGINIA TRAVIS B. MARSHALL, OF VIRGINIA LUIS JAVIER MARTINEZ, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT EDWARD MCGRAW, JR., OF VIRGINIA JOHN J. MCHUGH, OF VIRGINIA MOISES DAVID MENDOZA, OF OREGON STEPHEN R. MENDOZA, OF VIRGINIA DENISE MARTON MENENDEZ, OF FLORIDA KATHLEEN M. MINOR, OF VIRGINIA KARI ELIZABETH MOORE, OF VIRGINIA KEVIN SINCLAIR MOSS, OF FLORIDA CAITLIN ELISE NETTLETON, OF FLORIDA HUGH PERALTA, OF VIRGINIA SHANNON BLOTNER PINE, OF VIRGINIA ANNA MARIA PLACANICA, OF VIRGINIA DONALD C. PLAISTED, OF VIRGINIA NICOLE MICHELLE PORTER, OF CALIFORNIA MATTHEW WILLIAM PRIEST, OF MICHIGAN DAVID WILLIAM PUCCI, OF VIRGINIA SUZANNE C. PULKKINEN, OF VIRGINIA JESS A. PURDY, OF VIRGINIA MARY–KATHERINE REAM, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA JENNIFER IDA REGAN, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER ALEXANDER RIGO, OF VIRGINIA CLAYTON EARL ROBINSON, OF VIRGINIA JAMES TRIPOLI ROBINSON, OF VIRGINIA JOSHUA RASPLICA RODD, OF COLORADO PEDRO JOSE RODRIGUEZ, OF VIRGINIA STEPHANIE Z. RODRIGUEZ, OF VIRGINIA KYLE JAMES ROHRICH, OF NEBRASKA MELISSA B. ROMO, OF VIRGINIA NICOLAS ADAM ROSER, OF VIRGINIA SHAWN DAVID ROSLIN, OF VIRGINIA MEGHAN ASHLEY WINSOR ROTH, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT ANTHONY ROWE, OF VIRGINIA SKARRN RYVNINE, OF FLORIDA EDDY SANTANA, OF ILLINOIS JASON W. SCHREYER, OF VIRGINIA JENNIFER STARR SHELDON, OF KANSAS TIMOTHY J. SHINGLER, OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM MASSIE SIEBER, OF DELAWARE RENNIE ALON SILVA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA RASHELLE B. SIMONSON, OF VIRGINIA COREY RAY SKELTON, OF VIRGINIA AUSTIN T. SLAYMAKER, OF OKLAHOMA CHRISTINE A. SOLLINGER, OF VIRGINIA CHARLES LEE SPECHT, OF ILLINOIS JORDAN MICHAEL STEELMAN, OF VIRGINIA VICTORIA FISHER STEFFES, OF VIRGINIA LUCAS M. STELLAR, OF PENNSYLVANIA MICHELLE NICOLE STOKES, OF TEXAS KENNETH L. TARPLEY, JR., OF VIRGINIA BRIDGET TAYLOR, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL TEMPLEMAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ANTHONY DOUGLAS TEUSCHER, OF VIRGINIA BRANDON SCOTT THOMPSON, OF TEXAS CODY MICHAEL THOMPSON, OF COLORADO MELISSA ANN TREBIL, OF VIRGINIA CARDIEL ADRIAN TREVIZO, OF VIRGINIA ELIZABETH MELODY TROBAUGH, OF WASHINGTON GREGORY C. TRUNZ, OF VIRGINIA JAMES LEVERING TYSON III, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA ALAN R. VAN TASSEL, OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM HARVEY WAGNER, OF VIRGINIA JERICA J. WARD, OF MARYLAND SCOTT A WEISEL, OF VIRGINIA AMANDA B. WHATLEY, OF ALABAMA JASON L. WILCOX, OF VIRGINIA KEVIN M. WILLIAMS, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT FREDERICK WILLIS, OF VIRGINIA COOPER J. WIMMER, OF VIRGINIA BRUCE L. WOODYARD, OF VIRGINIA NICHOLAS ZEIGLER, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL DAVID ZGODA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD  
JOSEPH BRUCE HAMILTON, OF TEXAS, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 18, 2021. (RE-APPOINTMENT) 
AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
SETH HARRIS, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A DIRECTOR OF THE AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS. (NEW POSITION) JEFFREY R. MORELAND, OF TEXAS, TO BE A DIRECTOR OF THE AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
CHEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION  
BOARD  
RACHEL A. MEIDL, OF WISCONSIN, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE CHEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION BOARD FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS, VICE MARK A. GRIF-FON, RESIGNED. 
SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
MICHAEL P. LEARY, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE INSPEC-TOR GENERAL, SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION, VICE PATRICK P. O’CARROLL, JR., RESIGNED. 
BROADCASTING BOARD OF GOVERNORS  
RICHARD STENGEL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BROADCASTING BOARD OF GOVERNORS FOR A TERM EXPIRING AUGUST 13, 2017, VICE SUSAN MCCUE, RESIGNED. RICHARD STENGEL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE CHAIRMAN OF THE BROADCASTING BOARD OF GOVERNORS, VICE JEFFREY SHELL. 
FEDERAL MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH  
ADMINISTRATION  
PATRICK K. NAKAMURA, OF ALABAMA, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE FEDERAL MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH RE-VIEW COMMISSION FOR A TERM OF SIX YEARS EXPIRING AUGUST 30, 2022. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
ROBERT P. STORCH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE NATIONAL SECU-RITY AGENCY. (NEW POSITION) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:30 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.005 S29NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1531 November 29, 2016 
HONORING JIMMIE MARTINEZ 
HON. BLAKE FARENTHOLD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life and memory of Mr. Jimmie Martinez of Lumberton, Texas, who passed away earlier this month at the age of fifty-four. A former classmate of mine at Incarnate Word Academy, Jimmie committed himself to public service after graduation, joining the Nueces County Emergency Service District in Flour Bluff as a firefighter and EMT. He also served the Annaville Emergency Service Dis-trict and Lumberton Fire and EMS as Assist-ant Fire Marshal and as a firefighter and EMT. Jimmie served as the president of the twen-ty-one-county East Texas Firefighters’ and Fire Marshals’ Association, received the fire-fighter of the year award, the medal of valor and more. Most importantly, Jimmie was a friend to all—always willing to go out of his way to help those in need. He often volunteered on the weekends at his old firehouse in Flour Bluff to give them an extra hand. Jimmie was a great man and a dedicated public servant, and I say on behalf of the entire Coastal Bend commu-nity, thank you Jimmie. You will be missed. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MR. LUIS VALDEZ 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join President Obama in honoring a truly great American, Mr. Luis Valdez of San Juan Bautista, California. This past September, Luis participated in a White House ceremony where the President presented him with a Na-tional Medal of the Arts in recognition of his lifetime of contributions to the arts of the Unites States. The recognition highlights the incredible contribution Luis has made as a playwright, actor, writer, and director. Luis Valdez was born in Delano, California, in 1940. He was the second of ten children and grew up in a family of migrant farm work-ers. Luis began work in the fields at a young age and followed the harvest with his family up and down California’s Central Valley. He attended numerous schools before his family finally settled in San Jose. He entered San Jose State University on a scholarship for math and physics but switched his major to English and began to pursue his passion for theater. The imagination of theater had held a grip on Luis from an early age. In grammar school, he had organized plays and put on puppet shows in his garage. While still at SJSU, Luis won a playwriting contest with The Theft, and produced a full length play called The Shrunken Head of Pancho Villa. In 1965, Luis returned to Delano and joined with Cesar Chavez in the UFW’s effort to or-ganize farmworkers. It was then that he had the inspiration to combine his passions for the-ater and social justice and created a farm workers theater troupe simply called El Teatro Campesino. The group specialized in short one act plays based on the farm worker expe-rience that aimed to educate both farmworkers and the broader public. By 1967, El Teatro began to explore broader Chicano themes and Luis left the group to share that vision with a broader audience. He founded the Centro Campesino Cultural in Del Rey and later Fres-no to produce plays in a theater setting. Luis quickly developed a reputation as the Godfather of Chicano theater and helped or-ganize other Chicano theater groups through-out the Southwest. During this period he wrote and produced numerous plays, including La Virgen de Tepeyac, La carpa de los resquachis, and Corridos: Tales of Passion and Revolucion. However, Luis is best known for his seminal play Zoot Suit which he first produced in Los Angeles in 1978. The next year, Zoot Suit became the first play written by a Chicano produced on Broadway. A film version followed in 1981. This film experience led Luis to other television and movie projects, including the hit movie La Bamba in 1987 that told the story of Richie Valens. All along Luis remained committed to the campesino movement that he helped form and that helped to form him. In 1971, he moved his theater group to San Juan Bautisa in my California district. He became a founding member of the California Arts Council and is a member of the College of Fellows of the American Theater. Mr. Speaker, I know I speak for the whole House when I extend our congratulations to Luis Valdez for his most recent of honors. It comes on top of a lifetime of achievement giv-ing voice to those voices that have been so often missed or dismissed by our broader so-ciety. Mindful of recent events, his voice is more important than ever. 
f 
HONORING ELAINE KOHRMAN 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowl-edge Forest Supervisor Elaine Kohrman for her leadership during the on-going effort to up-date the Cibola Forest Plan so that it reflects the perspectives and recommendations of all communities with historical ties to the land. As the Supervisor for the Cibola National Forest and National Grasslands, Kohrman has successfully brought together representatives of communities that have a long history of ani-mosity and distrust of the federal government. Kohrman’s inclusive approach fostered an environment that encouraged leaders of sev-eral New Mexico land grants to come together as leaders to provide their perspectives as part of the Forest Plan revision process. Six of the land grants, including San Antonio de las Huertas, Can˜o´n de Carnue´, Chilili, Torreo´n, Tajique, and Manzano have signed Memoran-dums of Understanding to co-host and co-con-vene the land grant communities as part of the public engagement process. The New Mexico Land Grant Council is also a participant by MOU and represents statewide issues in this process. Their active participation has been in-strumental in developing and elevating a bet-ter understanding for employees, other co-operating agencies and public interests of their status and historic ties to the land and the continued uses of the Cibola to support their cultural identity. As a result of this involvement, the Cibola National Forest was recently recognized by the New Mexico Land Grant Consejo for ‘‘turn-ing the page’’ and promoting good faith con-sultation with the land grant communities. Kohrman has also welcomed participation from affected tribes and pueblos that are ac-tively engaging with other participants, other than just the Forest Service. Five pueblos, in-cluding Acoma, Isleta, Cochiti, San Felipe and Santa Ana, have also signed MOU’s to partici-pate, leading to consideration of issues related to the protection of sacred sites and strength-ening tribal partnerships. I greatly appreciate Elaine Kohrman’s efforts to promote a model of the Forest Service working as a partner, rather than being in the middle of issues. As a result of the more col-laborative process, contentious issues are ad-dressed in a more productive manner. I hope this collaboration can serve as a template for similar efforts throughout the Forest Service and the federal government. f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND WORK OF DAVID FLORES 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life and work of David Flores of Georgetown, Texas. After nearly four decades of impeccable work as County Audi-tor, David is beginning his richly-deserved re-tirement. County Auditors play a vital role in maintain-ing the fiscal integrity in county government and few have taken on this important respon-sibility with greater professionalism than David. He knows that second-rate work isn’t acceptable. The people of Texas deserve that level of excellence when it comes to managing their precious tax dollars. David doesn’t let them down. David’s positive impacts on the counties he’s served cannot be overstated. Under his leadership, Williamson County’s bond rating went from ‘‘low investment grade’’ to AAA, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29NO8.001 E29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1532 November 29, 2016 
highest rating available. He’s established thoughtful standards for county purchases and has provided superb oversight for $1 billion in capital projects. Central Texas is better be-cause of his leadership and hard work. David’s commitment to excellence doesn’t stop when the work day ends. He has been a trustee for the Texas County and District Re-tirement System and is a past president for the Texas Association of County Auditors. David shouldered the demanding responsibil-ities as the Chairman of the Investment Com-mittee for the Texas Association of Counties from 2008 to 2012. Over the years, he’s de-servedly received numerous awards and com-mendations as well as the admiration of his peers and colleagues. Retirement is to be celebrated and enjoyed. It is not the end of a career, but rather the be-ginning of a new adventure. I heartily salute David Flores’ work and contributions to his community. I’m sure I echo the thoughts of all when I wish him the best in both his retire-ment and all his future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING DENNIS R. LEBER OF PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I honor my constituent, Dennis R. Leber, on his pending retirement upon more than 17 years of com-bined service with the United States House of Representatives and the United States Air Force. Mr. Leber began his career as an Air Force telecommunications specialist, then spent sev-eral decades in the private sector communica-tions and networking industry. Upon comple-tion of his private sector career, Mr. Leber served two years as a contractor with the U.S. House of Representatives and House Informa-tion Resources (HIR) Group, where he com-pletes his professional career this December, upon 11 years of service as a Senior Network Systems Engineer in this august institution. Mr. Leber’s dedication and professionalism touched the lives of many people and chal-lenged all with whom he served to be the best. His presence and dedication will be missed, but we wish him well and Godspeed in his future adventures. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, I commend and congratu-late Dennis R. Leber upon his retirement and thank him for his tireless service to the citi-zens of the United States of America. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MAJOR TOOLE 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Major Travis N. Toole for his dedication to duty and service as an Army Officer. In 2014, Travis was selected to be an Army Congres-sional Fellow in my office. His portfolio in-cluded working with Team Monterey, all the Department of Defense entities located in Monterey, CA. Team Monterey includes the Defense Language Institute and the Naval Postgraduate School, Guard and Reserve fa-cilities, SATCOM, and nine other critical DoD and Navy missions all located in Monterey, after the closure of the former Fort Ord. Major Toole staffed me for the House Ap-propriations Subcommittee on Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs and brought his expertise as an Engineer to the portfolio that led to significant accomplishments. He was in-strumental in working the halls of the Pen-tagon on behalf of the California National Guard to secure funding for a bridge replace-ment, a number one priority of the Guard for several years. His diligence to constituent services enabled him to help a local transit provider navigate the Army bureaucracy for ul-timate payment of transit services. He was well respected by the Military Construction Ap-propriations staff for his contributions to the Subcommittee hearings and markup. When Travis returned to the Pentagon as an Army Congressional Budget Liaison, he worked closely with the House and Senate Military Constructions Appropriations Sub-committees, ensuring Army’s budget positions were extremely well represented and articu-lated to the Committees. He assisted the Sub-committee staff with their oversight respon-sibilities in Korea, Japan and many CONUS facilities, and accompanied Members visiting Afghanistan during the Christmas holiday. The next step for Major Toole will be further military education at the Command and Gen-eral Staff College at Fort Belvoir, Virginia. A native of Cincinnati, Ohio, Major Toole was commissioned as an Engineer officer after his graduation from Ohio University with a Bachelor of Arts degree. He has subse-quently earned a Master’s degree in Legisla-tive Affairs from the George Washington Uni-versity. He has served in a broad range of as-signments during his Army career. Major Toole’s previous assignments include serving as a Mobility Support Platoon Leader for the 562nd Engineer Company, 172nd Stryker Bri-gade Combat Team, and a Sapper Platoon Leader and Executive Officer for the 73rd En-gineer Company, 1st Brigade 25th Infantry Di-vision at Fort Wainwright, Alaska. He then served as a Current Operations Of-ficer for the 130th Engineer Brigade and com-manded the 34th Sapper Company, 65th Engi-neer Battalion at Schofield Barracks, Hawaii. Travis has led Soldiers in combat as a Platoon Leader, Battalion Operations Officer, and Company Commander while deployed in direct support of combat operations in Iraq on three separate occasions. Throughout his distinguished Army career, Travis has positively affected his Soldiers, peers, and superiors. His extraordinary leader-ship, thoughtful judgment, and exemplary work have made our country safer. On behalf of a grateful nation, I commend Major Travis Toole for his service to our nation and wish him all the best as he continues his journey in the United States Army. HONORING ADDISON RUSSELL FOR ADDISON RUSSELL DAY AT PACE HIGH SCHOOL IN PACE, FLORIDA HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I rise to recognize Addison Russell for his incredible athletic tal-ent and honor him for Addison Russell Day at Pace High School. His natural ability to lead by example both on and off the field has dis-tinguished him among his peers and built the foundation for his successful career. Born and raised in Pace, Florida, Russell began his freshman year at Pace High School in 2009 where he became the 5th freshman in the school’s history to play on the varsity baseball team. In 2010, he led Pace High School to a class 5A Florida High School Ath-letic Association baseball state championship and again as runner-up in 2012. In 2011, Rus-sell was selected to be a member of the USA Baseball 18U National Team at the COPABE 18U/AAA Pan American Games. Russell hit a grand slam in the Championship game against Team Canada, allowing his team to take home the gold medal and Russell to be named at the First-Team All-Tournament as Shortstop. Upon graduating from high school, Russell was drafted by the Oakland Athletics with the 11th overall pick of the first round in the 2012 Major League Baseball Draft. He was then traded to the Chicago Cubs on July 4, 2014 and on April 21, 2015 Russell made his major league debut against the Pittsburgh Pirates. Russell represented the Cubs in the 2016 Major League Baseball All-Star Game as the starting shortstop for the National League. Then, during game six of the 2016 World Se-ries, Addison hit the 19th grand slam in the history of the Series and also tied the Major League Baseball record for six RBIs by one player in a game on a team facing elimination from the fall classic. Mr. Speaker, Northwest Florida is proud to honor Addison Russell on November 29, 2016 with Addison Russell Day at Pace High School. My wife Vicki and I extend Russell, wife, Melisa; and children, Aiden and Mila; our best wishes for their continued success. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 9TH ANNUAL LAKESHORE CLASSIC BASKET-BALL INVITATIONAL 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor and respect that I recognize the Gary Chamber of Commerce as the organiza-tion celebrates the 9th annual Lakeshore Clas-sic Basketball Invitational. In observance of this special event, the Gary Chamber of Com-merce hosted a celebratory corporate lunch-eon at the Diamond Center in Gary, Indiana, on Monday, November 21, 2016, followed by the basketball invitational at West Side Lead-ership Academy on Friday, November 25 and Saturday, November 26, 2016. The theme for this year’s Lakeshore Classic is ‘‘Step Up for Education,’’ which emphasizes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.002 E29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1533 November 29, 2016 
the importance of combining athletics, aca-demics, and the significant role of teachers, parents, coaches, and community leaders in the educational processes. To enhance this vi-sion, the Gary Chamber of Commerce chose David J. Johns, Executive Director for the White House Initiative on Educational Excel-lence for African Americans, as a guest speaker for the corporate luncheon. This initia-tive works with federal agencies and partners nationwide to improve the range of edu-cational programs for African Americans. David is not only passionate about empow-ering youth and conducting research to im-prove the perception of African American males, he is also heavily committed to edu-cational improvement in the African American community. Through his passion and tireless contributions to education, Mr. Johns has proven to be an extraordinary advocate and example to all youth and is an inspiration to us all. At this time, I would like to recognize the schools who participated in the Lakeshore Classic basketball tournament. These teams are dedicated to achieving academic excel-lence and to demonstrating exceptional sports-manship. The participating teams include the Gary West Side Lady Cougars, Gary West Side Cougars, John Marshall Lady Com-mandos, John Marshall Commandos, East Chicago Central Cardinals, Thea Bowman Ea-gles, Charles A. Tindley Tigers, and the Grif-fith Panthers. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I ask you to join me in recognizing the Gary Chamber of Com-merce, as well as the organizers and sponsors of the 9th annual Lakeshore Classic. Their leadership, enthusiasm, and dedication to our youth and Northwest Indiana is worthy of the highest praise. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PEACH TREE HEALTH ON ITS 25TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Peach Tree Health for its 25 years of providing quality and affordable healthcare to medically underserved commu-nities in the 3rd District of California. Peach Tree Health is a federally qualified health center and an independent non-profit corporation based in Marysville, California. It has successfully extended its services throughout three counties within the 3rd Dis-trict without sacrificing its core values of com-passion, integrity, excellence, and cooperation in providing care for almost 30,000 patients. In August, Peach Tree Health opened its first clinic in Sacramento County, launching a unique vision care service designed to maxi-mize access to any child regardless of their family’s ability to pay. In 2017, Peach Tree Health will be opening a comprehensive Pedi-atric Center in Yuba City, California, that will offer health and dental services. The Department of Health and Human Serv-ices recently awarded Peach Tree Health a federal grant that will allow it to enhance its health information technology, further enhanc-ing the quality of care it provides. Congratulations to Peach Tree Health on this important milestone and its continued work offering personalized health services at affordable rates. Its services are of great im-portance to communities throughout the 3rd District and I look forward to working with them in the future. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PICATINNY ARSENAL’S STEM PROGRAM 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Science, Technology, Engineer-ing, and Mathematics (STEM) education pro-gram developed by the United States Army Armament Research, Development and Engi-neering Center (ARDEC) at Picatinny Arsenal in New Jersey. This STEM Educational Outreach Program supports public and private schools, colleges and universities, and professional develop-ment training throughout the state of New Jer-sey. Participants of the program have the op-portunity to visit with exceptional engineers and scientists in their laboratories, gain fund-ing for their student robotics teams and spon-sorship for student competitions, and benefit from the creation of new instructional mate-rials. Approximately 200 Picatinny scientists and engineers have volunteered to support STEM education by making over 1000 class-room visits, staffing over 100 educational field trips to Picatinny Arsenal’s laboratories, par-ticipating in the annual ‘‘Introduce a Girl to En-gineering’’ Open House, assisting nearly 800 teachers, and inspiring 50,000 students in over 400 schools, including many throughout the 10th Congressional District of New Jersey. This program has been developed to inspire students and educators through fresh and stimulating classroom activities in all avenues of STEM education. It has been custom tai-lored to meet the specific needs of individual schools using cutting edge technologies that are critical in order to compete in this current employment market. On behalf of the New Jersey youth, I am humbled to see such dedi-cation from ARDEC’s staff and professionals who are dedicated to transferring their knowl-edge of emerging technologies in STEM and look forward to the next generation of sci-entists and engineers from NJ–10. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF MICHAEL SIMONOFF 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Michael Scott Simonoff—a beloved husband, father, and son—who passed away following a motorcycle accident on Wednesday, November 9, 2016. Michael was born in 1967 to Jerome and Carol Simonoff in New York and spent his formative years in Plainview, Long Island. He graduated from John F. Kennedy High School in 1985 and attended the University of Denver where he received a Bachelor’s of Science in Accounting and a CPA license. He went on to earn a law degree from Whittier Law School in Southern California in 1998. While Michael is recognized for his business acumen, he was also extraordinarily generous with his time and resources. He started his own firm, the Simonoff Group that provided of-fice services, consulting, and bookkeeping to businesses. As a member of the California State Bar, Michael also used his legal exper-tise to negotiate complex real estate deals. His ceaseless generosity is manifested in his final act of goodness. Michael donated his organs to ensure others in need could have the gift of life. His family hopes this beautiful gift will allow others to live their lives to the fullest and extend Michael’s free and beautiful spirit. Michael is survived by his wife, Elayne Howitt, and two sons, Joel Simonoff and Sam Simonoff and two stepsons Adam Howitt and Josh Howitt of Encino, California. He also leaves behind his parents Jerome and Carol Simonoff of Marina Del Rey, California, his brother Zachary Simonoff, sister-in-law Lisa Swenski of Lorain, Ohio, his sister Rachael Wexler, brother-in-law Eric Wexler as well as his niece Amanda Wexler and nephew Har-rison (Harry) Wexler of Pacific Palisades, Cali-fornia. He is survived by many good friends and extended family. A funeral was held for Michael on Sunday November 13, 2016 at the Mount Sinai Ceme-tery. In the spirit of Michael’s generosity, the Simonoff family requested that in lieu of flow-ers, donations be made to charities of their choice. I wish Michael’s family nothing but peace and solace as they mourn the loss of a cherished husband, father, and son. I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing Mi-chael Simonoff’s beautiful life. f 
HONORING THE LATE DR. LUNA ISAAC MISHOE 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Luna Isaac Mishoe, former Presi-dent of Delaware State College and a veteran of World War II. Revered as a mentor, guide, and instructor, Dr. Mishoe was a symbol of hope for many young African American indi-viduals. One of America’s most distinguished mathe-maticians and physicists, Dr. Mishoe was only the 17th African American in this country to earn a Ph.D. in Mathematics. Indeed, Dr. Mishoe was a very well educated man: he held a Bachelor of Science Degree in mathe-matics and chemistry from Allen University, a Master of Science Degree in mathematics and physics from the University of Michigan, and a Doctor of Philosophy in mathematics from New York University, as well as a year of post-doctoral research in mathematics at Ox-ford University. And, at the age of 63, while serving as President of Delaware State, Dr. Mishoe graduated once again, this time with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Accounting and Business Administration, and a Master of Business Administration Degree from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsyl-vania. His tenacious desire to pursue his edu-cation is truly inspiring. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29NO8.005 E29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1534 November 29, 2016 
At the age of 53, Dr. Mishoe accepted the role as president of Delaware State College, where he oversaw the overall growth and de-velopment of the University. The school con-tinued to expand under Dr. Mishoe’s 27-year tenure, and he saw to it that greater emphasis be placed on the development and improve-ment of academic programs dedicated to the education of all people. Enrollment progres-sively increased from 386 students in 1960 to 2,327 in 1987. Dr. Mishoe’s phenomenal leadership gen-erated an exemplary environment at DSU. Serving the second longest tenure, Dr. Mishoe was able to improve the physical infrastructure by completing the construction of Conwell Hall for men, Laws Hall for women, building of Business and Economics, and Evers Hall. Through his ability to create the first master’s degree program in Education Curriculum and Instruction in 1981, and later, establishing six other graduate degree programs, Dr. Mishoe upheld the University’s mission of integrating the highest standard of excellence. Prior to entering academia, Dr. Mishoe served in the Air Force during World War II. During this time of racial conflict, Dr. Mishoe fought battles abroad and for civil rights at home. It was recently determined by the Na-tional Office of the Tuskegee Airmen that Dr. Mishoe is a documented Original Tuskegee Airman. He also served as a Special Consult-ant for the Ballistics Research Laboratory at the U.S. Army Ordnance Proving Ground in Maryland, prior to taking the helm at DSC. Dr. Mishoe sadly passed away at the age of 72 on January 18, 1989, and is remembered as a dynamic community leader by his family, friends, students, and the many people whose lives he touched. I am very pleased to honor his life and legacy. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JAGUAR TRACK CLUB 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark the 20th anniversary of the Jaguar Track Club, a competitive track program for youth ages 7–18 in South Orange, Maplewood, and surrounding communities in the 10th district of New Jersey. Founders Maurice and Daneen Cooper, Andrea Johnson, and Carl Lea held their first practice at Underhill Field in April 1996 and have been serving the public ever since. The program’s motto is ‘‘train your body to lead, train your body to follow.’’ Not only are these young athletes exercising their bodies physically, but they are working their minds concurrently to become productive members of society. Each youth is trained to run sprint, middle, and long distances, as well as field events such as hurdles, shot put, discus, and long jump. However, the program also builds self-esteem, promotes physical fitness, teach-es positive social skills, develops responsi-bility, and requires maintenance of academic excellence. Over 2,000 athletes have gone through the Jaguar Track Club; many have continued their love for track in college and beyond. A num-ber of the youth have achieved the distinction of All American, participated in Olympic trials, and even represented the United States in the Olympics. On December 28, 2016, the Jaguar Track Club will celebrate its 20th anniversary and the common bond shared of being a Jaguar. I am honored to recognize the athletes, par-ents, and coaches that have all participated throughout these past two decades. Congratu-lations once again to the Jaguar Track Club. f 
HONORING CARLO A. SCISSURA 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the tireless dedication of Brooklyn’s Carlo A. Scissura for his service to the com-munity. For the last two decades, Carlo has devoted his life to public service. In 1999, Carlo was elected to Community School Board 20 where he served for five years. During his time on the board, Carlo worked closely with parents and teachers to fight for drug and alcohol abuse prevention programs. He was then ap-pointed to the Community Education Council for district 20 where he served as President and Chairman of the Legislative Committee. Carlo was fundamental in having the School Construction Authority approve the largest capital construction plan for District 20. He has also served on the staffs of a local State Sen-ator, Assemblyman, and Borough President. Since 2012, Carlo has served as President and CEO of the Brooklyn Chamber of Com-merce. Under Carlo’s leadership, the Chamber has advocated fiercely for businesses and economic development in Brooklyn. In the last four years, the Chamber has launched mul-tiple initiatives such as Explore Brooklyn, Brooklyn-Made, and Chamber on the Go. These programs have proven successful and beneficial to all businesses that call Kings County their home. The Chamber will be sad to see Carlo leave as his life takes a new turn down the path of success. Mr. Speaker, Carlo Scissura’s dedication to charity and improving his community is the es-sence of the model New Yorker. I thank him, and the Chamber thanks him for his service, dedication, and all of his great work. I am proud to honor this great American from New York’s 11th District. 
f 
WITH THANKS FOR THE LIFE OF JUDGE DAVID A. KATZ 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in this season of thanksgiving when we are es-pecially grateful for family and friends to pay tribute to one such friend, The Honorable David A. Katz. Judge Katz passed from this life during the summer on July 26, 2016. A justice with the United States District Court, Northern District of Ohio, Judge Katz was appointed by President Bill Clinton in 1994 and had served on senior status since 2005. His tenure was marked by strong juris-prudence and included his tireless persever-ance of a new federal courthouse in Toledo. A highly regarded and well respected jurist, the flags flew at half staff the day after his death to honor his public service. In issuing the order, chief judge for the Northern District of Ohio Solomon Oliver, Jr. summed up Judge Katz’ service most succinctly when he stated, ‘‘Judge Katz’ contribution to our court has been immeasurable. He came to the court with a keen sense of fairness and a very large dose of common sense. He could always be counted on. He was highly respected by the lawyers in the community. Though he had many strengths, one of his greatest was his ability to resolve complex cases involving mul-tiple parties. As Chief Judge, I often sought and received his wise counsel. Every judge on our court highly valued David’s friendship. We will all miss him greatly.’’ David Katz was born in Toledo to parents Ruth and Samuel Katz and raised in Findlay, Ohio. He married Joan Siegel in 1955. He graduated from Ohio State University’s Col-lege of Law in 1957. He began private prac-tice with the Toledo firm of Spengler Nathanson where he ably practiced until his judicial appointment. Strong in his faith and proud of his Jewish heritage, Judge Katz gave of his time and talents to the Toledo Jewish Community Foundation, where the David A. Katz Philanthropic Fund was established. Even with all of the public accolades, Judge Katz’ proudest and most important achieve-ment was his family. A family man to his core, he cherished his wife, their children, grand-children and great-granddaughter above all else. Though a public man and elder states-man whose imprimatur is writ large through the decisions he rendered and his contribu-tions to our community, his true legacy is given to his family. As his family and friends remember Judge David A. Katz in thanks-giving for his life, we recall the words in the poem by Sylvan Kamens & Rabbi Jack Riemer, entitled We Remember Them. At the rising sun and at its going down; We remember them. At the blowing of the wind and in the chill of winter; We remember them. At the opening of the buds and in the rebirth of spring; We remember them. At the blueness of the skies and in the warmth of summer; We remember them. At the rustling of the leaves and in the beau-ty of the autumn; We remember them. At the beginning of the year and when it ends; We remember them. As long as we live, they too will live, for they are now a part of us as We remem-ber them. When we are weary and in need of strength; We remember them. When we are lost and sick at heart; We re-member them. When we have decisions that are difficult to make; We remember them. When we have joy we crave to share; We re-member them. When we have achievements that are based on theirs; We remember them. For as long as we live, they too will live, for they are now a part of us as, We re-member them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.005 E29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1535 November 29, 2016 
CONGRATULATING PETER GILEA ON RECEIVING THE BRONZE ME-DALLION AND KNIGHTED INTO THE U.S. ARMY CAVALRY AND ARMOR ASSOCIATION’S ORDER OF ST. GEORGE 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a World War II veteran from the Sixth Congressional District of Illinois, Peter Gilea. Peter was recently named a knight of the U.S. Army Cavalry and Armor Association’s Order of St. George and presented with the Bronze Medallion. The honor is awarded to Armor and Cavalrymen who perform outstanding service to the U.S. Army Armored Force. Peter Gilea was drafted and went into the army January 25, 1943. He went through his training with the 735th Independent Tank Bat-talion, which he also helped establish and on February 12, 1944 his unit left the United States and arrived in Scotland on February 24, 1944. While serving as a commander on a Sherman tank with the 735th Tank Battalion in Europe, he received five campaign battle stars, which include fighting in Normandy, the pursuit through France and action in Luxem-bourg during the important allied victory of the Battle of the Bulge. Peter also received the Bronze Star Medal for bravery, two Purple Hearts, European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, Good Conduct Medal, American Defense Medal, World War II Victory Medal and the French Legion of Honor Medal. His courage and commitment to defending the freedoms we cherish will forever be a credit to his patriotism and sacrifice. His brav-ery during campaigns through Normandy, Northern France, Rhineland, Ardennes-Alsace, and Central Europe was pivotal in the destruc-tion of the oppressive and evil Nazi regime. It is because of men like Peter Gilea that we enjoy the rights and liberties we value so deeply. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Peter Gilea for receiving the Bronze Me-dallion and receiving a knighthood into the Order of St. George. Once again, congratula-tions, and I wish Peter all the best in the years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DAVID WILDY, WIN-NER OF THE 2016 SWISHER SWEETS/SUNBELT EXPO SOUTH-EASTERN FARMER OF THE YEAR AWARD 
HON. AUSTIN SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, Representative C
RAWFORD and I would like to recognize Mr. David Wildy of Manila, Arkan-sas for being selected as the 2016 Swisher Sweets/Sunbelt Expo Southeastern Farmer of the Year. Receiving the award over nine other state finalists, Mr. Wildy was honored at the Willie B. Withers Luncheon on October 18, 2016, the opening day of the Sunbelt Ag Expo in Moultrie, Georgia. Upon graduating from the University of Ar-kansas in 1975, Mr. Wildy became the fifth- generation Wildy to take over the family’s cen-tury old farm, where he oversees the farm’s cotton, corn, soybean, wheat, peanut and po-tato production. Throughout his career, Mr. Wildy has found success not only in devel-oping his family farm but also in strengthening agriculture in his home state of Arkansas. In farming communities across the Southeast, Mr. Wildy is known as a generous man who shares his farm’s resources with agricultural scientists and researchers from private indus-tries, public universities, and the U.S. Depart-ment of Agriculture. Mr. Wildy has also achieved distinction as a hard-working public servant and philanthropist in his community. He has served as President of the Mississippi County Farm Bureau, mem-ber of the USDA-Farm Service Agency in Mis-sissippi County, member of the University of Arkansas Agriculture Development Council, member of the Arkansas Northeastern College Foundation Board of Governors, board mem-ber of the St. Francis Levee District of Arkan-sas, and board member of the Arkansas Cer-tified Crop Advisor. Mr. Wildy has also cham-pioned education in his community, providing scholarships to local high school graduates and giving books to elementary school stu-dents. Through his actions, service, and devotion to his farm and his community, Mr. Wildy has demonstrated profound leadership and dedica-tion to the agriculture industry. On behalf of the House Agriculture Committee, we would like to thank David Wildy for his service and congratulate him on the honor of being the 2016 Swisher Sweets/Sunbelt Expo South-eastern Farmer of the Year. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CAMDEN, AR-KANSAS’S AEROJET ROCKET-DYNE EMPLOYEES 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 675 employees at Aerojet Rocketdyne’s Camden, Arkansas, production facility and their upcoming achievement of the milestone shipment of the 2,700th PAC–3 Cost Reduction Initiative Rocket Motor, 500,000th PAC–3 Attitude Control Motor, and completion of the first full rate production con-tract of the PAC–3 Missile Segment Enhance-ment Rocket Motor, to Lockheed Martin and the United States Army. Aerojet Rocketdyne is a world-recognized aerospace and defense leader principally serv-ing the missile, space propulsion, and arma-ments markets. This most significant milestone will be commemorated with a celebration cere-mony held in Camden, Arkansas, on Thurs-day, December 8, 2016. The PAC–3 missile, powered by Aerojet Rocketdyne propulsion, is a high velocity inter-ceptor that defeats incoming targets by direct, body-to-body impact. The ‘‘hit-to-kill’’ PAC–3 missile is the world’s most advanced, capable, and powerful terminal air defense missile, and when deployed in a Patriot battery, signifi-cantly increases the Patriot system’s fire-power. It is capable of defeating the entire threat of tactical ballistic missiles, cruise mis-siles, and aircraft. One hundred percent effec-tive in Operation Iraqi Freedom, the PAC–3 missile is a quantum leap ahead of any other air defense missile when it comes to the ability to protect the Warfighter. Aerojet Rocketdyne has manufactured the PAC–3 Solid Rocket Motors and Attitude Con-trol Motors since 1998 at its Camden facility. Production of the Missile Segment Enhance-ment Rocket Motor began in 2014. The PAC– 3 rocket motors are a noteworthy element of Aerojet Rocketdyne’s industry-leading tactical propulsion portfolio produced in Camden, gen-erating significant employment opportunities for the area. On the occasion of this milestone, I am proud to recognize the dedicated, hardworking employees of Aerojet Rocketdyne in Camden and their achievements so far. These Arkan-sans are working hard to ensure our men and women in uniform have the resources they need to carry out their missions effectively and quickly, and they deserve our sincere appre-ciation. f 
MAMMOTH LAKES TRAIL AND PUBLIC ACCESS TENTH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the tenth anniversary of the Mammoth Lakes Trail and Public Access (MLTPA), a non-profit organization which has devoted their efforts to the planning and creation of a four- season trail system in Mammoth Lakes and the immediate Eastern Sierra. MLTPA is an effective, independent leader in recreational wilderness regions of California, preserving America’s natural beauty and encouraging a prosperous local economy. In 2005, the MLTPA began planning and raising over twen-ty million dollars which it invested to connect people with nature. Public access was im-proved so more people could come and enjoy the area’s great outdoors and through collabo-rative partnerships and recreation opportuni-ties, community participation increased. MLTPA has made a significant difference in connecting the community to the local govern-ment and businesses in order to bring people to the region by providing a safe and sustain-able trail network. Mammoth Lakes Trail and Public Access has increased awareness about the future of the community and its relation-ship to the surrounding public lands. MLTPA has led a collaborative effort with the local government, federal agencies, and other non- profits. Its upcoming projects include the ac-celeration of various transportation projects which aim to link the Town’s bicycle, pedes-trian, transit, and parking alternatives. I con-gratulate them on their ten years of success and look forward to all their success in the years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.007 E29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1536 November 29, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO CHARLES JOE HELMS 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the life of my good friend Charles Joe Helms of Butlerville, Indiana. Charlie was born on May 8, 1948 in Rich-mond, Indiana, to Myron and Esther Dennis Helms. Charlie lived a long, full life dedicated to his family and his community. Charlie is survived by his loving wife, Vickie; three sons, Jon, Lennie, and Arnie; daughter, Nichelle Burkhardt; stepdaughters, Traci Baldwin, Amy McCanlis, and Bekah Hunsucker; one sister, Lynda Schmidt; and seven grandchildren. Raised in Indiana, Charlie graduated from Brookville High School before serving his country in the U.S. Navy. Following his serv-ice, he worked for Ford Motor Company in Connersville and then General Motors Delphi in Dayton, Ohio for several years. Charlie offi-cially retired in 2010, after working for the Muscatatuck Urban Training Center. As the Good Book says in Acts 20:35, ‘‘It is more blessed to give than to receive.’’ Charlie truly lived this scripture throughout his life. Ev-eryone who knew him, knew of his steadfast faith and compassion for serving the Hoosier community. Charlie was a member of the Ne-braska Church of God, Masonic Lodge Num-ber 219 in Butlerville and American Legion Post Number 77 in Brookville. In his free time, he enjoyed exploring the outdoors, boating and spending time with his family I am lucky to have called Charlie Helms a close friend. I know first-hand his faith, his ex-traordinary friendship and his consistent en-couragement. I will never forget his support and belief in me. Charlie will be missed dearly by his family and his community, but his memory will live on in those who were blessed to know him. Today, it is my privilege to honor the life of Charlie Helms. My thoughts and prayers go out to Charlie’s family, and may God comfort those he left behind with His peace and strength. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE SAC-RAMENTO JAPANESE AMERICAN CITIZENS LEAGUE 2016 HON-OREES 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Sacramento Chapter of the Jap-anese American Citizens League’s 2016 hon-orees. As the members of the Sacramento Japanese American Citizens League (JACL) join together for their annual community rec-ognition and installation banquet, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in recognizing these outstanding leaders in our community. As one of the oldest and largest Japanese American Citizens League chapters in our na-tion, the Sacramento chapter remains a leader in the fight for civil rights of all Americans, while supporting programs that enhance our culture and community. Each year, the Sac-ramento JACL honors inspiring individuals and companies that are committed to public serv-ice and upholding the values of the JACL. This year, I join the members of the Sac-ramento JACL in honoring the following indi-viduals: Dr. Donna Yee and Priscilla Ouachita, as well as members from the Dharma School Courtyard Kitchen of the Sacramento Buddhist Church—Sam and Gladys Adachi, Billy and Grace Hatano, Reiko Kurahara, Mike and Ra-chel Nagai, Sachiko Sawada and Akaiye Shimada. Dr. Donna Yee, Chief Executive Officer of Asian Community Center Senior Services, has worked tirelessly for over forty years to ensure that seniors and their families have much needed access to resources and programs vital to their well-being. The ACC provides as-sisted and independent living as well as sup-porting programs including transportation, home respite services, and caregiver support. Priscilla Ouchida, a longtime community ad-vocate, has much experience and numerous accomplishments in the quest for civil rights and promoting the cultural heritage of Japa-nese-Americans. Serving as the Executive Di-rector of the JACL, the Chief of Staff and Leg-islative Director for Senator Joe Simitian, and the Chief of Staff and Legislative Director for Senator Patrick Johnston, Ms. Ouchida is a valued leader in our community. Sam and Gladys Adachi, Billy and Grace Hatano, Reiko Kurahara, Mike and Rachel Nagai, Sachiko Sawada and Akaiye Shimada from the Dharma School Courtyard Kitchen of the Sacramento Buddhist Church have been preparing meals for over 35 years. They man-age to do all this from donations from local businesses and church membership. Mr. Speaker, as these individuals are being recognized by the Japanese American Citi-zens League, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking them for their outstanding service to our Sacramento community. f 
HONORING MS. DEBORAH WILLIAMS 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life and invaluable career of Ms. Deborah Hudson-Williams, who passed away on November 18, 2016. Deborah was born on September 15, 1952 in Oakland California, to Girver and Gertrude Hudson, and grew up in a large working-class family which her father supported through his career as an electrician at General Electric. Her father was also active with the United Auto Workers (UAW), and his work would in-spire her own career, when she followed him into working for the UAW. Ms. Williams was incredibly passionate about the rights of workers, and she was very active in the UAW, including many years when she worked at the New United Motor Manufac-turing, Inc., (NUMMI) plant in Fremont, Cali-fornia. She also served as the chairperson for the UAW’s Political Action Committee in the Bay Area, which enabled her to support can-didates and policies that worked to improve the quality of life for middle-class families like her own. In addition to working to support the men and women of her union, Ms. Williams was politically active in many areas, including working with the National Association of Negro Business and Professional Women’s Clubs (NANBPWC), the A. Philip Randolph Organi-zation, the NAACP, and the Oakland East Bay Democratic Club. She is survived by many siblings, including four brothers: Anthony Hudson (Linda) Las Vegas, NV, Girver Hudson Jr. (Linda) Cali-fornia, Michael Hudson (Delores) Oakland, Mark Hudson, Oakland; and seven sisters, Brenda Brooks, Oakland, Francine Wesley (Noel) San Pablo, Cheryl Moore, Oakland, Pa-tricia Henry (Clarence) Oakland, Mada Hud-son, Oakland, Beverly Hudson, Pittsburg, Karen Cox (Mobil), Oakland. On a personal note, Debbie was a loyal supporter whose wise counsel I always appre-ciated and who always came through for me right on time, every time. Most importantly, she was a dear friend who I will deeply miss. On behalf on California’s 13th Congres-sional District, I would like to offer my sin-cerest condolences to her family, friends, and the community she cared so much about. Ms. Williams’ legacy as a strong advocate for working men and women will be remembered and honored throughout the Bay Area. f 
CELEBRATING THE REPUBLIC OF KAZAKHSTAN’S 25 YEARS OF INDEPENDENCE 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Republic of Kazakhstan, which on December 16, 2016 will celebrate its inde-pendence day. For twenty five years, Kazakhstan and its people have stood out as a steadfast and true friend to the United States on an array of security and economic issues and have made tremendous strides in democratization and economic development. Since its independence, Kazakhstan has stood out as a reliable strategic partner in Central Asia to the United States and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). Kazakhstan contributes to the reconstruction of Afghanistan, finances the education of thou-sands of Afghan immigrants and refugees, and has provided supply line access and sup-port to the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) Coalition. For the past thirteen years, Kazakh, American, and NATO security forces have conducted joint military training programs in the Central Asian steppes. Ac-cording to the National Bank of Kazakhstan, American companies invested $24 billion in the Kazakh economy from 2005 to 2016. However, the cornerstone of strong U.S.- Kazakhstan relations is nuclear nonprolifera-tion. After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Kazakhstan inherited a nuclear weapons stockpile of 1,400 nuclear warheads, the fourth largest stockpile of nuclear weapons in the world. President Nursultan Nazarbayev ex-pressed his early commitment to nuclear dis-armament by decommissioning all 1,400 nu-clear weapons. The government in Astana has remained committed to the global cause of nonprolifera-tion ever since. Recently the country estab-lished the first-ever Low Enriched Uranium 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.011 E29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1537 November 29, 2016 
Fuel Bank backed by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in order to ensure the stability of civil nuclear energy use worldwide. As a nonpermanent member of the UN Secu-rity Council, President Nazarbayev has relent-lessly pursued the cause of nuclear disar-mament. Kazakhstan is also on the road to becoming a regional hub for sustainable economic activ-ity in Central Asia. Its New Silk Road Initiative, the ‘‘Bright Path’’ stimulus plan, and the 2050 Strategy each mark President Nazarbayev’s commitment to developing transportation and telecommunications infrastructure and his commitment to diversifying Kazakhstan’s over-all economy. Relatedly, Kazakhstan will host an International Exposition in 2017 that aims to create a global discourse among states, NGOs, and corporations about ensuring sus-tainable access to energy while reducing car-bon emissions. These promising strides in economic development will not only help the Kazakh people, but will benefit American com-panies doing business in Kazakhstan. Mr. Speaker, I once again want to congratu-late President Nazarbayev and the Kazakh people on the joyous occasion of their twenty fifth anniversary of independence, and I look forward to a continued, strong and resilient friendship between our two countries. 
f 
2016 NATIONAL NATIVE AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, each No-vember we celebrate the contributions of First Americans with National Native American Her-itage Month. The people of the 567 diverse, federally recognized tribal nations—including the 11 Ojibwe and Dakota nations in Min-nesota—play a complex and vital role in our nation’s history, and make our communities and our country stronger today. Despite centuries of violent discrimination and abusive policies, our country’s Native American cultures and nations have endured. Tribal governments and Native communities have made monumental progress. Our federal trust relationship with tribal nations has grown stronger in the current era of self-governance among Native American tribes—a proud ac-complishment that will continue to require the federal government’s full and respectful en-gagement. As a co-chair of the Congressional Native American Caucus and the Ranking Member of the Interior-Environment Appropriations Sub-committee, I have had the honor to meet with hundreds of tribal leaders to discuss the needs of Indian Country. Working together, we have succeeded in making substantial progress on education, health, and criminal justice issues through measures like the In-dian Health Care Improvement Act, increased funding for the Bureau of Indian Education, and special tribal jurisdiction in domestic vio-lence cases. Despite these concrete steps, we have much more work to do to address disparities, invest in Indian Country, and create more op-portunities for all Native Americans—espe-cially Native youth. As we honor the achieve-ments and resilience of our First Americans, I pledge to continue working to ensure that our Native American brothers and sisters have every opportunity to succeed. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JOHN SHIREY 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John Shirey as he retires after over 44 years of public service. As his loved ones, friends, and colleagues celebrate his deco-rated career, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating his work as Sacramento’s City Manager. John earned his Bachelor of Science degree in industrial engineering at Purdue University and then completed his Master’s degree in public administration at the University of Southern California. He served diligently as the Assistant City Manager of City of Long Beach, starting a long career of public service in California. For a few years he served as City Manager of Cincinnati, Ohio. After return-ing to California, John began his time as Ex-ecutive Director of the California Redevelop-ment Association, an organization responsible for over 350 redevelopment agencies. Con-sistent with his dedication to the public good, John dedicated nine years to urban redevelop-ment, and thereafter became the City Man-ager of Sacramento in September of 2011. During his tenure as City Manager, Mr. Shirey has balanced not only an annual budget that nears $900 million, but also a work force of around 4,100 employees. His expertise and knowledge have served the city well, and he will be missed. Mr. Shirey played a pivotal role in keeping our Sacramento Kings where they belong, which is in California’s capital city. His motiva-tion and drive were integral to the construction of the Golden 1 Center, which is a jewel in Sacramento’s downtown that will drive eco-nomic development and commerce for dec-ades to come. John has also made a con-tinual effort to support the homeless in Sac-ramento. His hard work and integrity have helped make Sacramento a better place. Mr. Speaker, as John and his family, friends, and colleagues gather to celebrate his retirement, I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing him the best in retirement and thank-ing him for his contributions to the Sacramento region. 
f 
IN HONOR OF FRANK JOHNSON 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to a respected community leader and outstanding citizen, Frank Johnson. Sadly, Mr. Johnson passed away on Sunday, November 20, 2016. Funeral services were held on Saturday, November 26, 2016. Frank Johnson served our nation honorably among the ranks of the first black Marines, known as the Montford Point Marines because they received basic training at the segregated Montford Point Base adjacent to Camp Lejeune, North Carolina. Mr. Johnson later worked at Robins Air Force Base until he re-tired. Although Mr. Johnson fought to protect our cherished freedoms and liberties, he did not benefit from all those freedoms and liberties for he did not have the right to vote due to the color of his skin. This inspired Mr. Johnson to join the march over the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama on March 7, 1965. When the group of protesters reached the other side of the bridge, they were brutally attacked by police, giving the historic day the name ‘‘Bloody Sunday.’’ Frank Johnson’s life was about helping peo-ple. He was known as the ‘‘mayor’’ of Macon’s Unionville neighborhood for his efforts to revi-talize the area and improve the quality of life for its residents. He was involved in the Unionville Improvement Association and helped with community clean-ups. Mr. John-son wanted a recreation center for Unionville’s young people to enjoy. He got that and more—a recreation center was opened on Mercer University Drive on the site where he grew up playing and it was named after him. The Frank Johnson Community Center is cur-rently undergoing renovations and will reopen soon. Mr. Johnson devoted decades of service to the people of Macon through his meaningful contribution of energy, love, and genuine pas-sion. He was an honorable human being who loved deeply and, in return, was deeply loved. Frank Johnson is survived by his wife of 62 years, Dorothy, and his daughter, Cheryl. Maya Angelou once said, ‘‘A great soul serves everyone all the time. A great soul never dies.’’ Frank Johnson is one such great soul, who served humanity in a special way. Each day he graced the people around him with an enthusiastic sincerity of presence. His impression on this earth extends beyond him-self to the very wellbeing of the Macon com-munity, and for it he will be remembered by the community for time to come. Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along with the more than 730,000 people of the Sec-ond Congressional District salute Frank John-son for his dedicated service and exceptional impact on Macon, Georgia. I ask my col-leagues in the House of Representatives to join us in extending our deepest sympathies to Mr. Johnson’s family, friends and loved ones during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE SAC-RAMENTO BRANCH OF THE NAACP’S CENTENNIAL CELEBRA-TION 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Sacramento branch of the NAACP as they celebrate their 100th anniver-sary. The NAACP’s time-honored chapter in Sacramento has been a leader in the difficult 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.014 E29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1538 November 29, 2016 
yet rewarding work of the civil rights move-ment. I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring the significant contributions to civil rights in our community and nation of the Sac-ramento NAACP. The Sacramento branch was founded in 1916, seven years after the establishment of the first NAACP office in New York. The Sac-ramento branch was one of the first formed in the West and has continued to lead the peaceful, but powerful, fight against violence and civil rights abuses. This year’s Gala em-bodies the valued work of the branch over the years, which has helped the community ex-press its voice and assert its rights. Through the faith, perseverance, and never-ending courage of the Sacramento NAACP, our com-munity has seen the rights of many expanded and protected. Over the years the Sacramento branch of the NAACP has seen many great leaders. This legacy began with Rev. T. Allen, the first president of the branch who fought tirelessly to see that liberties would be defended. This fight has continued with every subsequent leader. This year’s Gala is a testament to their hard work, which has included providing free legal services to fight discrimination, spon-soring bills that ensure the rights of children and families, and fighting for education in the community. For 100 years the Sacramento branch of the NAACP has been striving to ensure political, educational, social, and economic equality for all. The NAACP has always been and will con-tinue to be an instrumental organization in fa-cilitating the advancement of minorities. I ask all my colleagues to join me in celebrating the 100th anniversary of the Sacramento chapter of the NAACP. 
f 
HONORING STEVE L ATOURETTE 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a good friend and former colleague, Steve LaTourette, who sadly passed away earlier this year after battling pancreatic can-cer. I first met Steve after he was elected to serve the 19th Congressional District of Ohio in 1994. One of the longtime leaders of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Com-mittee, Steve worked diligently on improving the infrastructure needs of not just his district and Ohio, but the nation. He played an impor-tant role in crafting highway authorization leg-islation, and in his last few years in the House, served as a member of the Appropriations Committee’s Transportation Subcommittee as well. Steve was also someone who sought out consensus and results in the legislative proc-ess. As one of the heads of Republican Main Street Partnership, a moderate Republican or-ganization, Steve looked for ways to advance policy ideas that would benefit the American people and bring as many folks together as possible on common ground. While Steve is no longer with us today, his sense of humor, leadership, and intelligence are not forgotten. I know that folks in Ohio and across the nation will remember his good works in Congress on behalf of his constitu-ents and the American people. True public servants like Steve LaTourette are missed when they leave the House, and mourned when they pass away too soon. Our thoughts and prayers go out to Steve’s wife, children, and his entire family. He will be missed. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DR. FRANK J. INDIHAR 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, my dear friend, Frank J. Indihar, MD passed away on October 23, 2016. He leaves a legacy of both medical excellence and committed service to my community, the state of Minnesota, and our nation. From 2002 through 2008, Dr. lndihar led Be-thesda Hospital as Chief Executive Officer, after serving as its Medical Director for several years and decades as a practicing physician. Bethesda Hospital, located steps from the State Capitol in Saint Paul, is a long-term acute care hospital with a reputation for first- class specialty care. Under his management, Bethesda improved its programs and services and undertook major facility renovations. The entire Midwest greatly benefited from Dr. Indihar’s long list of accomplishments at Bethesda, including establishing the Capistrant Center for Parkinson’s Disease and Movement Disorders, starting an innovative clinic to treat young people injured from concussions, and creating a therapeutic garden for patients, families, and employees. With Bethesda’s specialty in treating brain injuries, Dr. Indihar was a key resource to me as we worked to ensure that our servicemembers and veterans receive the health care they need, including assessment and treatment for those who sustained trau-matic brain injuries during their service in Iraq and Afghanistan. Dr. Indihar greatly assisted me with my work on this issue in Congress. As a Major in the United States Army Med-ical Corps, Dr. Indihar began his medical ca-reer serving in Vietnam and Washington, DC, and was awarded a Bronze Star with Oak Leaf Cluster in 1970 for his brave and meri-torious service. In 1973, he served as Chief Resident in Internal Medicine Service at the Minneapolis VA Medical Center. Throughout his distinguished career, Dr. Indihar demonstrated a steadfast commitment to excellence in medicine. Among his numer-ous professional positions, he was President of the Ramsey County Medical Society and served as Delegate and Chair of the Min-nesota delegation to the American Medical As-sociation House of Delegates for many years. His dedication to medicine was especially ap-parent through his lifelong mentorship of med-ical students. Frank was known as a Renaissance man and demonstrated strong support for the arts community in Minnesota. He also made exten-sive civic contributions to the boards of Catho-lic Services to the Elderly, the Minnesota Or-chestra, New Connections, and the Saint Paul Seminary. I wish to extend my sincere condolences to Frank’s wife, Anita Pampusch, as well as his sisters, nephew and nieces, and grandnieces. My heartfelt condolences also go out to his colleagues at Bethesda Hospital and HealthEast for their loss. It was an honor to work with Frank, and I valued our continued friendship in his retire-ment. He was a kind and extraordinary person who will be deeply missed. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 2016 URBAN LAND INSTITUTE VISION HONORS AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Urban Land Institute (ULI) of Sacramento and the 2016 ULI Vision Honors Award recipients. As the members of the Urban Land Institute of Sacramento gather at the annual Vision Honors dinner to recognize the projects and individuals that have shown exemplary leadership in smart planning, urban growth, and sustainable communities, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring their contributions to the Sacramento region. The ULI’s mission has long been to promote the responsible use of land for the benefit of local communities, and every year ULI recog-nizes leaders in the community who have upheld this mission. The ULI Principles Vision Honors Awardee is Mr. Mike McKeever, the outgoing Chief Executive Officer of the Sac-ramento Area Council of Governments. For over a decade, Mr. McKeever led SACOG with a steady hand and contributed to the ad-vancement of the region’s infrastructure. His nationally acclaimed Blueprint regional plan-ning scenario has become a model for sus-tainability planning and smart growth. Navi-gating an organization that represents six counties and 22 local cities is no easy task, but Mike proved time and again that he could bring people together and build a consensus among divergent viewpoints. I applaud Mike for his time at SACOG and his work that is not only improving the efficiency of Sacramento’s transit network, but is also increasing the re-gion’s environmental friendliness through its plan to reduce emissions. The 2016 ULI Project of the Year award is presented to the Sacramento Kings and the City of Sacramento for the Golden 1 Center/ Downtown Commons Project. The Golden 1 Center is a groundbreaking project in the heart of Sacramento’s downtown that ties the most advanced technology in the world with envi-ronmental sustainability. As the first LEED Platinum-designated arena in the world, the Golden 1 Center counteracts climate change through its use of solar energy and its water efficiency. Even more importantly, it promotes environmental awareness and sustainability to its estimated 1.2 million annual visitors. The Golden 1 Center/Downtown Commons Project also contributes to a thriving local community through its commitment to sourcing 90 percent of all food services from local farms and busi-nesses. The ULI Member/Achiever of the Year Vi-sion Honors Awardee is Mr. Jeffrey M. Gold-man, AICP, Principal of AECOM. Mr. Goldman has over 30 years of experience in community planning, development codes, community out-reach, and CEQA compliance. Over the last 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.018 E29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1539 November 29, 2016 
decade, Mr. Goldman has led the Sacramento AECOM office with an increased focus on sus-tainability, climate mitigation, adaptation, and community resilience. Mr. Goldman has be-come a leader in coordinating climate action planning documents for local jurisdictions and has furthered sustainability through his numer-ous environmentally conscious development plans for the Sacramento region, as well as his community-based housing and restoration projects. Mr. Speaker, as these leaders are being recognized for their forward-thinking contribu-tions to the Sacramento community, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring the im-pact they have made in the Sacramento re-gion. 
f 
TUESDAYS IN TEXAS: SUSANA DICKINSON 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the year was 1836. To many, this year does not signify much. For Texans everywhere, 1836 shaped the course of our history and spirit. In February of 1836, the troops of General Santa Anna invaded the Alamo where many Texians gave their lives in the struggle for independence. General Santa Anna and his troops numbered between 1,800 and 6,000 men. The 200 Texians occupying the Alamo stood ready to defend their country. All of the men in the Alamo would give their lives for Texan independence that night. General Santa Anna had ordered his men to take no pris-oners. Among the few that survived were Susana Dickinson and her daughter, Angelina. Susana Dickinson and her daughter had moved to San Antonio because her husband, Almeron Dick-inson, had wanted them close to him. When the Mexican troops arrived in San Antonio, Almeron Dickinson moved his family into the Alamo. Although Susana and Angelina sur-vived the siege of the Alamo, Almerson and the rest of the men did not. Susana was found hiding in the powder magazine by General Juan Almonte and sent to General Santa Anna, where she found her daughter sitting on his lap. General Santa Anna released her with the condition that she go to Camp Gonzalez and warn the Texas troops that he would kill them as he had killed the men in the Alamo. However, in accord-ance with true Texas spirit, it is believed that instead of delivering a threat, she delivered a war cry for the Texans. As a result of the siege and her husband’s death, Susana was forced to live in poverty for years. She faced multiple unsuccessful mar-riages and a difficult life but her spirit re-mained strong. As a survivor of the Alamo, she lived to tell about the heroic fight for free-dom against an oppressive and cruel dictator. The Alamo stands as a pillar of hope and is the single most significant structure in Texas history. Susana Dickinson’s story of the brave, heroic men who drew a line in the sand and fought for Texas’s freedom will live in the his-tory books, reminding future generations of Texans just what this great state stands for. Her spirit and bravery will live on in Texas his-tory. And that’s just the way it is. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. SHETAL SHAH AND HIS EXPERTISE IN CHILD HEALTH POLICY 
HON. STEVE ISRAEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a constituent, physician and re-searcher, Dr. Shetal I. Shah, MD, FAAP for his vigorous advocacy efforts in support of child and newborn health. For over 10 years, Dr. Shah has been an engaged physician-ad-vocate in his roles as Legislative Chairman and Executive Committee member of the Long Island Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics. A lifelong member of New York’s Third Congressional District, Dr. Shah’s med-ical expertise—coupled with his policy insights and practical, first-hand knowledge of how pe-diatric and neonatal medicine are practiced in the region—have been a vital resource for my office in interpreting child health legislation. His work has provided practice insights into how national policy will directly affect newborns, children, pediatricians and health- care systems across my congressional district and across Long Island. Throughout my tenure in the United States Congress, Dr. Shah has volunteered his time to work with my office to increase pediatric medication safety, support pediatric stem cell research, improve rates of life-saving immuni-zations, expand access for children to pediatri-cians, and reduce the effects of gun violence and tobacco on children. His work to promote increased funding for pediatric research, inter-national vaccination funding and healthcare for children has also been helpful to my work in Congress. I was particularly grateful to receive Dr. Shah’s assistance during the debate regarding passage of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. He was a vocal pro-ponent of how Medicaid Expansion, partnered with Health Insurance Exchanges and the State Child Health Insurance Program—would significantly increase health care access and preventive care for children on Long Island and across the nation. These meetings helped me to critically evaluate this signature legisla-tive achievement. Dr. Shah has been well recognized for his advocacy efforts over the past decade and I am thankful to be able to extend my apprecia-tion to him for his work. Dr. Shah is co-chair-man of the Advocacy Committee of the Soci-ety for Pediatric Research, a selective organi-zation consisting of the leading pediatric sci-entists, policy analysts and researchers in the nation. He is also an appointed member of the Pediatric Policy Council, a consortium of pedi-atric advocates from the leading medical orga-nizations dedicated to child health. His work in health policy on behalf of children has been honored by the American Medical Association, the March of Dimes, the American Academy of Pediatrics and the Institute for Medicine as a Professor at Columbia University. A former Fulbright Scholar, Dr. Shah is well prepared for his work. A 1996 graduate of Princeton University, Dr. Shah subsequently earned his medical degree—with honors in research— from Cornell University Medical College. He completed a three-year residency in pediatrics at Duke University School of Medicine fol-lowed by a three-year fellowship in neonatal- perinatal medicine at New York University School of Medicine before returning to Long Island. Currently he is a Clinical Professor of Pediatrics and Neonatal Medicine at New York Medical College and a neonatologist at Maria Fareri Children’s Hospital. Mr. Speaker, as I prepare to leave the United States Congress, I wish to thank impactful and engaged citizens such as Dr. Shah for his work with my office on behalf of children. His expert child health care policy analysis has helped elevate and focus debate on our most important constituents—our chil-dren. On behalf of New York’s third congressional district, I ask my colleagues to join with me in congratulating Dr. Shetal Shah, MD FAAP and extend to him thanks on behalf of a grateful United States Congress. 
f 
REMEMBERING DAVE HUTTON 
HON. MARK SANFORD 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of Dave Hutton of Daufuskie Is-land, located in the First District of South Carolina. He died earlier this month doing what he loved—living life fully and at full speed. In this case, he was on a hunting trip with friends. He was only twenty-seven years old. In that vein, Mark Twain once observed that the fear of death results from of a fear of life, but someone whose life is well lived is pre-pared to die at any time. Dave was indeed an example of life robustly lived, and much of his time spent on this earth was in the service of others. A man of large stature and spirit, his pres-ence was one that welcomed you and that could not be ignored. As a native of Daufuskie Island, it comes as no surprise that Dave was among those who remained behind to watch over it when Hurricane Matthew hit back in October. A member of the so-called ‘‘Daufuskie 100’’—the name for the number of residents who rode out the storm, he was someone that those on the island looked to as a leader. Indeed, when I last saw Dave, he was leading the cleanup effort from the driv-er’s seat of his bulldozer. That was par for the course for him. He couldn’t help but lead. Even as a toddler, Dave encouraged his mother to give the change to charity whenever they went out to eat, an early indication that a life filled with service was to come. Dave’s story is one of leading by example, one of both talking the talk and walking the walk, and I think there is a lesson that all of us can learn from within those pages. In his memory, I would ask that we take a moment today for reflection, and pause in ask-ing how we can live up to his example of lead-ership. For those of us who knew him, even in the briefest of life’s moments, he will be missed. Accordingly, I want to offer my condo-lences to his mother, Martha, as well as to the other family and friends he leaves behind. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.021 E29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1540 November 29, 2016 
Daufuskie has lost one of its strongest spirits. But inasmuch as Daufuskie is a heavenly place for all who are called to its shores, I look forward to landing at the ultimate heavenly place that calls all of us one day home—and seeing him there. Dave will be more than just waiting for us. Perhaps on a shinier dozer, he will have cleared a path for islanders and non- islanders alike. He will be giving perhaps a touch too much direction and leadership—but this indeed is the Dave of Dave. Until that reunion, Godspeed. 
f 
HONORING HARRIET SOL 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Congresswoman L
OISFRANKEL , rise today in memory of Harriet Sol, who passed away on November 20th. Her strength of character and her ever-outgoing and optimistic attitude is greatly missed by her loved ones and all who knew her. From the man she met on a Northeast train who eventually became her husband to the many recipients of her charity work, Harriet made an impact on everyone she met. Harriet never shied away from a new chal-lenge to help others. Upon retirement, she and her husband Ed settled into life in Delray Beach, where her selfless efforts fundraising for the Andy Roddick Foundation for Children in Distress and for the local National Football League chapter charity earned her the ‘‘Volun-teer of the Year’’ award at the Lakes of Del-ray. As vice president of the United South Coun-ty Democratic Club and an active volunteer for the Palm Beach County Democratic Club, Har-riet was known as a passionate activist and outreach expert. Harriet worked hard to better our commu-nity, and we have lost a great friend and men-tor. It was an honor to have known her and to have represented her in the United States Congress. 
f 
HONORING CONTRA COSTA COM-MUNITY COLLEGE CHANCELLOR HELEN BENJAMIN 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Congressmen M
IKETHOMPSON , JERRY  M
CNERNEY , and E RICSWALWELL , rise today to honor Helen Benjamin for her long commit-ment to the future of our youth and her belief in the power of education to improve our lives and our communities. Over the last 27 years, Helen’s leadership has been instrumental to the vibrant academic culture of the Contra Costa Community College District, spending the past twelve years as Chancellor. Helen was born in the City of Alexandria, Louisiana, and attended Bishop College in Texas and earned her Master’s and doctoral degrees from Texas Woman’s University. Helen began her professional career as a pub-lic school teacher before taking a position at a four-year institution and moving to a commu-nity college. Helen joined the Contra Costa Community College District in the early 1990s as the Los Medanos College Dean of Lan-guage Arts and Humanistic Studies and Re-lated Occupations. She also participated in the inaugural class of the League for Innovation in the Community College’s Expanding Leader-ship Diversity program. Helen has held several positions within the district over the years, including President of Contra Costa Community College, before be-coming Chancellor in 2005. She leaves behind a legacy of passionate advocacy for higher education, cultural diversity, professional de-velopment, and expanding opportunities for the students and faculty at the district’s three main campuses of Diablo Valley College, Los Medanos College, and Contra Costa College. Helen has also been a guiding force in the ex-pansion of the college district with a new cam-pus in San Ramon and the consideration of a new campus in Brentwood. Helen is highly respected throughout the Bay Area and beyond as an inspiring public servant. I, along with Congressmen MIKE T
HOMPSON , J ERRY MCNERNEY , and E RIC S
WALWELL , wish Helen and her family well in her retirement and thank her for her years of dedicated service to those seeking to improve their lives through education. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF ESPERANZA WORLEY 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize the deep and selfless commitment of a public servant who holds a special place in my heart. 2016 will mark the final year that Esperanza Worley works in my District office. We share that, a deep love for Dallas. I have known her since before I was elected into office, and she has worked on our team every single day of my Congressional career. Though my team and the constituents of Texas’ 30th District will lose an exceptional and caring advocate, they will gain a friend who will be rightfully enjoying some much-deserved retirement. Her attention to detail and warm demeanor have made her an excellent congressional staffer, but an even better friend to all of us. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize the selfless dedication Esperanza Worley has given to the people she has worked with and for in Dallas and beyond. For this she deserves our utmost respect, admiration, and praise—though her humility will likely not allow her to accept it. But more than anything, I want to show how much we like her, and wish her the best. f 
ANNE OTTERSON 
HON. SUSAN A. DAVIS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 29, 2016 Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, San Diego recently lost a giant presence in our community with the passing of Anne Otterson. Anne was a beloved part of San Diego, and she concentrated so much of her life to giving back. Through her work as an activist and phi-lanthropist with Project Concern International (PCI) and the University of California San Diego, she left behind an enormous impact on the community. A former Fulbright scholar, she was very quick and intelligent, but in a way that was in-clusive and encouraging of those around her. Anne had an ability to bring people in. She was always listening and wanted to learn about other people’s experiences. She had a dedication to helping her commu-nity and used her resources and talents to do just that. Anne was a celebrated chef and teacher at the local culinary school Perfect Pan School of Cooking. She took that passion to the next level and used it for the good of others by establishing the annual Celebrity Chefs Cook Gala in 1981—this event has gone on for decades and has raised over $9 million for cancer research and care at UCSD’s Moores Cancer Centers. Anne had a wonderful sense of humor, she was engaging, and had a presence that made people feel good. People just liked being around her. I was lucky enough to have spent time with Anne, and what always struck me about her was her strong sense of service. Her genuine interest was advancing PCI’s mission: spread-ing women’s empowerment, democracy and creating opportunity. Of all her many accomplishments, Anne considered her children and grandchildren to be her greatest achievements. She leaves be-hind a proud legacy. I also love what she described as her phi-losophy of life—I think it spells out the way she saw the world and how we can all learn from her. Anne said, ‘‘Laugh at yourself, be curious and care about others, and listen to the world about you—whether it is the bab-bling brook, the melodious sounds of a flute, or the plaintive cry of oppressed people.’’ These are the words that Anne Otterson lived by and they are an inspiration that lives on. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29NO8.011 E29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1068 Tuesday, November 29, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6521–S6578 Measures Introduced: Two bills and five resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3483–3484, S. Res. 620–623, and S. Con. Res. 56.
                Page S6550 
Measures Passed: Expanding Capacity for Health Outcomes Act: Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions was discharged from further consideration of S. 2873, to require studies and reports examining the use of, and opportunities to use, technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to improve programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and the bill was then passed by a unanimous vote of 97 yeas (Vote No. 154), after taking action on the following amendment pro-posed thereto:
                                                      Pages S6525–26 
Adopted: Daines (for Alexander) Amendment No. 5110, in the nature of a substitute.
                             Pages S6525–26 
Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Improvement Act: Senate passed S. 2944, to require adequate re-porting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits pro-gram, after withdrawing the committee amend-ments, and agreeing to the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                               Pages S6571–73 
McConnell (for Grassley) Amendment No. 5113, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S6573 
McConnell (for Grassley) Amendment No. 5114, to amend the title.
                                                    Page S6573 
Cross-Border Trade Enhancement Act: Senate passed S. 461, to provide for alternative financing ar-rangements for the provision of certain services and the construction and maintenance of infrastructure at land border ports of entry, after withdrawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S6573–75 
McConnell (for Cornyn) Amendment No. 5115, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S6575 
District of Columbia Judicial Financial Trans-parency Act: Senate passed H.R. 4419, to update the financial disclosure requirements for judges of the District of Columbia courts and to make other improvements to the District of Columbia courts.                                                                                             Page S6575 
Air Traffic Controllers Annuity Supplement: Senate passed H.R. 5785, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for an annuity supplement for certain air traffic controllers.
                        Page S6575 
National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency 20th Anniversary: Committee on Armed Services was dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 607, recognizing the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency on its 20th anniversary, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                           Pages S6575–76 
40 Years of Women Cadets at the United States Air Force Academy Day: Committee on Armed Services was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 611, supporting the designation of October 8, 2016, as ‘‘40 Years of Women Cadets at the United States Air Force Academy Day’’, and the res-olution was then agreed to.
                                  Page S6576 
National Adoption Day and National Adoption Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 622, expressing sup-port for the goals of National Adoption Day and National Adoption Month by promoting national awareness of adoption and the children awaiting families, celebrating children and families involved in adoption, and encouraging the people of the United States to secure safety, permanency, and well- being for all children.
                                              Page S6576 
Civil Air Patrol: Senate agreed to S. Res. 623, recognizing the vital role the Civil Air Patrol has played, and continues to play, in supporting the homeland security and national defense of the United States.
                                                              Page S6576 
Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Project in Reno, Nevada: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 3438, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a major medical facility project in Reno, Ne-vada, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                            Page S6576 
McConnell (for Heller) Amendment No. 5116, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S6576 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO6.REC D29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1069 November 29, 2016 
Iran Sanctions Extension Act—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that at a time to be determined between the Major-ity Leader, after consultation with the Democratic Leader, Senate begin consideration of H.R. 6297, to reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996; and that Senate vote on passage of the bill, with no inter-vening action or debate.
                                         Page S6521 
Protect Patrimony Resolution—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the Secretary of the Senate be authorized to re-quest the return of the papers with respect to H. Con. Res. 122, supporting efforts to stop the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of trib-al cultural items of American Indians, Alaska Na-tives, and Native Hawaiians in the United States and internationally, so that the Enrolling Clerk may make a technical correction.
                                 Page S6571 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to an alternative plan for pay increases for civilian Fed-eral employees covered by the General Schedule and certain other pay systems in January 2017; which was referred to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. (PM–57)
      Page S6546 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Joseph Bruce Hamilton, of Texas, to be a Member of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board for a term expiring October 18, 2021. Seth Harris, of New York, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years. Jeffrey R. Moreland, of Texas, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years. Rachel A. Meidl, of Wisconsin, to be a Member of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board for a term of five years. Michael P. Leary, of Pennsylvania, to be Inspector General, Social Security Administration. Richard Stengel, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the Broadcasting Board of Gov-ernors for a term expiring August 13, 2017. Richard Stengel, of the District of Columbia, to be Chairman of the Broadcasting Board of Gov-ernors. Patrick K. Nakamura, of Alabama, to be a Mem-ber of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission for a term of six years expiring August 30, 2022. Robert P. Storch, of the District of Columbia, to be Inspector General of the National Security Agen-cy. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Army, Foreign Service, and Marine Corps.                                                      Pages S6577–78 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S6521 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6546–50 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S6550 
Additional Cosponsors:                                        Page S6551 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6552–56 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6543–46 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6556–60 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6560 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—154)
                                                                Page S6526 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:44 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, November 30, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on pages S6576–77.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
VOLUNTARY EDUCATION PROGRAMS Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine Department of Defense actions concerning voluntary education programs, after re-ceiving testimony from Peter Levine, Acting Under Secretary for Personnel and Readiness, Stephanie Barna, Acting Principal Deputy Under Secretary for Personnel and Readiness, and Dawn Bilodeau, Chief, Voluntary Education Programs, all of the Depart-ment of Defense. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO6.REC D29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1070 November 29, 2016 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 9 public bills, H.R. 6394–6402; and 3 resolutions, H. Res. 932, 935–936 were introduced.
                         Page H6365 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6365–66 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1219, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to convey certain land and appurtenances of the Arbuckle Project, Oklahoma, to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–834); H.R. 5790, to provide adequate protections for whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation (H. Rept. 114–835); H.R. 5920, to enhance whistleblower protection for contractor and grantee employees (H. Rept. 114–836, Part 1); H.R. 6302, to provide an increase in premium pay for United States Secret Service agents per-forming protective services during 2016, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–837); H. Res. 933, providing amounts for further ex-penses of the Committee on Energy and Commerce in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress (H. Rept. 114–838); and H. Res. 934, providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 34) to authorize and strengthen the tsunami detection, forecast, warn-ing, research, and mitigation program of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6392) to amend the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to specify when bank holding companies may be sub-ject to certain enhanced supervision, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–839).
                    Pages H6364–65 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Womack to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H6315 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:02 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H6315 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:08 p.m and recon-vened at 3:01 p.m.
                                                   Page H6316 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Veterans TRICARE Choice Act: H.R. 5458, amended, to provide for coordination between the TRICARE program and eligibility for making con-tributions to a health savings account;
   Pages H6317–19 Railroad Emergency Services Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation Act of 2016: S. 546, amended, to establish the Railroad Emergency Services Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RESPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide recommenda-tions on emergency responder training and resources relating to hazardous materials incidents involving railroads;
                                                                 Pages H6319–21 
Designating the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 719 Church Street in Nashville, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Fred D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’: H.R. 6135, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 719 Church Street in Nashville, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Fred D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’;
                                                        Pages H6321–22 
Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016: S. 2577, amended, to protect crime victims’ rights, to eliminate the substantial backlog of DNA and other forensic evidence samples to improve and expand the forensic science testing capacity of Federal, State, and local crime laboratories, to increase research and de-velopment of new testing technologies, to develop new training programs regarding the collection and use of forensic evidence, to provide post-conviction testing of DNA evidence to exonerate the innocent, to support accreditation efforts of forensic science laboratories and medical examiner offices, to address training and equipment needs, and to improve the performance of counsel in State capital cases; 
                                                                                    Pages H6322–29 
Ensuring funding for the National Human Trafficking Hotline: H.R. 5422, to ensure funding for the National Human Trafficking Hotline, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 399 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 588;
                   Pages H6329–32, H6351–52 
United States-Israel Advanced Research Part-nership Act of 2016: H.R. 5877, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and the United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 to promote cooperative homeland security re-search and antiterrorism programs relating to cyber-security;
                                                                  Pages H6332–34 
United States-Israel Cybersecurity Cooperation Enhancement Act of 2016: H.R. 5843, amended, to establish a grant program at the Department of Homeland Security to promote cooperative research 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO6.REC D29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1071 November 29, 2016 
and development between the United States and Israel on cybersecurity;
                      Pages H6335–36, H6353 
Amending title 38, United States Code, to ex-pand the eligibility for headstones, markers, and medallions furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for deceased individuals who were awarded the Medal of Honor and are buried in private cemeteries: H.R. 4757, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the eligibility for headstones, markers, and medallions furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for deceased individuals who were awarded the Medal of Honor and are bur-ied in private cemeteries, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 401 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 589; 
                                                                Pages H6336–37, H6352–53 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To ex-pand the eligibility for headstones, markers, and me-dallions furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs for deceased individuals who were awarded the Medal of Honor and are buried in private cemeteries, and for other purposes.’’.
                                       Page H6336 
Working to Integrate Networks Guaranteeing Member Access Now Act: H.R. 5166, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide cer-tain employees of Members of Congress and certain employees of State or local governmental agencies with access to case-tracking information of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs;
                      Pages H6338–40 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Amend title 38, United States Code, to permit veterans to grant access to their records in the databases of the Veterans Benefits Administration to certain des-ignated congressional employees, and for other pur-poses.’’.
                                                                            Page H6340 
Honoring Investments in Recruiting and Em-ploying American Military Veterans Act of 2016: H.R. 3286, amended, to encourage effective, vol-untary private sector investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual presidential awards to private sector employers recognizing such efforts;
                                                                     Pages H6340–43 
No Hero Left Untreated Act: H.R. 5600, amend-ed, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide access to mag-netic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy tech-nology to veterans;
                                            Pages H6343–44 
Naming the Department of Veterans Affairs health care system in Long Beach, California the ‘‘Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center’’: H.R. 6323, to name the Department of Veterans Affairs health care system in Long Beach, California the ‘‘Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center’’;
                                       Pages H6344–45 Expressing the sense of Congress and reaffirm-ing longstanding United States policy in support of a direct bilaterally negotiated settlement of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and opposition to United Nations Security Council resolutions im-posing a solution to the conflict: H. Con. Res. 165, expressing the sense of Congress and reaffirming longstanding United States policy in support of a di-rect bilaterally negotiated settlement of the Israeli- Palestinian conflict and opposition to United Na-tions Security Council resolutions imposing a solu-tion to the conflict; and
                                 Pages H6345–49 
Encouraging reunions of divided Korean Amer-ican families: H. Con. Res. 40, encouraging re-unions of divided Korean American families. 
                                                                                    Pages H6349–51 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:27 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H6351 
Amending title 40, United States Code, to in-clude as part of the buildings and grounds of the National Gallery of Art any buildings and other areas within the boundaries of any real es-tate or other property interests acquired by the National Gallery of Art: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass H.R. 5160, to amend title 40, United States Code, to include as part of the buildings and grounds of the National Gallery of Art any buildings and other areas within the boundaries of any real estate or other property interests acquired by the National Gallery of Art. 
                                                                                            Page H6353 
Veterans Mobility Safety Act of 2016: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 3471, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain im-provements in the provision of automobiles and adaptive equipment by the Department of Veterans Affairs.
                                                                    Pages H6353–55 
First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass S. 1915, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials available to emergency response providers. 
                                                                                            Page H6355 
Northern Border Security Review Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass S. 1808, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a Northern Border threat anal-ysis.
                                                                           Pages H6355–56 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO6.REC D29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1072 November 29, 2016 
Protecting Veterans’ Educational Choice Act of 2016: H.R. 5047, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Labor to provide infor-mation to veterans and members of the Armed Forces about articulation agreements between insti-tutions of higher learning.
                            Pages H6337–38 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he transmitted an alternative plan for pay increases for civilian Federal employees cov-ered by the General Schedule in January 2017—re-ferred to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–185).
                                                                      Page H6351 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on page H6316. Senate Referrals: S. 2974 was held at the desk. S. 2325 was held at the desk. S. 2873 was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
                                                              Pages H6316, H6322, H6361 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6352 and H6352–53. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:10 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
SYSTEMIC RISK DESIGNATION IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2016; SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE TSUNAMI WARNING, EDUCATION, AND RESEARCH ACT OF 2015 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 6392, the ‘‘Systemic Risk Designation Im-provement Act of 2016’’; and Senate amendment to H.R. 34, the ‘‘Tsunami Warning, Education, and Research Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 7–3, a rule that provides for consider-ation of the Senate amendment to H.R. 34. The rule makes in order a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Energy and Commerce or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 34 with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–67 modified by the amendment printed in part A of the Rules Com-mittee report. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the motion. The rule pro-vides that the Senate amendment and motion shall be considered as read. The rule provides one hour of debate on the motion with 60 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and 20 minutes equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. Additionally, the rule grants a structured rule for H.R. 6392. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only the amendment printed in part B of the Rules Committee report, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment printed in part B of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Upton, and Representa-tives Pallone, Murphy of Pennsylvania, DeGette, Tiberi, Hanabusa, Luetkemeyer, and Maxine Waters of California. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness, to hold hearings to examine the dawn of artificial intel-ligence, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider the nominations of Charles P. Blahous, III, of Maryland, and Robert D. Reischauer, of Maryland, both to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund, a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund, and a Mem-ber of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine initial observations of the new leadership at the Border Patrol, 10 a.m., SD–342. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 3 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine financial abuse of older Americans by guardians and oth-ers in power, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO6.REC D29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1073 November 29, 2016 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the United States Preventive Services Task Force’’, 10:30 a.m., 2322 Ray-burn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the Mid-dle East and North Africa; and Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘Libya Five Years After Ghadafi’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4919, the ‘‘Kevin and Avonte’s Law of 2016’’, 10 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 5129, the ‘‘GO Act’’; H.R. 799, the ‘‘North Country National Scenic Trail Route Adjust-ment Act’’; and H.R. 3683, the ‘‘African American Civil Rights Network Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of DEA’s Confidential Source Program’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing en-titled ‘‘Federal Long-Term Care Insurance Program: Ex-amining Premium Increases’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO6.REC D29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1074 November 29, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, November 30 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will be in a period of morning business. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, November 30 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1537 Carter, John R., Tex., E1531 Cook, Paul, Calif., E1535 Davis, Susan A., Calif., E1540 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E1540 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E1540 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E1534 Farenthold, Blake, Tex., E1531 Farr, Sam, Calif., E1531, E1532 Garamendi, John, Calif., E1533 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E1538 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1533, E1536 Israel, Steve, N.Y., E1539 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1540 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1534 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1536 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1533 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E1531 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1536, E1537, E1537, E1538 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1537, E1538 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1536 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1532 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E1533, E1534 Perry, Scott, Pa., E1532 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1539 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E1535 Sanford, Mark, S.C., E1539 Scott, Austin, Ga., E1535 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1532 Westerman, Bruce, Ark., E1535 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Nov 30, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D29NO6.REC D29NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST