Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7579 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 2016 No. 180 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 2:30 p.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, December 13, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable B
ARBARA  C
OMSTOCK to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER Reverend Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Sky-line Wesleyan Church, San Diego, Cali-fornia, offered the following prayer: Almighty Father, Creator of Heaven and Earth, and Governor of all Nations, we give praise to Your Name as we stand on this 159th anniversary of the opening of this beautiful Chamber that has witnessed this Nation’s rich his-tory. May God bless the House of Rep-resentatives with another century and a half of doing the people’s bidding in maintaining family, faith, life, and freedom. We pray that the wisdom of King Sol-omon be given its leadership for guid-ance to lead us in the paths of right-eousness. And may they possess the in-genuity of King Uzziah to craft and create new means to prosperity for us all. Lastly, give them the fear of the Lord, for without it, no man shall pos-sess Your wisdom. We pray for peaceful transition of power, for racial reconciliation, for ci-vility in governance, and peace and goodwill for all mankind. In that Holy Christmas Child’s name we pray. Amen. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 2(a) of House Resolution 944, the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings is approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 12, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-cember 12, 2016, at 3:12 p.m.: That the Senate concurs in the House amendment to the bill S. 2971. That the Senate concurs in the House amendment to the bill S. 2854. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 12, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-cember 12, 2016, at 3:55 p.m.: That the Senate passed S. 3084. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 12, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-cember 12, 2016, at 5:44 p.m.: That the Senate agreed to without amend-ment H. Con. Res. 40. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 6282. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 6138. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 4680. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 5612. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 4465. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 5948. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 6323. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 4352. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 5099. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Dec 14, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.000 H13DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7580 December 13, 2016 
That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 5790. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 875. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 6304. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 6477. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 6452. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 6130. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 6450. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 6451. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 6431. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 6400. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
FRANK R. WOLF INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM ACT Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1150) to amend the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to im-prove the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterterrorism, and foreign assist-ance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political responses to re-ligious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings; policy; sense of Congress. Sec. 3. Definitions. TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF STATE ACTIVITIES Sec. 101. Office on International Religious Freedom; Ambassador at Large for International Religious Free-dom. Sec. 102. Annual Report on International Reli-gious Freedom. Sec. 103. Training for Foreign Service officers. Sec. 104. Prisoner lists and issue briefs on reli-gious freedom concerns. TITLE II—NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL Sec. 201. Special Adviser for International Reli-gious Freedom. TITLE III—PRESIDENTIAL ACTIONS Sec. 301. Non-state actor designations. Sec. 302. Presidential actions in response to particularly severe violations of religious freedom. Sec. 303. Report to Congress. Sec. 304. Presidential waiver. Sec. 305. Publication in the Federal Register. TITLE IV—PROMOTION OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM Sec. 401. Assistance for promoting religious freedom. TITLE V—DESIGNATED PERSONS LIST FOR PARTICULARLY SEVERE VIOLATIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM Sec. 501. Designated Persons List for Particu-larly Severe Violations of Reli-gious Freedom. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Sec. 601. Miscellaneous provisions. Sec. 602. Clerical amendments. SEC. 2. FINDINGS; POLICY; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Section 2(a) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘The free-dom of thought, conscience, and religion is un-derstood to protect theistic and non-theistic be-liefs and the right not to profess or practice any religion.’’ before ‘‘Governments’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘A policy or practice of routinely de-nying applications for visas for religious work-ers in a country can be indicative of a poor state of religious freedom in that country.’’; and (3) in paragraph (6)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and the specific targeting of non-theists, humanists, and atheists because of their beliefs’’ after ‘‘religious persecution’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and in regions where non- state actors exercise significant political power and territorial control’’ before the period at the end. (b) P
OLICY .—Section 2(b) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (5) as subparagraphs (A) through (E); (2) by striking the matter preceding subpara-graph (A), as redesignated, and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The following shall be the policy of the United States:’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
VOLVING POLICIES AND COORDINATED  
DIPLOMATIC RESPONSES .—Because the promotion of international religious freedom protects human rights, advances democracy abroad, and advances United States interests in stability, se-curity, and development globally, the promotion of international religious freedom requires new and evolving policies and diplomatic responses that— ‘‘(A) are drawn from the expertise of the na-tional security agencies, the diplomatic services, and other governmental agencies and non-governmental organizations; and ‘‘(B) are coordinated across and carried out by the entire range of Federal agencies.’’. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) a policy or practice by the government of any foreign country of routinely denying visa applications for religious workers can be indic-ative of a poor state of religious freedom in that country; and (2) the United States Government should seek to reverse any such policy by reviewing the en-tirety of the bilateral relationship between such country and the United States. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3 of the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6402) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (13) as para-graph (16); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (10), (11), and (12) as paragraphs (12), (13), and (14), respec-tively; (3) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(10) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001). ‘‘(11) NON-STATE ACTOR .—The term ‘non-state actor’ means a nonsovereign entity that— ‘‘(A) exercises significant political power and territorial control; ‘‘(B) is outside the control of a sovereign gov-ernment; and ‘‘(C) often employs violence in pursuit of its objectives.’’; (4) by inserting after paragraph (14), as redes-ignated, the following: ‘‘(15) S
PECIAL WATCH LIST .—The term ‘Special Watch List’ means the Special Watch List de-scribed in section 402(b)(1)(A)(iii).’’; and (5) in paragraph (16), as redesignated— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by redesignating clauses (iv) and (v) as clauses (v) and (vi), respectively; and (ii) by inserting after clause (iii) the following: ‘‘(iv) not professing a particular religion, or any religion;’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by inserting ‘‘conscience, non-theistic views, or’’ before ‘‘religious belief or practice’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘forcibly compelling non-be-lievers or non-theists to recant their beliefs or to convert,’’ after ‘‘forced religious conversion,’’. TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF STATE ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 101. OFFICE ON INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM; AMBASSADOR AT LARGE FOR INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101 of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6411) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘, and shall report directly to the Secretary of State’’ before the period at the end; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘responsibility’’ and inserting ‘‘responsibilities’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘shall be to advance’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘shall be to— ‘‘(A) advance’’; (iii) in subparagraph (A), as redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) integrate United States international re-ligious freedom policies and strategies into the foreign policy efforts of the United States.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘the prin-cipal adviser to’’ before ‘‘the Secretary of State’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) contacts with nongovernmental organi-zations that have an impact on the state of reli-gious freedom in their respective societies or re-gions, or internationally.’’; (D) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (E) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION RESPONSIBILITIES .—In order to promote religious freedom as an interest of United States foreign policy, the Ambassador at Large— ‘‘(A) shall coordinate international religious freedom policies across all programs, projects, and activities of the United States; and ‘‘(B) should participate in any interagency processes on issues in which the promotion of international religious freedom policy can ad-vance United States national security interests, including in democracy promotion, stability, se-curity, and development globally.’’; and (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘staff for the Office’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘ap-propriate staff for the Office, including full-time equivalent positions and other temporary staff 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Dec 14, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.004 H13DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7581 December 13, 2016 
positions needed to compile, edit, and manage the Annual Report under the direct supervision of the Ambassador at Large, and for the con-duct of investigations by the Office and for nec-essary travel to carry out this Act. The Sec-retary of State should provide the Ambassador at Large with sufficient funding to carry out the duties described in this section, including, as necessary, representation funds. On the date on which the President’s annual budget request is submitted to Congress, the Secretary shall sub-mit an annual report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that includes a report on staffing levels for the International Religious Freedom Office.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that maintaining an adequate staffing level at the Office, such as was in place during fiscal year 2016, is necessary for the Office to carry out its important work. 
SEC. 102. ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 102(b)(1) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6412(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘September 1’’ and inserting ‘‘May 1’’; (2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-serting ‘‘as well as the routine denial of visa ap-plications for religious workers;’’; (B) by redesignating clause (iv) as clause (vii); and (C) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) particularly severe violations of religious freedom in that country if such country does not have a functioning government or the gov-ernment of such country does not control its ter-ritory; ‘‘(v) the identification of prisoners, to the ex-tent possible, in that country pursuant to sec-tion 108(d); ‘‘(vi) any action taken by the government of that country to censor religious content, commu-nications, or worship activities online, including descriptions of the targeted religious group, the content, communication, or activities censored, and the means used; and’’; (3) in subparagraph (B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i)— (A) by inserting ‘‘persecution of lawyers, poli-ticians, or other human rights advocates seeking to defend the rights of members of religious groups or highlight religious freedom violations, prohibitions on ritual animal slaughter or male infant circumcision,’’ after ‘‘entire religions,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘policies that ban or restrict the public manifestation of religious belief and the peaceful involvement of religious groups or their members in the political life of each such foreign country,’’ after ‘‘such groups,’’; (4) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘A de-scription of United States actions and’’ and in-serting ‘‘A detailed description of United States actions, diplomatic and political coordination efforts, and other’’; and (5) in subparagraph (F)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 402(b)(1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 402(b)(1)(A)(ii)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any country in which a non-state actor designated as an entity of particular concern for religious freedom under section 301 of the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act is located shall be included in this section of the report.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the original intent of the International Re-ligious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401 et seq.) was to require annual reports from both the Department of State and the Commission on International Religious Freedom to be delivered each year, during the same calendar year, and with at least 5 months separating these reports, in order to provide updated information for pol-icymakers, Members of Congress, and non-governmental organizations; and (2) given that the annual Country Reports on Human Rights Practices no longer contain up-dated information on religious freedom condi-tions globally, it is important that the Depart-ment of State coordinate with the Commission to fulfill the original intent of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998. SEC. 103. TRAINING FOR FOREIGN SERVICE OFFI-CERS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO FOREIGN SERVICE ACT OF  1980.—Section 708 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4028) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respec-tively; (B) by striking ‘‘(a) The Secretary of State’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) H
UMAN RIGHTS , RELIGIOUS FREEDOM , 
ANDHUMAN TRAFFICKING TRAINING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
ELIGIOUS FREEDOM TRAINING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the train-ing required under paragraph (1)(B), the Direc-tor of the George P. Shultz National Foreign Af-fairs Training Center shall, not later than the one year after the date of the enactment of the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act, conduct training on religious freedom for all Foreign Service officers, including all entry level officers, all officers prior to departure for posting outside the United States, and all out-going deputy chiefs of mission and ambassadors. Such training shall be included in— ‘‘(i) the A–100 course attended by all Foreign Service officers; ‘‘(ii) the courses required of every Foreign Service officer prior to a posting outside the United States, with segments tailored to the par-ticular religious demography, religious freedom conditions, and United States strategies for ad-vancing religious freedom, in each receiving country; and ‘‘(iii) the courses required of all outgoing dep-uty chiefs of mission and ambassadors. ‘‘(B) D
EVELOPMENT OF CURRICULUM .—In car- rying out the training required under paragraph (1)(B), the Ambassador at Large for Inter-national Religious Freedom, in coordination with the Director of the George P. Shultz Na-tional Foreign Affairs Training Center and other Federal officials, as appropriate, and in consultation with the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom established under section 201(a) of the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431(a)), shall make recommendations to the Secretary of State regarding a curriculum for the training of United States Foreign Service officers under paragraph (1)(B) on the scope and strategic value of international religious freedom, how violations of international religious freedom harm fundamental United States interests, how the advancement of international religious free-dom can advance such interests, how United States international religious freedom policy should be carried out in practice by United States diplomats and other Foreign Service offi-cers, and the relevance and relationship of international religious freedom to United States defense, diplomacy, development, and public af-fairs efforts. The Secretary of State should en-sure the availability of sufficient resources to develop and implement such curriculum. ‘‘(C) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The curriculum and training materials developed under this paragraph shall be shared with the United States Armed Forces and other Federal depart-ments and agencies with personnel who are sta-tioned overseas, as appropriate, to provide training on— ‘‘(i) United States religious freedom policies; ‘‘(ii) religious traditions; ‘‘(iii) religious engagement strategies; ‘‘(iv) religious and cultural issues; and ‘‘(v) efforts to counter violent religious extre-mism.’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary of State’’ and inserting ‘‘REFUGEES .—The Secretary of State’’; and (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary of State’’ and inserting ‘‘C
HILD SOL-
DIERS .—The Secretary of State’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, with the assistance of the Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom, and the Director of the Foreign Service Insti-tute, located at the George P. Shultz National Foreign Affairs Training Center, shall submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate that con-tains a plan for undertaking training for For-eign Service officers under section 708 of the Foreign Services Act of 1980, as amended by sub-section (a). 
SEC. 104. PRISONER LISTS AND ISSUE BRIEFS ON RELIGIOUS FREEDOM CONCERNS. 
Section 108 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6417) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘faith,’’ and inserting ‘‘activities, religious freedom advo-cacy, or efforts to protect and advance the uni-versally recognized right to the freedom of reli-gion,’’; (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘, as appro-priate, provide’’ and insert ‘‘make available’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) V
ICTIMS LISTMAINTAINED BY THE UNITED  S
TATES COMMISSION ON INTERNATIONAL RELI-
GIOUS FREEDOM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall make publicly available, to the extent practicable, on-line and in official publications, lists of persons it determines are imprisoned or detained, have disappeared, been placed under house arrest, been tortured, or subjected to forced renunci-ations of faith for their religious activity or reli-gious freedom advocacy by the government of a foreign country that the Commission rec-ommends for designation as a country of par-ticular concern for religious freedom under sec-tion 402(b)(1)(A)(ii) or by a non-state actor that the Commission recommends for designation as an entity of particular concern for religious freedom under section 301 of the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act and in-clude as much publicly available information as practicable on the conditions and circumstances of such persons. ‘‘(2) D
ISCRETION .—In compiling lists under paragraph (1), the Commission shall exercise all appropriate discretion, including consideration of the safety and security of, and benefit to, the persons who may be included on the lists and the families of such persons.’’. TITLE II—NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL 
SEC. 201. SPECIAL ADVISER FOR INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
The position described in section 101(k) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021(k)) should assist the Ambassador at Large for Inter-national Religious Freedom to coordinate inter-national religious freedom policies and strate-gies throughout the executive branch and with-in any interagency policy committee of which the Ambassador at Large is a member. TITLE III—PRESIDENTIAL ACTIONS 
SEC. 301. NON-STATE ACTOR DESIGNATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President, concurrent with the annual foreign country review required under section 402(b)(1)(A) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6442(b)(1)(A)), shall— (1) review and identify any non-state actors operating in any such reviewed country or sur-rounding region that have engaged in particu-larly severe violations of religious freedom; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Dec 13, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.005 H13DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7582 December 13, 2016 
(2) designate, in a manner consistent with such Act, each such non-state actor as an entity of particular concern for religious freedom. (b) R
EPORT .—Whenever the President des-ignates a non-state actor under subsection (a) as an entity of particular concern for religious freedom, the President, as soon as practicable after the designation is made, shall submit a re-port to the appropriate congressional committees that describes the reasons for such designation. (c) A
CTIONS .—The President should take spe-cific actions, when practicable, to address severe violations of religious freedom of non-state ac-tors that are designated under subsection (a)(2). (d) D
EPARTMENT OF STATE ANNUAL REPORT .— The Secretary of State should include informa-tion detailing the reasons the President des-ignated a non-state actor as an entity of par-ticular concern for religious freedom under sub-section (a) in the Annual Report required under section 102(b)(1) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6412(b)(1)). (e) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Secretary of State should work with Congress and the U.S. Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom— (A) to create new political, financial, and dip-lomatic tools to address severe violations of reli-gious freedom by non-state actors; and (B) to update the actions the President can take under section 405 of the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6445); (2) governments must ultimately be held ac-countable for the abuses that occur in their ter-ritories; and (3) any actions the President takes after desig-nating a non-state actor as an entity of par-ticular concern should also involve high-level diplomacy with the government of the country in which the non-state actor is operating. (f) D
ETERMINATIONS OF RESPONSIBLE PAR-
TIES.—In order to appropriately target Presi-dential actions under the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401 et seq.), the President, with respect to each non- state actor designated as an entity of particular concern for religious freedom under subsection (a), shall seek to determine, to the extent prac-ticable, the specific officials or members that are responsible for the particularly severe violations of religious freedom engaged in or tolerated by such non-state actor. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’, ‘‘non- state actor’’, and ‘‘particularly severe violations of religious freedom’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6402), as amended by section 3 of this Act. 
SEC. 302. PRESIDENTIAL ACTIONS IN RESPONSE TO PARTICULARLY SEVERE VIOLA-TIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
Section 402 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6442) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which each Annual Report is submitted under section 102(b), the President shall— ‘‘(i) review the status of religious freedom in each foreign country to determine whether the government of that country has engaged in or tolerated particularly severe violations of reli-gious freedom in each such country during the preceding 12 months or longer; ‘‘(ii) designate each country the government of which has engaged in or tolerated violations described in clause (i) as a country of particular concern for religious freedom; and ‘‘(iii) designate each country that engaged in or tolerated severe violations of religious free-dom during the previous year, but does not meet, in the opinion of the President at the time of publication of the Annual Report, all of the criteria described in section 3(15) for designation under clause (ii) as being placed on a ‘Special Watch List’.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘prior to September 1 of the respective year’’ and insert-ing ‘‘before the date on which each Annual Re-port is submitted under section 102(b)’’; (B) by amending paragraph (3) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(3) CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Whenever the President designates a country as a country of particular concern for religious freedom under paragraph (1)(A)(ii), the President, not later than 90 days after such designation, shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees— ‘‘(i) the designation of the country, signed by the President; ‘‘(ii) the identification, if any, of responsible parties determined under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(iii) a description of the actions taken under subsection (c), the purposes of the actions taken, and the effectiveness of the actions taken. ‘‘(B) R
EMOVAL OF DESIGNATION .—A country that is designated as a country of particular concern for religious freedom under paragraph (1)(A)(ii) shall retain such designation until the President determines and reports to the appro-priate congressional committees that the country should no longer be so designated.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) E
FFECT ON DESIGNATION AS COUNTRY OF  
PARTICULAR CONCERN .—The presence or absence of a country from the Special Watch List in any given year shall not preclude the designation of such country as a country of particular concern for religious freedom under paragraph (1)(A)(ii) in any such year.’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(5), by striking ‘‘the Presi-dent must designate the specific sanction or sanctions which he determines satisfy the re-quirements of this subsection.’’ and inserting ‘‘the President shall designate the specific sanc-tion or sanctions that the President determines satisfy the requirements under this subsection and include a description of the impact of such sanction or sanctions on each country.’’. 
SEC. 303. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Section 404(a)(4)(A) of the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6444(a)(4)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) the impact on the advancement of United States interests in democracy, human rights, and security, and a description of policy tools being applied in the country, including programs that target democratic stability, eco-nomic growth, and counterterrorism.’’. 
SEC. 304. PRESIDENTIAL WAIVER. 
Section 407 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6447) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘, for a single, 180-day pe-riod,’’ after ‘‘may waive’’; (C) by striking paragraph (1); and (D) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—Subject to sub-section (c), the President may waive, for any additional specified period of time after the 180- day period described in subsection (a), the ap-plication of any of the actions described in paragraphs (9) through (15) of section 405(a) (or a commensurate substitute action) with respect to a country, if the President determines and re-ports to the appropriate congressional commit-tees that— ‘‘(1) the respective foreign government has ceased the violations giving rise to the Presi-dential action; or ‘‘(2) the important national interest of the United States requires the exercise of such waiv-er authority.’’; (4) in subsection (c), as redesignated, by in-serting ‘‘or (b)’’ after ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— ‘‘(1) ongoing and persistent waivers of the ap-plication of any of the actions described in paragraphs (9) through (15) of section 405(a) (or commensurate substitute action) with respect to a country do not fulfill the purposes of this Act; and ‘‘(2) because the promotion of religious free-dom is an important interest of United States foreign policy, the President, the Secretary of State, and other executive branch officials, in consultation with Congress, should seek to find ways to address existing violations, on a case- by-case basis, through the actions described in section 405 or other commensurate substitute ac-tion.’’. 
SEC. 305. PUBLICATION IN THE FEDERAL REG-ISTER. 
Section 408(a)(1) of the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6448(a)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any designation of a non-state actor as an en-tity of particular concern for religious freedom under section 301 of the Frank R. Wolf Inter-national Religious Freedom Act and, if applica-ble and to the extent practicable, the identities of individuals determined to be responsible for violations described in subsection (f) of such sec-tion.’’. TITLE IV—PROMOTION OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM 
SEC. 401. ASSISTANCE FOR PROMOTING RELI-GIOUS FREEDOM. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF ASSISTANCE .—It is the sense of Congress that for each fiscal year that begins on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President should request sufficient appropriations from Congress to support— (1) the vigorous promotion of international re-ligious freedom and for projects to advance United States interests in the protection and ad-vancement of international religious freedom, in particular, through grants to groups that— (A) are capable of developing legal protections or promoting cultural and societal under-standing of international norms of religious freedom; (B) seek to address and mitigate religiously motivated and sectarian violence and combat violent extremism; or (C) seek to strengthen investigations, report-ing, and monitoring of religious freedom viola-tions, including genocide perpetrated against re-ligious minorities; and (2) the establishment of an effective Religious Freedom Defense Fund, to be administered by the Ambassador at Large for International Reli-gious Freedom, to provide grants for— (A) victims of religious freedom abuses and their families to cover legal and other expenses that may arise from detention, imprisonment, torture, fines, and other restrictions; and (B) projects to help create and support train-ing of a new generation of defenders of religious freedom, including legal and political advocates, and civil society projects which seek to create advocacy networks, strengthen legal representa-tion, train and educate new religious freedom defenders, and build the capacity of religious communities and rights defenders to protect against religious freedom violations, mitigate so-cietal or sectarian violence, or minimize legal or other restrictions of the right to freedom of reli-gion. (b) P
REFERENCE .—It is the sense of Congress that, in providing grants under subsection (a), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Dec 13, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.005 H13DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7583 December 13, 2016 
the Ambassador at Large for International Reli-gious Freedom should, as appropriate, give pref-erence to projects targeting religious freedom violations in countries— (1) designated as countries of particular con-cern for religious freedom under section 402(b)(1) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6442(b)(1)); or (2) included on the Special Watch List de-scribed in section 402(b)(1)(A)(iii) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998, as added by section 302(1)(A)(i) of this Act. (c) A
DMINISTRATION AND CONSULTATIONS .— (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—Amounts made avail-able under subsection (a) shall be administered by the Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom. (2) C
ONSULTATIONS .—In developing priorities and policies for providing grants authorized under subsection (a), including programming and policy, the Ambassador at Large for Inter-national Religious Freedom should consult with other Federal agencies, including the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom and, as appropriate, nongovernmental organizations. TITLE V—DESIGNATED PERSONS LIST FOR PARTICULARLY SEVERE VIOLA-TIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM 
SEC. 501. DESIGNATED PERSONS LIST FOR PAR-TICULARLY SEVERE VIOLATIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
Title VI of the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6471 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating section 605 as section 606; and (2) by inserting after section 604 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 605. DESIGNATED PERSONS LIST FOR PAR-TICULARLY SEVERE VIOLATIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
‘‘(a) L IST.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Ambassador at Large and in consultation with relevant government and nongovernment experts, shall establish and maintain a list of foreign individuals to whom a consular post has denied a visa on the grounds of particularly severe violations of religious free-dom under section 212(a)(2)(G) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)(G)), or who are subject to financial sanctions or other measures for particularly se-vere violations of freedom religion. ‘‘(2) R
EFERENCE .—The list required under paragraph (1) shall be known as the ‘Des-ignated Persons List for Particularly Severe Violations of Religious Freedom’. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that contains the list required under subsection (a), including, with respect to each foreign individual on the list— ‘‘(A) the name of the individual and a descrip-tion of the particularly severe violation of reli-gious freedom committed by the individual; ‘‘(B) the name of the country or other location in which such violation took place; and ‘‘(C) a description of the actions taken pursu-ant to this Act or any other Act or Executive order in response to such violation. ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION AND UPDATES .—The Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees— ‘‘(A) the initial report required under para-graph (1) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Frank R. Wolf Inter-national Religious Freedom Act; and ‘‘(B) updates to the report every 180 days thereafter and as new information becomes available. ‘‘(3) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) should be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; ‘‘(C) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(D) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(E) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(F) the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives.’’. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS SEC. 601. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 
Title VII of the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6481 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 702. VOLUNTARY CODES OF CONDUCT FOR UNITED STATES INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
‘‘(a) F INDING .—Congress recognizes the endur-ing importance of United States institutions of higher education worldwide— ‘‘(1) for their potential for shaping positive leadership and new educational models in host countries; and ‘‘(2) for their emphasis on teaching univer-sally recognized rights of free inquiry and aca-demic freedom. ‘‘(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that United States institutions of high-er education operating campuses outside the United States or establishing any educational entities with foreign governments, particularly with or in countries the governments of which engage in or tolerate severe violations of reli-gious freedom as identified in the Annual Re-port, should seek to adopt a voluntary code of conduct for operating in such countries that should— ‘‘(1) uphold the right of freedom of religion of their employees and students, including the right to manifest that religion peacefully as pro-tected in international law; ‘‘(2) ensure that the religious views and peace-ful practice of religion in no way affect, or be allowed to affect, the status of a worker’s or faculty member’s employment or a student’s en-rollment; and ‘‘(3) make every effort in all negotiations, con-tracts, or memoranda of understanding engaged in or constructed with a foreign government to protect academic freedom and the rights en-shrined in the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights. 
‘‘SEC. 703. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING NA-TIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY TO PROMOTE RELIGIOUS FREEDOM THROUGH UNITED STATES FOREIGN POLICY. 
‘‘It is the sense of Congress that the annual national security strategy report of the Presi-dent required under section 108 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043)— ‘‘(1) should promote international religious freedom as a foreign policy and national secu-rity priority; and ‘‘(2) should articulate that promotion of the right to freedom of religion is a strategy that— ‘‘(A) protects other, related human rights, and advances democracy outside the United States; and ‘‘(B) makes clear its importance to United States foreign policy goals of stability, security, development, and diplomacy; ‘‘(3) should be a guide for the strategies and activities of relevant Federal agencies; and ‘‘(4) should inform the Department of Defense quadrennial defense review under section 118 of title 10, United States Code, and the Department of State Quadrennial Diplomacy and Develop-ment Review.’’. 
SEC. 602. CLERICAL AMENDMENTS. 
The table of contents of the International Re-ligious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6401 note) is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to section 605 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 606. Studies on the effect of expedited re-moval provisions on asylum claims.’’; (2) by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 604 the following: ‘‘Sec. 605. Designated Persons List for Particu-larly Severe Violations of Reli-gious Freedom.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Sec. 702. Voluntary codes of conduct for United States institutions of high-er education operating outside the United States. ‘‘Sec. 703. Sense of Congress regarding national security strategy to promote reli-gious freedom through United States foreign policy.’’. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (during the reading). Madam Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, eighteen years ago, Congress had the fore-sight to pass the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998. That landmark bill made ad-vancing the right to religious freedom a U.S. foreign policy priority. The International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 needed to be upgraded to meet some of the new challenges of the 21st century. This bill, the Frank Wolf International Religious Freedom Act of 2016, accomplishes that goal by integrating international religious freedom into U.S. foreign policy; improving the ability of the U.S. government to advance religious free-dom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterterrorism, and foreign assist-ance efforts; and giving the Secretary of State stronger and more flexible political responses to growing religious freedom violations. Religion is an even more relevant foreign policy issue today than it was eighteen years ago. From China and Vietnam to Syria and Ni-geria, we are witnessing a tragic, global crisis in religious persecution, violence and ter-rorism, with dire consequences for religious minorities and for U.S. national security. The biggest threats to our nation often come from those most violently opposed to religious freedom. Thus, the promotion of religious lib-erty is not an isolated human rights concern, but a fundamental component of our national security. The global religious freedom crisis we are experiencing today has created millions of vic-tims and undermines liberty, prosperity and peace in places vital to U.S. national inter-ests—posing direct challenge to the U.S. inter-ests in the Middle East, Russia, China and sub-Saharan Africa. Ancient Christian communities in Iraq and Syria are on the verge of extinction and other religious minorities in the Middle East face a constant assault from the so-called Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS). ISIS is commit-ting genocide, mass atrocities, and war crimes to advance its cause—they must be stopped and those facing genocide must be giving the assistance. A robust religious freedom diplomacy is nec-essary to advance U.S. interests in stability, security, and economic development. Re-search has shown that where there is more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Dec 13, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.005 H13DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7584 December 13, 2016 
religious freedom, there is more economic freedom, more women’s empowerment, more political stability, more freedom of speech, and less terrorism. More than ever before, vigorous U.S. lead-ership and diplomacy are needed to address religious freedom violations globally. It is clear that our national security will depend on the protection and advancement of this funda-mental freedom. The Frank Wolf International Religious Free-dom Act will upgrade the tools and used by the Administration to improve U.S. religious freedom diplomacy efforts globally; better trained and equipped diplomats to counter ex-tremism; address anti-Semitism and religious persecution, and mitigate sectarian conflict. The bill does this by: Requiring that the Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom report directly to the Secretary of State. Elevating the position of the Ambassador within the Federal Government: Gives the Am-bassador responsibilities to coordinate reli-gious freedom policy throughout the govern-ment; develop training curriculum for all For-eign Service officers; and administer grants to promote religious freedom policy globally. Requiring training in international religious freedom for all Foreign Service Officers: Re-quires development of curriculum and training for all incoming Foreign Service Officers and for Deputy Chiefs of Mission and Ambas-sadors going out to new posts. The curriculum used by the State Department will be made available to the U.S. Military and other rel-evant government agencies. Creating an ‘‘Entity of Particular Concern’’ Designation for Non-State Actors: Gives the Secretary of State authority to designate as ‘‘entities of particular concern’’ in recognition of the fact that in the 21st century some of the most egregious religious freedom violations are committed by non-state actors. Requiring more frequent Presidential actions to counter severe religious freedom violations globally: Requires annual Country of Particular Concern (CPC) designations. Limits the num-ber of sanctions waivers (except in cases of the national interest) and requires more fre-quent reporting on countries where sanction waivers are used. Creating a comprehensive Religious Pris-oner’s List: Lists of religious prisoners would be made available upon request from Mem-bers of Congress. Increasing congressional oversight of State Department actions against individual religious freedom violators through the creation of a ‘‘Designated Persons List:’’ The list will include individuals who have been denied a visa or sanctioned because of their involvement in se-vere violations of religious freedom. Congress will receive frequent and regular updates on the list. Requiring the State Department to create a ‘‘Special Watch List’’ of countries that tolerate severe violations of religious freedom but which may fail to meet the CPC threshold. Sets Congressional Expectations for Staffing of the IRF Office and Expansion of Religious Freedom Program Grants: Requires ‘‘appro-priate staff’ for the IRF office and seeks office staffing at FY 16 levels. Urges the State De-partment to request ‘‘sufficient funding for vig-orous promotion’’ of international religious freedom policy. The bill is named after former Congressman Frank Wolf, a tireless champion for the rights of the poor and the persecuted globally. 18 years ago, he had the foresight to make ad-vancing the right to religious freedom a high U.S. foreign policy priority. It is largely be-cause of his efforts that religious freedom is taken seriously as a foreign policy issue. I had the distinct honor and pleasure of working with him for over thirty years. This bill is a fitting tribute to his work and service to our great na-tion. I want to thank Rep. A
NNA ESHOO for her partnership on this legislation and her advo-cacy on behalf of religious minorities in the Middle East and the cause of all those op-pressed for the beliefs they hold. I also want to thank Senator M
ARCO RUBIO for his commitment to the cause of human rights and international religious freedom and for his assistance in getting this bill passed in the Senate. As with many pieces of bipartisan legisla-tion, this bill would not have gotten this far without the assistance of many individuals and groups invested in its passage. I want to thank Senators B
OBCORKER , and B ENCARDIN , for assisting with the bill’s amendment and pas-sage on the Senate side. Congressman E
D R
OYCE and E LIOT ENGEL and their staff for helping to move this bill on a bipartisan basis through the House. Also, I want to recognize the contribution David Saperstein, the Ambas-sador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom, who’s worked to strengthen the bill and assure its passage. Finally, I want to rec-ognize and thank the many staff members, in the House and Senate, who have worked hard for this bill’s passage over the past two years including, Scott Flipse, Elyse Anderson, Mary Noonan, Hannah Murphy, Caleb McCarry, Jaime Fly, Doug Anderson, Piero Tozzi, Sajit Gandhi, and Janice Kaguyutan. International religious freedom is not a par-tisan or party issue. The freedom to practice a religion without persecution is a precious right for everyone, of whatever race, sex, sta-tus, or location on earth. This human right is enshrined in our own founding documents, in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and is a bedrock principle of open and demo-cratic societies for centuries. We Americans understand the importance of religious liberty. It is the First Freedom on which our nation was founded. We should be united in defending it, standing up for those who suffer grievously for its absence, and for the noble and essential cause of protecting our own country. I urge passage of this bill without objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GENERAL LEAVE Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to submit statements or extraneous mate-rials for the R
ECORD on the Senate amendment to H.R. 1150. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. UNITED STATES-CARIBBEAN STRA-TEGIC ENGAGEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 4939) to increase engagement with the governments of the Caribbean region, the Caribbean diaspora commu-nity in the United States, and the pri-vate sector and civil society in both the United States and the Caribbean, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States– Caribbean Strategic Engagement Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
Congress declares that it is the policy of the United States to increase engagement with the governments of the Caribbean region and with civil society, including the private sector, in both the United States and the Caribbean, in a concerted effort to— (1) enhance diplomatic relations between the United States and the Caribbean region; (2) increase economic cooperation between the United States and the Caribbean region; (3) support regional economic, political, and security integration efforts in the Caribbean re-gion; (4) encourage enduring economic development and increased regional economic diversification and global competitiveness; (5) reduce levels of crime and violence, curb the trafficking of illicit drugs, strengthen the rule of law, and improve citizen security; (6) improve energy security by increasing ac-cess to diverse, reliable, and affordable power; (7) advance cooperation on democracy and human rights at multilateral fora; (8) continue support for public health ad-vances and cooperation on health concerns and threats to the Caribbean region; and (9) expand Internet access throughout the re-gion, especially to countries lacking the appro-priate infrastructure. 
SEC. 3. STRATEGY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment (USAID), shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a multi-year strategy for United States engagement to support the ef-forts of interested nations in the Caribbean re-gion that— (1) identifies Department of State and USAID priorities, in coordination with other executive branch agencies, for United States policy to-wards the Caribbean region; (2) outlines an approach to partner with gov-ernments of the Caribbean region to improve cit-izen security, reduce the trafficking of illicit drugs, strengthen the rule of law, and improve the effectiveness and longevity of the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative; (3) establishes a comprehensive, integrated, multi-year strategy to encourage efforts of the Caribbean region to implement regional and na-tional strategies that improve energy security, by increasing access to all available sources of energy, including by taking advantage of the indigenous energy sources of the Caribbean and the ongoing energy revolution in the United States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Dec 14, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.006 H13DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7585 December 13, 2016 
(4) outlines an approach to improve diplo-matic engagement with the governments of the Caribbean region, including with respect to human rights and democracy; (5) Describes how the United States can de-velop an approach to supporting Caribbean countries in efforts they are willing to under-take with their own resources to diversify their economies; (6) describes ways to ensure the active partici-pation of citizens of the Caribbean in existing program and initiatives administered by the De-partment of State’s Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs; and (7) reflects the input of other executive branch agencies, as appropriate. 
SEC. 4. BRIEFINGS. 
The Secretary of State shall offer to the ap-propriate congressional committees annual brief-ings that review Department of State efforts to implement the strategy for United States en-gagement with the Caribbean region in accord-ance with section 3. 
SEC. 5. PROGRESS REPORT. 
Not later than 2 years after the submission of the strategy required under section 3, the Presi-dent shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on progress made to-ward implementing the strategy. 
SEC. 6. REPORTING COST OFFSET. 
Section 601(c)(4) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4001(c)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘the following:’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(B) A workforce plan’’ and inserting ‘‘a work-force plan’’. 
SEC. 7. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. (2) C
ARIBBEAN REGION .—The term ‘‘Caribbean region’’ means the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative beneficiary countries. (3) S
ECURITY ASSISTANCE .—The term ‘‘security assistance’’ has the meaning given such term in section 502B(d)(2) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2304(d)(2)). 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (during the reading). Madam Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND GOV-ERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY NUCLEAR ENERGY ACT Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 8) to provide for the approval of the Agreement for Cooperation Between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Kingdom of Norway Concerning Peace-ful Uses of Nuclear Energy, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 8 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. APPROVAL OF AGREEMENT FOR CO-OPERATION BETWEEN THE GOVERN-MENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE GOVERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY CON-CERNING PEACEFUL USES OF NU-CLEAR ENERGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the pro-visions for congressional consideration of a proposed agreement for cooperation in sub-section d. of section 123 of the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2153), the Agree-ment for Cooperation Between the Govern-ment of the United States of America and the Government of the Kingdom of Norway Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy, done at Washington June 11, 2016, may be brought into effect on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, as if all the re-quirements in such section for consideration of such agreement had been satisfied, subject to subsection (b). (b) A
PPLICABILITY OF ATOMIC ENERGY ACT 
OF1954 AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF LAW.— Upon entering into effect, the agreement re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be subject to the provisions of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.) and any other ap-plicable United States law as if such agree-ment had come into effect in accordance with the requirements of section 123 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2153). 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ESSENTIAL TRANSPORTATION WORKER IDENTIFICATION CRE-DENTIAL ASSESSMENT ACT Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 710) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to prepare a com-prehensive security assessment of the transportation security card program, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. TRANSPORTATION WORKER IDENTI-FICATION CREDENTIAL SECURITY CARD PROGRAM IMPROVEMENTS AND ASSESSMENT. 
(a) C REDENTIAL IMPROVEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Adminis-tration shall commence actions, consistent with section 70105 of title 46, United States Code, to improve the Transportation Security Adminis-tration’s process for vetting individuals with ac-cess to secure areas of vessels and maritime fa-cilities. (2) R
EQUIRED ACTIONS .—The actions described under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) conducting a comprehensive risk analysis of security threat assessment procedures, includ-ing— (i) identifying those procedures that need ad-ditional internal controls; and (ii) identifying best practices for quality as-surance at every stage of the security threat as-sessment; (B) implementing the additional internal con-trols and best practices identified under sub-paragraph (A); (C) improving fraud detection techniques, such as— (i) by establishing benchmarks and a process for electronic document validation; (ii) by requiring annual training for Trusted Agents; and (iii) by reviewing any security threat assess-ment-related information provided by Trusted Agents and incorporating any new threat infor-mation into updated guidance under subpara-graph (D); (D) updating the guidance provided to Trust-ed Agents regarding the vetting process and re-lated regulations; (E) finalizing a manual for Trusted Agents and adjudicators on the vetting process; and (F) establishing quality controls to ensure consistent procedures to review adjudication de-cisions and terrorism vetting decisions. (3) REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit a report to Congress that eval-uates the implementation of the actions de-scribed in paragraph (1). (b) C
OMPREHENSIVE SECURITY ASSESSMENT OF  
THE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY CARD PRO-
GRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall commission an as-sessment of the effectiveness of the transpor-tation security card program (referred to in this section as ‘‘Program’’) required under section 70105 of title 46, United States Code, at enhanc-ing security and reducing security risks for fa-cilities and vessels regulated under chapter 701 of that title. (2) L
OCATION .—The assessment commissioned under paragraph (1) shall be conducted by a re-search organization with significant experience in port or maritime security, such as— (A) a national laboratory; (B) a university-based center within the Science and Technology Directorate’s centers of excellence network; or (C) a qualified federally-funded research and development center. (3) C
ONTENTS .—The assessment commissioned under paragraph (1) shall— (A) review the credentialing process by deter-mining— (i) the appropriateness of vetting standards; (ii) whether the fee structure adequately re-flects the current costs of vetting; (iii) whether there is unnecessary redundancy or duplication with other Federal- or State- issued transportation security credentials; and (iv) the appropriateness of having varied Fed-eral and State threat assessments and access controls; (B) review the process for renewing applica-tions for Transportation Worker Identification Credentials, including the number of days it takes to review application, appeal, and waiver requests for additional information; and (C) review the security value of the Program by— (i) evaluating the extent to which the Pro-gram, as implemented, addresses known or likely security risks in the maritime and port environ-ments; (ii) evaluating the potential for a non-biomet-ric credential alternative; (iii) identifying the technology, business proc-ess, and operational impacts of the use of the transportation security card and transportation security card readers in the maritime and port environments; (iv) assessing the costs and benefits of the Program, as implemented; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Dec 13, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.007 H13DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7586 December 13, 2016 
(v) evaluating the extent to which the Sec-retary of Homeland Security has addressed the deficiencies in the Program identified by the Government Accountability Office and the In-spector General of the Department of Homeland Security before the date of enactment of this Act. (4) D
EADLINES .—The assessment commissioned under paragraph (1) shall be completed not later than 1 year after the date on which the assess-ment is commissioned. (5) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the date that the assessment is completed, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Home-land Security and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives the results of the assessment com-missioned under this subsection. (c) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN; PROGRAM RE-
FORMS .—If the assessment commissioned under subsection (b) identifies a deficiency in the ef-fectiveness of the Program, the Secretary of Homeland Security, not later than 60 days after the date on which the assessment is completed, shall submit a corrective action plan to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that— (1) responds to findings of the assessment; (2) includes an implementation plan with benchmarks; (3) may include programmatic reforms, revi-sions to regulations, or proposals for legislation; and (4) shall be considered in any rulemaking by the Department of Homeland Security relating to the Program. (d) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—If a correc-tive action plan is submitted under subsection (c), the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security shall— (1) not later than 120 days after the date of such submission, review the extent to which such plan implements the requirements under subsection (c); and (2) not later than 18 months after the date of such submission, and annually thereafter for 3 years, submit a report to the congressional com-mittees set forth in subsection (c) that describes the progress of the implementation of such plan. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (during the reading). Madam Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING CENTERS REFORM AND IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 3842) to improve homeland secu-rity, including domestic preparedness and response to terrorism, by reform-ing Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers to provide training to first re-sponders, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendments thereto, and concur in the Senate amendments. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ments. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendments: Ω1æOn page 3, line 19, insert ‘‘delegated’’ after ‘‘carry out’’. Ω2æOn page 4, strike lines 5 through 12 and insert the following: ‘‘(B) maximizes opportunities for small busi-ness participation; Ω3æOn page 11, beginning on line 25, strike ‘‘and to compensate such employees for time spent traveling from their homes to work sites’’. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (during the reading). Madam Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendments. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
OVERTIME PAY FOR SECRET SERVICE AGENTS ACT OF 2016 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 6302) to provide an increase in premium pay for United States Secret Service agents performing protective services during 2016, and for other pur-poses, with the Senate amendments thereto, and concur in the Senate amendments. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ments. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendments: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. PREMIUM PAY EXCEPTION IN 2016 FOR PROTECTIVE SERVICES. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered employee’’ means any officer, em-ployee, or agent employed by the United States Secret Service who performs protective services for an individual or event protected by the United States Secret Service during 2016. (b) E
XCEPTION TO THE LIMITATION ON PRE-
MIUM PAY FOR PROTECTIVE SERVICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during 2016, section 5547(a) of title 5, United States Code, shall not apply to any covered employee to the extent that its ap-plication would prevent a covered employee from receiving premium pay, as provided under the amendment made by paragraph (2). (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 118 of the Treasury and General Government Appropriations Act, 2001 (as en-acted into law by section 1(3) of Public Law 106– 554; 114 Stat. 2763A–134) is amended, in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or, if the employee qualifies for an exception to such limitation under section 2(b)(1) of the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016, to the extent that such aggregate amount would exceed the rate of basic pay payable for a position at level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313 of title 5, United States Code’’ after ‘‘of that limitation’’. (c) TREATMENT OF ADDITIONAL PAY.—If sub- section (b) results in the payment of additional premium pay to a covered employee of a type that is normally creditable as basic pay for re-tirement or any other purpose, that additional pay shall not— (1) be considered to be basic pay of the cov-ered employee for any purpose; or (2) be used in computing a lump-sum payment to the covered employee for accumulated and accrued annual leave under section 5551 or sec-tion 5552 of title 5, United States Code. (d) A
GGREGATE LIMIT.—With respect to the application of section 5307 of title 5, United States Code, the payment of any additional pre-mium pay to a covered employee as a result of subsection (b) shall not be counted as part of the aggregate compensation of the covered em-ployee. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take ef-fect as if enacted on December 31, 2015. Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to pro-vide an increase in premium pay for protective services during 2016, and for other purposes.’’. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (during the reading). Madam Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendments. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK : 
H.R. 875. An act to provide for alternative financing arrangements for the provision of certain services and the construction and maintenance of infrastructure at land border ports of entry, and for other purposes. H.R. 4465. An act to decrease the deficit by consolidating and selling Federal buildings and other civilian real property, and for other purposes. H.R. 4680. An act to prepare the National Park Service for its Centennial in 2016 and for a second century of promoting and pro-tecting the natural, historic, and cultural re-sources of our National Parks for the enjoy-ment of present and future generations, and for other purposes. H.R. 5065. An act to direct the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration to notify air carriers and secu-rity screening personnel of the Transpor-tation Security Administration of such Ad-ministration’s guidelines regarding permit-ting baby formula, breast milk, purified de-ionized water, and juice on airplanes, and for other purposes. H.R. 5150. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3031 Veterans Road West in Staten Island, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Dec 14, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.009 H13DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7587 December 13, 2016 
New York, as the ‘‘Leonard Montalto Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5309. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy Drive in Oxford, Mississippi, as the ‘‘Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5356. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14231 TX–150 in Coldspring, Texas, as the ‘‘E. Marie Youngblood Post Office’’. H.R. 5591. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 810 N US Highway 83 in Zapata, Texas, as the ‘‘Zapata Veterans Post Office’’. H.R. 5798. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5877. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and the United States- Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 to promote cooperative homeland security re-search and antiterrorism programs relating to cybersecurity, and for other purposes. H.R. 5889. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Chalan Kanoa VLG in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands, as the ‘‘Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6416. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. H.R. 6450. An act to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the inde-pendence of the Inspectors General, and for other purposes. H.R. 6451. An act to improve the Govern-ment-wide management of Federal property. H.R. 6452. An act to implement the Conven-tion on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean, and for other purposes. 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, further reported and found truly en-rolled bills of the House of the fol-lowing titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mr. U
PTON : 
H.R. 960. An act to designate the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Newark, Ohio, as the Daniel L. Kinnard VA Clinic. H.R. 3218. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1221 State Street, Suite 12, Santa Barbara, California, as the ‘‘Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4618. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 121 Spring Street SE in Gainesville, Georgia, as the ‘‘Sidney Oslin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Court-house’’. H.R. 4887. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 23323 Shelby Road in Shelby, Indiana, as the ‘‘Richard Allen Cable Post Office’’. H.R. 5676. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6300 N. Northwest Highway in Chicago, Il-linois, as the ‘‘Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 5687. An act to eliminate or modify certain mandates of the Government Ac-countability Office. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker pro tempore, Mr. U
PTON , announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following ti-tles: S. 546. An act to establish the Railroad Emergency Services Preparedness, Oper-ational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RE-SPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide recommenda-tions on emergency responder training and resources relating to hazardous materials in-cidents involving railroads, and for other purposes. S. 612. An act to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes. S. 1635. An act to authorize the Depart-ment of State for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes. S. 2854. An act to reauthorize the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007. S. 2943. An act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. S. 2971. An act to authorize the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System. f 
ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 2(b) of House Resolution 944, the House stands adjourned until 2 p.m. on Friday, December 16, 2016. Thereupon (at 2 o’clock and 41 min-utes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Friday, Decem-ber 16, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
7857. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, USD for Personnel and Readiness, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — National Security Education Program (NSEP) and NSEP Serv-ice Agreement [Docket ID: DOD-2013-OS-0021] (RIN: 0790-AJ01) December 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7858. A letter from the Honors Attorney, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s final rules — Appraisals for Higher-Priced Mortgage Loans Exemption Threshold [Docket No.: CFPB-2016-0035] (RIN: 3170- AA68) received December 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 7859. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Regulated Naviga-tion Area; Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, Kittery, ME and Portsmouth, NH [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0935] (RIN: 1625-AA11) re-ceived December 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7860. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Great Lakes Pilotage Rates — 2016 Annual Review and Changes to Method-ology [USCG-2015-0497] (RIN: 1625-AC22) re-ceived December 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7861. A letter from the Attorney, CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River, St. Louis, MO [Docket No.: USCG-2016-1020] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received December 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7862. A letter from the Attorney, CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone, Dela-ware River; Marcus Hook, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-1034] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received December 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7863. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Requirements for Vessels with Registry Endorsements or Foreign-Flagged Vessels that Perform Certain Aquaculture Support Operations [Docket No.: USCG-2015- 0086] (RIN: 1625-AC23) received December 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7864. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Shipping; Technical, Organiza-tional, and Conforming Amendments [Dock-et No.: USCG-2016-0315] received December 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7865. A letter from the Attorney, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Discharge Removal Equipment for Vessels Carrying Oil [Docket No.: USCG-2011- 0430, Formerly CGD-90-68] (RIN: 1625-AA02, Formerly RIN: 2115-AD66) received December 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7866. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s correcting amendments — Cargo Securing Manuals [Docket No.: USCG-2000-7080] (RIN: 1625-AA25 [formerly RIN: 2115-AF97]) re-ceived December 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7867. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Harmonization of Standards for Fire Protection, Detection, and Extin-guishing Equipment [Docket No.: USCG-2012- 0196] (RIN: 1625-AB59) received December 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7868. A letter from the Chief, Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Electronic Notice of Liq-uidation [USCBP-2016-0065] [CBP Dec. No.: 16-25] (RIN: 1515-AE16) received December 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Dec 13, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE7.012 H13DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7588 December 13, 2016 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7869. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only notice — Publication of the Tier 2 Tax Rates for 2017 received December 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7870. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — User Fees for Installment Agree-ments [TD 9798] (RIN: 1545-BN37) received December 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7871. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Salvage Discount Factors and Pay-ment Patterns for 2014 (Rev. Proc. 2016-59) re-ceived December 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5510. A bill to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to establish new requirements relating to investigations, consent orders, and reporting requirements, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–875, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5092. A bill to make exclu-sive the authority of the Federal Govern-ment to regulate the labeling of products made in the United States and introduced in interstate or foreign commerce, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–876). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5510 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska introduced A bill (H.R. 6529) to authorize the Secretary of Interior to complete a land ex-change with the Chugach Regional Alaska Native Corporation, and for other purposes; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 6529. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS TO PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 1608: Mr. S HERMAN . H.R. 2858: Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 3084: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 3095: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 3100: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 3229: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 4396: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 4520: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 5386: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 6025: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 6117: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 6382: Ms. B
ONAMICI and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 6498: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. K
IND, and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.J. Res. 48: Ms. G
ABBARD . H. Res. 591: Mr. B
ERAand Mr. I SRAEL . H. Res. 752: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. R
UIZ, and Mr. H IMES. H. Res. 899: Mr. H
ILL. H. Res. 926: Mr. C
LYBURN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:39 Dec 13, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13DE7.000 H13DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7169 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 2016 No. 180 
Senate 
The Senate met at 8:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable B
ILL C
ASSIDY , a Senator from the State of Louisiana. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The assistant bill clerk read the fol-lowing letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, December 13, 2016. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable B
ILLCASSIDY , a Sen- ator from the State of Louisiana, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. Mr. CASSIDY thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 2016, AT 10 A.M. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m., Friday, December 16, 2016. Thereupon, the Senate, at 8:30 and 28 seconds a.m., adjourned until Friday, December 16, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Dec 13, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE6.000 S13DEPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1713 December 13, 2016 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE AMERICAN ASSO-CIATION OF UNIVERSITY WOMEN OF THOUSAND OAKS 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the Thousand Oaks Chapter of the American Association of Uni-versity Women (AAUW). Organized in 1966, AAUW Thousand Oaks was specifically de-signed to encourage and support educational opportunities for women and girls through ad-vocacy, education, philanthropy, and research. A leading voice for promoting equity and education for women and girls in our commu-nity, AAUW Thousand Oaks and its members have examined and taken positions on the fundamental educational, social, economic, and political issues that directly pertain to women and girls. As part of a national move-ment, AAUW Thousand Oaks is part of a na-tionwide network of more than 170,000 mem-bers and donors, 1,000 branches, and 800 college and university institutional partners and has awarded millions of dollars in fellow-ships and grants to support women in their professional and academic careers. Addition-ally, AAUW Thousand Oaks boasts being one of the fastest growing divisions of the national organization. Locally, in an effort to promote science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) education, AAUW Thousand Oaks bi- annually hosts the Brighter Horizons Math, Science and Technology Conference for stu-dents in fifth through ninth grades. Led by women in technology-related vocations, the conference is infused with technology informa-tion workshops that relate to currently impor-tant technological career options in an effort to promote young women going into the field of science. Every summer, AAUW Thousand Oaks’ Tech Trek Committee works towards sending ten female students that have matriculated from the seventh grade in the Thousand Oaks area to a one-week STEM education camp at the University of California, Santa Barbara. AAUW Thousand Oaks also demonstrates its dedication to youth in our community through their Youth Cultural Summer Camp, Children’s Theater, and local scholarships programs that help high school and community college stu-dents afford educational programs. In recognition of its progressive efforts to-wards women in our community, AAUW Thou-sand Oaks has also been recognized for its ‘‘Outstanding Mission Based Programs’’ at the state level of the organization by AAUW of California. On the occasion of its 50th anniversary, I would like to congratulate the American Asso-ciation of University Women of Thousand Oaks for its outstanding leadership and stead-fast commitment to advancing equity for women and girls in the Conejo Valley. IN RECOGNITION OF SKYLER POW-ELL’S PROMOTION TO CHIEF PETTY OFFICER HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-knowledge Skyler Powell on becoming the first cadet in the history of Purcellville, Virginia’s VIKING Sea Cadet Division to achieve the rank of Chief Petty Officer. This is a tremen-dous honor considering that historically only 1 percent of the U.S. Naval Sea Cadet Corps’ 10,000 cadets receive this appointment, and of that 1 percent only 20 percent have been female. I am proud to represent this young woman, who is a shining example of the Com-monwealth of Virginia’s hardworking and serv-ice-minded citizens. The United States Naval Sea Cadet Corps, which was founded over 50 years ago, is a federally chartered non-profit civilian organiza-tion that serves to teach individuals about naval operations, community service, citizen-ship, and helps foster discipline and teamwork in our nation’s youth. In addition to the courses, training and exams, Powell developed and demonstrated dedication, leadership, self-reliance, commit-ment and courage as she rose through the cadet ranks. During summer break, she at-tended a two-week recruit training, a short-ened version of the Navy’s boot camp. She has also attended multiple advanced trainings on topics including marksmanship, cyber secu-rity and advanced music training in locations from San Francisco and Las Vegas, to Fort Custer and Fort Lee. She also served as a staff cadet at recruit training in Aberdeen, Maryland and Navy League orientation training in Norfolk, Virginia. Chief Powell has earned the Veterans of Foreign Wars’ Naval Sea Cadet Medal and the Sons of the American Revolution Good Citizenship Award in addition to maintaining a 4.1 GPA while taking honors and AP classes. During her Sea Cadet career she has logged over 250 volunteer community service hours. She is likewise an active member of the Loudoun Valley High School Marching Band and currently leads the VIKING Division CyberPatriot team—a nationwide cyber secu-rity competition sponsored by the U.S. Air Force. Mr. Speaker, I would ask my colleagues to congratulate Skyler Powell for her promotion to Chief Petty Officer in Purcellville’s VIKING Sea Cadet Division, and to join me in wishing her a happiness and fortune in her future en-deavors. IN REMEMBRANCE OF JOHN H. GLENN, JR. U.S. SENATOR, DECO-RATED WAR VETERAN, PATH- BREAKING ASTRONAUT, AND TRUE AMERICAN HERO HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to John Glenn, who died December 8, 2016 at the age of 95, in Columbus, Ohio. John Glenn represented the best of Amer-ica. Perhaps more than any other American of his generation, he personified the American spirit of daring, achievement, bravery, innova-tion, and humility. As a four-term United States Senator from Ohio, John Glenn was one of the most pas-sionate advocates for justice and opportunity for all persons. Most important of all, for more than 75 years, John Glenn served his country honor-ably in his home State of Ohio, in the United States Senate, in uniform during World War II and the Korean Conflict, and in outer space as one of the original class of astronauts that made space exploration synonymous with American leadership. John Glenn did indeed possess the ‘right stuff,’ as the writer Tom Wolfe documented in his 1979 best-selling book about the first Project Mercury astronauts selected for the NASA space program. John Glenn was a hero and inspiration to millions of boys and girls who held their breath as he rocketed into outer space, orbited the earth, and safely descended from the heavens to return home to his beloved wife Annie and an adoring public. Godspeed, John Glenn. 
f 
HONORING CALIFORNIA STATE SENATOR FRAN PAVLEY 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition of my friend and former colleague California State Senator Fran Pavley, a dedicated and driven member of the California State Legislature, who is being hon-ored for her outstanding leadership, steadfast advocacy, and invaluable dedication to public service. For over three decades, Senator Pavley has been a widely accomplished legislator. Throughout her career, she has authored groundbreaking and historic legislation to pro-tect and realize a better future for the State of California. Senator Pavley has been one of the state’s greatest environmental champions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 14, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13DE8.001 E13DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1714 December 13, 2016 
Senator Pavley has played an instrumental role in landmark policies and initiatives to pro-tect California’s environment and its natural re-sources. She is the author of Assembly Bill 1493, which became the framework for vehicle emissions standards on the national level. She also wrote Assembly Bill 32, the nation’s first cap on greenhouse gas pollution. These bills have served as a catalyst for innovation and job growth in clean and renewable energy as well as alternative fuels. Senator Pavley’s work had a monumental impact on national emissions policies when President Obama im-plemented national clean car standards, mod-eled on Assembly Bill 1493, also known as the ‘‘Pavley Law.’’ Senator Pavley continued her dedicated campaign of environmental protection when she paved the way to end unregulated hydrau-lic fracturing and other oil-extraction practices in California. In 2013, she coauthored suc-cessful legislation to invest $2 billion in effec-tive air-quality and clean vehicle and fuel tech-nology programs. In a time of historic drought for California, Senator Pavley and her expansive knowledge and background has been an important figure in addressing this complex issue and its vast impact on the state. In 2014, Senator Pavley authored innovative and pioneering legislation for the state’s management of groundwater. This bill helped to negotiate a bipartisan water bond that was approved by voters, which au-thorized $7.12 billion in general obligation bonds for state water supply infrastructure projects. Additionally, Senator Pavley has been an unwavering advocate for her constituents. Her career has been marked with legislative vic-tories on an array of issues including stronger consumer protections, tougher child safety laws, and tighter reforms for campaign con-tributions. Senator Pavley has spent a lifetime working for her constituents Los Angeles and Ventura counties. For these reasons, it is with heartfelt appreciation that I am pleased to join the Ven-tura County Women’s Political Council in rec-ognizing Senator Fran Pavley. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF HAWAI‘I STATE REPRESENTATIVE CLIFT TSUJI 
HON. TULSI GABBARD 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, on November 15, 2016, the Aloha State lost the Honorable Clift Tsuji, a soldier, a Hawaii State Rep-resentative, and a loving father. Born and raised in the plantation town of Pa ¯pa‘ikou, Representative Clift Tsuji served the people of Hawaii Island throughout his 75 years of life. After graduating from Hilo High School in 1959, Representative Tsuji served as a U.S. Army Reservist with the 442nd Infantry, Com-pany B, out of Hilo from 1959–1965. He com-pleted post-secondary degrees at the Univer-sity of Hawaii at Ma¯noa and the University of Washington, Pacific Coast Banking School. In 1969, he began work at Central Pacific Bank, beginning a career with Central Pacific that spanned 34 years. After retiring from Central Pacific Bank in 2003, he served as the Vice President of the Hilo Candy Company until 2004, when he was elected to serve the people of Keaukaha, Pana‘ewa, Waia¯kea, and parts of Hilo in the Hawai‘i House of Representatives. In the State House, Representative Tsuji served as the Chair of the House Agriculture Committee, where he helped champion legislation to fight invasive species and strengthen Hawai‘i’s bio-security. His dedicated service on the House Agriculture Committee was widely recognized, and among many other awards, he was named the Hawai‘i Farm Bureau’s Legislator of the Year in 2015. Representative Tsuji was known to his con-stituents as a passionate leader, a dedicated public servant, and an advocate for the Hilo community. In addition to his work in business and government, he was an active member of many local and statewide organizations includ-ing the Hilo Medical Center Foundation, Hawai‘i Island Japanese Community Associa-tion, Tsunami Museum, Hiroshima Kenjin Kai, Hawai‘i Island Chamber of Commerce, and the Kumamoto Kenjin Kai. One of the last conversations Representa-tive Tsuji had with his son Ryan was about making sure he could continue to pass impor-tant legislation for his constituents in the next legislative session. Whether it was a construc-tion project in Hilo, or a biosecurity bill benefit-ting the entire State of Hawai‘i, Representative Tsuji was committed to delivering results for his constituents and the people of the Aloha State. Just a few days before his death, I saw Representative Tsuji at the Hilo Veterans Pa-rade and, as usual, he was full of aloha, as he welcomed me to the community he loved so much. My heart is with his children, Ryan and Ashley, and all of Hawai‘i Island. Clift, you are missed. Mahalo nui loa (thank you) for dedi-cating your life to serving our community in the spirit of aloha. Ke Akua me ke Aloha (God bless you). f 
REGARDING NOMINATION OF SEN-ATOR JEFF SESSIONS OF ALA-BAMA TO BE ATTORNEY GEN-ERAL OF THE UNITED STATES 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the House Committee on the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committee, Ranking Member of the Judiciary Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity, and Investigations, and the Congres-sional Voting Rights Caucus, I rise today to express my initial views regarding the Presi-dent-Elect’s nomination of U.S. Senator J
EF-
FERSON BEAUREGARD ‘‘JEFF’’ S ESSIONS III of Alabama to be the next Attorney General of the United States. On Election Night the President-Elect pledged to the nation that he would be a president to all Americans. That pledge will ring hollow to tens of mil-lions of Americans in light of his announced intention to nominate one of the U.S. Senate’s most far-right members, Senator J
EFF SES-
SIONS (R–AL) to be the next Attorney General of the United States. Perhaps nothing would do more to reassure the American people that the President-Elect is committed to unifying the nation than the nomination and appointment of a person to be Attorney General who has a record of cham-pioning and protecting, rather than opposing and undermining, the precious right to vote, the constitutionally guaranteed right of privacy, criminal justice reform, and support for reform of the nation’s immigration system so that it is fair and humane. The nomination of Alabama Senator SES-
SIONS as Attorney General does not inspire the necessary confidence. As a U.S. Senator from Alabama, the state from which the infamous Supreme Court deci-sion in Shelby County v. Holder originated, Senator S
ESSIONS has failed to play a con-structive role in repairing the damage to voting rights caused by that decision. He was one of the leading opponents of the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act. He is one of the Senate’s most hostile op-ponents of comprehensive immigration reform and was a principal architect of the draconian and incendiary immigration policy advocated by the President-Elect during the campaign. His record in support of efforts to bring needed reform to the nation’s criminal justice system is virtually non-existent. In 1986, ten years before Senator S
ESSIONS  was elected to the Senate, he was rejected for a U.S. District Court judgeship in view of doc-umented incidents that revealed his lack of commitment to civil and voting rights, and to equal justice. His Senate voting record and rhetoric has endeared him to white nationalist websites and organizations like Breitbart and Stormfront. Should the President-Elect proceed with the nomination of Senator S
ESSIONS to be Attor-ney General, I call upon the Senate Judiciary Committee to subject the nomination to the most comprehensive, searching, and withering examination. The United States has been blessed to have been served as Attorney General by such illustrious figures as Robert Jackson, Robert Kennedy, Herbert Brownell, Ramsey Clark, Nicholas Katzenbach, Eric Holder, and Edward H. Levi. The duty of the U.S. Attorney General is to lead the Department of Justice in protecting and expanding the civil rights of all Americans and the pursuit of equal justice for all, not to turn back the clock on hard won rights and lib-erties. No Senator should vote to confirm the nomi-nation of J
EFF SESSIONS as U.S. Attorney General if there is the slightest doubt that he possesses the character, qualities, integrity, and commitment to justice and equality need-ed to lead a department, the headquarters building of which is named for Robert F. Ken-nedy, one of the nation’s greatest and most in-defatigable champions of civil rights and equal justice for all. 
f 
HONORING HENRY L. ‘‘HANK’’ LACAYO 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition of my friend and ally 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 14, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13DE8.004 E13DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1715 December 13, 2016 
Henry L. ‘‘Hank’’ Lacayo, a lifelong leader and advocate, who is being honored for his self-less dedication and invaluable leadership to bettering our community and country. Born in 1931 in Los Angeles, Mr. Lacayo grew up in the depths of the Great Depression and the Second World War, fighting through a time of economic uncertainty and racial injus-tice. Determined to serve his country, Mr. Lacayo first attempted to join the military at the age of 16. Although he was originally turned away, he quickly joined upon grad-uating high school and served in the United States Army Air Corps. Following his military service, Mr. Lacayo began his career in 1953 at North American Aviation and became involved with United Auto Workers of America Local 887. Nine years later, he was elected President of the UAW Local, a position in which he rep-resented the interests of over 30,000 workers and their families. Through his steadfast lead-ership, Mr. Lacayo was appointed National Di-rector of the Political and Legislative Depart-ment of the UAW. While working in this capac-ity, Mr. Lacayo served as an advisor under Democratic Presidential Administrations from John F. Kennedy to Bill Clinton. In 1986, Mr. Lacayo retired from the UAW and subse-quently formed H. L. & Associates, a con-sulting firm that enabled him to continue to be involved in labor relations issues, as well as other government, seniors, and international issues. Today, Mr. Lacayo continues to give back to his community by serving as President of the Congress of California Seniors, where he con-tinues to dedicate his time to advocating for a better quality of life for others. Additionally, Mr. Lacayo is actively preparing the next generation of leaders, public serv-ants, and community activists. Founded in 2010 at California State University Channel Is-lands, the Henry L. ‘‘Hank’’ Lacayo Institute for Workforce & Community Studies facilitates student internships, scholarly research, and the dissemination of policy information and recommendations. In the program, students learn the essential skill sets to change lives and positively impact communities. Mr. Lacayo has spent his lifetime working for Ventura County and our nation. His hard work and dedication—which has ranged from serving in the Army Air Corps, to actively fight-ing for working families and California’s sen-iors, and now passing down his knowledge and experience to students who will continue his influential work—has helped to create a better America. For these reasons, it is with genuine appre-ciation that I am pleased to join United Way of Ventura County in recognizing Henry ‘‘Hank’’ Lacayo for his lifetime achievements. 
f 
OPENING PRAYER BY REV. DAN CUMMINS—HONORING BISHOP GEORGE DAVID CUMMINS 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, today’s open-ing prayer is dedicated to Bishop George David Cummins, D.D., Rector of Trinity Epis-copal Church, of Washington, DC, from 1855 through 1858. Bishop Cummins on this date, Sunday, December 13, 1857, preached the first sermon in the inaugural event of the House Chamber. The House of Representa-tives held its first sessions three days later on Wednesday, December 16, 1857. The present House Chamber was used as a place of Christian worship on Sundays from 1857 through 1869, as were the original Sen-ate, Supreme Court and House Chambers from 1800 through 1857. Rev. Dan Cummins, D.D., an associate pas-tor of Skyline Church, San Diego, is a de-scendant of Bishop George David Cummins, and gave recognition to the significance of this historic day in his opening prayer. Pastor Cummins and his wife JoAnn, along with Dr. James Garlow, Senior Pastor of Skyline Church, and Steve Amerson, ‘‘America’s Tenor,’’ are responsible for the restoration of those traditional Sabbath worship services in the U.S. Capitol with the weekly Jefferson Gathering worship services for members of Congress and staff on July 30, 2014. f 
DEMANDING THE PRESIDENT- ELECT TO DISCLOSE, DETAIL, AND TOTALLY DIVEST FINAN-CIAL HOLDINGS TO AVOID CON-FLICTS OF INTEREST AND TO COMPLY WITH EMOLUMENTS CLAUSE OF U.S. CONSTITUTION 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to demand on behalf of the American people that the President-Elect disclose, de-tail, and divest, or place in a genuine blind trust, all, of his financial holdings prior to tak-ing the oath of office so as to avoid major con-flicts of interest and to comply with the Emolu-ments Clause of U.S. Constitution. As chief steward of America’s extensive do-mestic, global, and national security interests, the fidelity of the President of the United States to the national interest must never be subject to question or doubt. The President-Elect’s extensive financial in-terests in more than 100 companies operating in more than 18 countries and on five con-tinents potentially represent major conflicts of interest which can only be remedied by com-plete divestment or placing all of his assets in a genuine blind trust. As reflected in recent media reports, a pre-liminary analysis of the President-Elect’s ex-tensive financial arrangements reveals dozens of potential conflicts of interest. For example, the President-Elect has re-ceived more than $10 million from his interest in the Trump Towers Istanbul in Turkey, a country with which the United States has ex-tensive, complicated, and politically sensitive military and diplomatic relations. Similarly, since August 2015, the President- Elect’s business organizations has registered eight separate companies connected to hotel deals in Saudi Arabia, which is located in one of the world’s most critical geopolitical regions. Based on the limited and inadequate finan-cial disclosures he has made to date, it ap-pears that the President-Elect’s business orga-nization is financially dependent upon, and ob-ligated to, Deutsche Bank, its biggest lender, which happens to be negotiating a multibillion- dollar settlement over housing-crisis-era abuses with the Justice Department, a deal that will be finalized with Justice Department officials appointed by the President-Elect. Companies owned or controlled by the President-Elect’s organization also owe hun-dreds of millions of dollars to the state-owned Bank of China and to Wall Street interests. The American people are entitled to assume without hesitation or doubt that when the President of the United States meets with for-eign leaders and dignitaries that he is moti-vated only by what is in the national interest and not the private, pecuniary interests of him-self, his family members, or his business en-terprises. That assurance cannot be provided when the President of the United States has enor-mous financial stakes in the enterprises oper-ating in those same foreign countries. It is for this reason—to ensure that the President’s loyalty will always be to the nation he leads—that the Framers included the Emoluments Clause in Article I, Section 9 of the Constitution, which provides that ‘‘no Per-son holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of the Con-gress, accept of any present, Emolument, Of-fice, or Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or foreign State.’’ According to leading experts in ethics, a prohibited emolument would include, for exam-ple, anything from a foreign government that benefits the President-Elect, such as providing favorable tax, zoning, licensing treatment for his real estate holdings or enhanced security to protect his business operations. The financial interests of the President-Elect are extensive, complex, and inter-connected with the interests of foreign leaders and coun-tries. They are all-encompassing and time-con-suming. But they pale in comparison to the global, diplomatic, economic, and national security in-terests of the United States, which supersede the interests of any one person or corporation. As the Scriptures teach, you cannot serve two masters. The President-Elect must make a choice and act accordingly before he takes the oath of office. Either divest all of his financial inter-ests or place them in a genuine blind trust or refrain from taking the oath of office and as-suming the responsibility to ‘‘take care that the Laws be faithfully executed’’ and ‘‘to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF GREGORY D. SODERSTROM 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the retirement of an outstanding member of our Armed Forces. Lieutenant Colonel Gregory D. ‘‘Vader’’ Soderstrom, of the United States Air Force, is the Special As-sistant to the Commander, 47th Operations Group, Laughlin Air Force Base, Texas. Lt. Col. Soderstrom served as Commander of the 47th Student Squadron, where he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 14, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13DE8.007 E13DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1716 December 13, 2016 
oversaw the day-to-day activities of over 600 student pilots, 22 active duty permanent party members, and 80 civilians assigned to Spe-cialized Undergraduate Pilot Training. Addi-tionally, Lt. Col. Soderstrom flies as an instruc-tor pilot with the 85th and 434th Flying Train-ing Squadrons, instructing future Air Force pi-lots in the T–6A. The 47th Operations Group produces over 300 new pilots each year for the Combat, Mobility and Special Operations Air Forces. Lt. Col. Soderstrom was raised in Wichita, Kansas. He received his commission in 1996 from the United States Air Force Academy. He is a Command Pilot with over 3,400 hours in the F–15C/D, T–37B, and T–6A. He has held a variety of positions at the squadron, group, wing, and Major Command level. Prior to his current assignment he served as the Com-mander, Headquarters Squadron, United States Air Forces in Europe, Ramstein Air Base, Germany. Lt. Col. Soderstrom is married to the former Tephanie Weber of Marysville, Kansas. They have three children, Trinity, Cole, and Logan. I thank Lt. Col. Soderstrom, and his family, for his twenty years of service to a grateful nation, and wish him the best as he begins his new career as a pilot in Italy. 
f 
HONORING ROTARY INTERNATIONAL DISTRICT 5240 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to commemorate Rotary Inter-national District 5240, which has dutifully car-ried out the mission of Rotary International to ‘‘Serve Above Self.’’ By providing services to countless others and advancing world under-standing, goodwill, and peace through its fel-lowship of business, professional, and commu-nity leaders, Rotary International District 5240 strives to improve lives both locally and inter-nationally. First established in 1918 with the founding club in Santa Barbara, District 5240 has grown along California’s central coast, throughout the counties of San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara, and Ventura. District 5240 also bears the dis-tinction as one of the oldest Rotary clubs na-tionally, founded only thirteen years after the original club, the Rotary Club of Chicago, was established. With a membership of 3,500 members, from 74 clubs in four different coun-ties, Rotary International District 5240 meets regularly to not only develop its own commu-nities but communities around the world. As a member of one of the world’s largest service organization, Rotary International Dis-trict 5240 has established itself with remark-able charitable work ranging from leading polio eradication efforts since 1985 to a focus on promoting global peace, fighting disease, pro-viding international aid for access to clean water and life-saving care to mothers and chil-dren, as well as supporting educational pro-grams, and growing local economies. Most re-cently, Rotary International District 5240 has led relief efforts for Hurricane Matthew victims on behalf of our community. Locally, the organization has been a critical partner in economic and community develop-ment, and has donated over $250,000 to fund microfinance loans that have helped start or grow local businesses over the past four years. For these reasons, it is with great enthu-siasm that I recognize Rotary International District 5240, which is celebrating the centen-nial anniversary of the Rotary Foundation, for the immeasurable ways the organization has contributed to our community as a whole. f 
REGARDING PRESIDENTIAL VOTE RECOUNTS IN THE SEVERAL STATES 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the House Committees on the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committee; Ranking Member of the Judiciary Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity, and Investigations, and the Congres-sional Voting Rights Caucus, I rise today to address efforts that may be taken in various states to recount votes cast for candidates for the office of President of the United States in the recent election. The linchpin of representative democracies such as the United States is public confidence in the political system, regime, and commu-nity. That confidence in turn rests upon the ex-tent to which the public has faith that the sys-tem employed to select its leaders accurately reflects its preferences. At bottom, this means that all citizens cast-ing a vote have a fundamental right and rea-sonable expectation that the votes cast count and are counted. We know from experience that it not uncom-mon that occasionally vote counts reported in an initial canvass may later prove to be inac-curate because sometimes votes are over-looked or inaccurately credited to the wrong candidate. Vote recounts have long been recognized as an essential safeguard to correct errors of this type. Recounts have occurred at the local, state, and, as we saw in 2000, presidential level. It should be noted also that the November 8, 2016 election is the first presidential elec-tion held since the Supreme Court issued the notorious decision in Shelby County v. Holder, which neutered the preclearance provisions of the Voting Rights Act and adversely affected the ability of hundreds of thousands of per-sons to cast a ballot and have their vote counted. Also, as is the case this year, where the re-sults in the Electoral College and of the pop-ular vote diverge by the largest and most as-tounding margin in American history, it is par-ticularly fitting and appropriate to ensure that any uncertainty over the accuracy of the vote determining any state’s electoral votes be re-solved as fairly and expeditiously as possible. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE BEND HEROES FOUNDATION 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize the non-profit Bend Heroes Foundation of Bend, Oregon, for its outstanding dedication to Oregon’s veterans of the Armed Services. As a member of the National Honor Flight Network, the Foundation has honored over 550 World War II Oregon heroes who helped save the world from tyranny over seven dec-ades ago. It has been my high honor to wel-come them to Washington, D.C. and present each World War II veteran with a flag flown over our nation’s Capitol in his or her honor. The Foundation created the Bend Heroes Memorial to honor Bend’s veterans who served and died during war from World War I to the present. It was my privilege to help dedicate the memorial on Veterans Day back in 2009. The Foundation also inaugurated the Bend Parade of Flags program displaying 300 flags in Bend on eight patriotic days each year. I was again privileged to provide those flags and have them flown over our nation’s Capitol. Furthering their efforts, the Foundation worked with the Oregon Legislature to create six war veterans highways across Oregon: World War I, World War II, Korea, Vietnam, Persian Gulf/Afghanistan and Iraq and the Purple Heart Trail. Sixty-seven honorific signs have been installed on 1,730 miles of border- to-border highways, in total honoring 500,000 Oregon war veterans. The Bend Heroes Foundation also created the Oregon Medal of Honor Exhibit to cele-brate 26 Oregonians who received our na-tion’s highest award for valor above and be-yond the call of duty during combat from the Civil War to Vietnam. Mr. Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Max-well of Bend is one of the World War II recipi-ents, and at 96 he is our nation’s oldest living recipient. It was a privilege for me to provide him with a large American flag flown over the U.S. Capitol. That flag is now prominently dis-played at the Foundation’s exhibit in McMinnville. I would also like to honor the members of the Bend Heroes Foundation for their tireless efforts: Chairman Dick Tobiason, President Erik Tobiason, Vice President-Secretary Yvonne Drury, Treasurer Priscilla Reich, Di-rectors Bob Dent, Denny Drury, Joe Galla-gher, Mike Genna, Harley Kelley, Bob Max-well, Darla Rozelle, Rob Walker and Diane Harris, and Volunteers Candace Kelley, Mike Brock, Sid Poe, and John and Jean Frye. All serve without pay and are extremely proud of their efforts. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a grateful state and country, I wish to honor the Bend Heroes Foundation for its many grand accomplish-ments over many years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 14, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13DE8.010 E13DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1717 December 13, 2016 
INTRODUCTION OF H.R. 6483, THE SWINE WASTE INFRASTRUCTURE AND NATURAL ENVIRONMENT ACT (THE SWINE ACT) 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, as the 114th Congress comes to a close, I have introduced the Swine Waste Infrastruc-ture and Natural Environment Act (the SWINE Act, or H.R. 6483). I am hopeful that this bill will provoke constructive discussions and sug-gestions in the coming weeks from stake-holders in the agricultural and environmental communities, so that I can introduce an im-proved version early next year. The SWINE Act builds on efforts in North Carolina and elsewhere to develop new tech-nologies to manage and dispose of waste from animal agricultural production, replacing the current ‘‘lagoon and spray-field’’ method used by many swine producers. In 1999, the environmental impact of lagoon and spray-field waste disposal systems was made particularly acute by Hurricane Floyd, an unusually large storm which caused poorly-regulated hog la-goons to overflow and discharge untreated animal waste into water systems across East-ern North Carolina. But for years prior to the storm, large animal feeding operations had emitted noxious odor and threatened the air and water quality of small rural communities across the Southeast. In the aftermath of Hurricane Floyd, forward- thinking leaders in North Carolina initiated a process in which industry, academia, and the environmental community worked together to identify waste disposal technologies that would mitigate the worst environmental effects of the lagoon and spray-field system. The effort sparked a vigorous public discussion on issues related to swine waste while fostering a period of technological innovation in waste processing technology. For nearly a decade, I helped secure federal assistance for the re-search and development of environmentally sound methods of processing swine waste and for technical assistance to producers who sought to adopt such technologies. While this process resulted in significant progress toward a viable alternative to lagoon and spray-fields, the technologies developed thus far fell short of the established threshold for economic fea-sibility and have thus not been widely adopted by producers. The environmental and social threats posed by the lagoon and spray-field method are not limited to North Carolina, and thus require a national solution. With additional investments in research and development and incentives for technology adoption, the technologies de-veloped in North Carolina and elsewhere—or new technologies yet to be developed—can be made market-ready, producing an afford-able and environmentally superior replacement for lagoon and spray-field. We should not be forced to choose between a clean environ-ment and a successful, innovative animal agri-culture industry. With this bill, I believe we can improve the environment while remaining the world leader in animal agricultural production. URGING PRESIDENT-ELECT TO RE-SCIND APPOINTMENT OF STEVEN BANNON TO SENIOR WHITE HOUSE POSITION HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge the President-Elect to rescind his controversial appointment of Steven Bannon as White House Senior Counselor and Strategist. If the President-Elect takes seriously his Election Night pledge to be a president to ‘‘all Americans,’’ he must immediately renounce his intention to appoint Steven Bannon as White House Senior Counselor and Strategist. Steven Bannon has a long history promoting racial and ethnic bigotry, sexism, religious in-tolerance, and misogyny. He has insinuated that African-Americans are ‘naturally aggressive and violent,’ and under his leadership, Breitbart’s publishing strategy turned to one that has made it the media arm of the racist ‘‘Alt-Right’’ movement, publishing articles promoting popular white na-tionalist tropes such as ‘‘black on white crime’’ and that ‘‘rape culture’’ is inherent in Islam. In selecting Steven Bannon as one of his two most trusted White House advisors, the President-Elect is signaling to the American people that the inflammatory, reckless, and in-sensitive rhetoric and tactics employed by his campaign can be expected to become part of his Administration’s standard operating proce-dure. This is not the way to begin healing the wounds opened by the recently concluded presidential campaign and or to bring the American people together. I strongly urge the President-Elect to recon-sider his decision and rescind his controversial appointment of Steven Bannon as White House Senior Counselor and Strategist. 
f 
HONORING COMMANDER MONICA M
CGRATH 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition of Commander Monica McGrath, an outstanding and dedi-cated member of the Ventura County Sheriff’s Office, who is being honored as the recipient of Interface Children & Family Services’ inau-gural ‘‘Domestic Violence Champion for Change’’ Award. A staunch advocate, spokes-person, and community role model in the fight against domestic violence, Commander McGrath has played an instrumental role in establishing local law enforcement’s unique and specialized response to domestic violence throughout the region. Commander McGrath has been a longtime pioneer for women as a member of Ventura County Sheriff’s Office providing passionate advocacy to survivors of abuse and trauma since she joined the organization in 1987. Commander McGrath has served our commu-nity with the highest level of commitment to public safety. Her extraordinary efforts have positively impacted and transformed the lives of many individuals and families. In February 2015, Commander McGrath was selected as the new Chief of Police for the City of Camarillo. She has worked the ma-jority of her career in Camarillo and is involved in several community-based organizations, in-cluding Interface Children & Family Services. Alongside Interface, she has been a true part-ner in supporting the comprehensive strate-gies to address, prevent, and ultimately end the cycle of domestic violence within families throughout Ventura County. Moreover, Commander McGrath has been an invaluable member of the Interface Leader-ship Advisory Council, which shows her com-passionate and caring dedication to victims of domestic violence. She also actively partici-pates on the newly developed Domestic Vio-lence Task Force for Ventura County. Her ex-tensive knowledge, background, and leader-ship on the issue of domestic violence greatly contribute to her ability to effectively raise awareness and create the necessary change to end this epidemic. For these reasons, I am pleased to join Interface Children & Family Services in recog-nizing Commander Monica McGrath for her countless contributions in combating domestic violence in Ventura County. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ELIZABETH MINOR 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to use this time in recognition of Eliza-beth Minor, the beloved Mayor of Winchester, Virginia. Mayor Minor is retiring from her office after twelve years of dedicated service to the people of Winchester. During her time as Mayor and as a member of the City Council, Winchester has experi-enced a renaissance that has transformed the city into an extraordinary place to live, work and study. There is no one who has had a greater impact on creating this transformation than Mayor Elizabeth Minor. Always willing to speak at gatherings of Winchester residents, Mayor Minor was always prepared with the perfect message for each occasion. She has tirelessly used her special position in the com-munity to unify and encourage people of all ages, races and incomes. Elizabeth’s tenure as Mayor has been marked by many successes, including signifi-cant improvements to the city’s education sys-tem, improvements to the Jim Barnett Park, the transformation of Old Town Winchester and the beautification of the gateways to the city. Additionally, when cities and states across the country are struggling to develop budgets, her stewardship has helped Win-chester to win the Distinguished Budget Pres-entation Award from the Government Finance Officers Association of the United States and Canada for four years in a row. Elizabeth Minor served as Vice-Mayor of Winchester from 1994 to 2004, and has been a member of the City Council since 1980. Her nearly four decades of selfless service to her community will serve as a benchmark for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 14, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13DE8.014 E13DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1718 December 13, 2016 
future leaders of this great city for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I now ask that my colleagues join me in thanking Mayor Elizabeth Minor for her exemplary service and unwavering dedica-tion to the people of Winchester, Virginia. It is an honor to represent her in the U.S. House of Representatives and I wish her all the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF BONNIE L. VALKMAN 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the outstanding life and legacy of Bonnie L. Valkman, age 62, who passed away on Monday, November 24, 2014. A respected leader in her community, Bonnie will be re-membered for her enthusiastic community in-volvement. Bonnie was born on December 22, 1951, in West Bend, Wisconsin, to the late Walter and Joan Michaels. She was a resident of Wauconda, Illinois, for 28 years. Bonnie was the beloved Wife of Greg and loving Mother of Laura Baker. Bonnie was a graduate of the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater. Bonnie Valkman leaves behind a legacy of kindness, devotion, and faith. She was a lov-ing and devoted Wife and Mother, a kind and thoughtful friend, and, above all, a woman of deep faith. She attended the Willow Creek Community Church. Bonnie’s outlook on life touched the lives of many and made her com-munity a better place. I am saddened by the loss of such a valuable member of the com-munity and extend my heartfelt condolences to her family 
f 
CONGRATULATING KATHY LONG 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Kathy Long upon her retirement from outstanding and invaluable public service to the residents of the Third Dis-trict on the Ventura County Board of Super-visors. For well over two decades, her stead-fast leadership and immeasurable contribu-tions to our community have been held in the highest regard throughout the region. Supervisor Long’s commitment to the suc-cess of Ventura County is truly commendable. She has been relentless in her efforts to pro-mote Ventura County’s economic growth and vitality, protect and strengthen Naval Base Ventura County, prioritize public safety and support the social safety net, conserve our natural resources, preserve our agricultural sector, as well as address the needs of Ven-tura County’s veterans. Moreover, she has en-sured a better future for Ventura County and its residents through her remarkable advocacy and tenacity. Supervisor Long’s service to Ventura Coun-ty extends well beyond her role on the Board of Supervisors. She has continually sought and worked to be an agent of change in her community through other undertakings includ-ing active participation on the Board of Direc-tors of the Economic Development Collabo-rative-Ventura County, as Co-Chair of the Re-gional Defense Partnership for the 21st Cen-tury, as Chair of the County of Ventura Med-ical Oversight Committee, as Commissioner of the First 5 Commission, and through her es-tablishment of the Ventura County Women’s Economic Roundtable. In addition, Supervisor Long has served as the Ventura County Board of Supervisor’s representative to the California State Association of Counties (CSAC) and served on the Executive Board as Chair of the Urban Counties Caucus. She has also served as Co-Chair of the Women’s Leadership Forum, Poverty Working Group, and Coastal Counties Regional Association. In recognition of her tremendous and impactful work, Supervisor Long was recog-nized as ‘‘Woman of the Year’’ in 2015 by the California State Legislature, ‘‘Legislator of the Year’’ in 2013 by the Chamber of Commerce Alliance of Ventura and Santa Barbara Coun-ties, awarded the ‘‘Housing Hero Award’’ in 2011 by the Cabrillo Economic Development Corporation, received the American Red Cross Clara Barton ‘‘Public Servant of the Year’’ award in 2005, and was acknowledged as the ‘‘Public Servant of the Year’’ for 2002–2003 by the Camarillo Chamber of Commerce. I humbly applaud Supervisor Kathy Long for her demonstrative dedication and tireless ef-forts to our community, and Ventura County as a whole. It has been my great honor to work with Supervisor Long throughout the years. I have been fortunate to call her a col-league, an ally, and a friend. Supervisor Long has established a wonder-ful legacy of hard work and good governance in the public sector, and she has shown that she has a huge heart for Ventura County. As she retires from the Ventura County Board of Supervisors and enters a whole new chapter in her life, I am confident that this is not the end of her endeavors as an advocate on be-half of our community. f 
IN HONOR OF J. LAMAR REESE, JR. 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 13, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to a respected civic leader, outstanding citizen, and friend of longstanding, the Honorable J. Lamar Reese, Jr. Sadly, Lamar passed away on Saturday, December 10, 2016. Funeral services to cele-brate his life will be held on Wednesday, De-cember 14, 2016 at 11:00 a.m. at Porterfield Memorial United Methodist Church in Albany, Georgia. John Lamar Reese, Jr. was born on Feb-ruary 14, 1933 in Rome, Georgia. His family later moved to LaGrange, Georgia, where he graduated from LaGrange High School in 1951. He attended the Georgia Institute of Technology and graduated in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial Man-agement. While at Georgia Tech, he was a member of the Chi Phi Fraternity and the Naval Reserve Officers Training Corps. After graduation, Lamar served our nation honorably as a lieutenant in the United States Navy for two years. In 1957, he moved to Al-bany, Georgia where he founded Reese Con-struction Company and was a founding part-ner of LRA Constructors. Lamar Reese was widely known as a driv-ing force in his community. He served on var-ious boards and organizations including the Albany Board of Realtors; Albany Home Build-ers Association, and the Kiwanis Club. He was a board member of SunTrust Bank, Darton College, the Hospital Authority of Albany/ Dougherty County, and the Albany Chamber of Commerce, where he was awarded the Chamber’s first Lifetime Service Award. Further demonstrating his enduring commu-nity commitment, Lamar dedicated his time and talents to serving the city of Albany, Dougherty County, and the State of Georgia. He served on the Dougherty County Board of Education for sixteen years, including thirteen years as Chairman. The Dougherty County Board of Education established the Lamar Reese School of the Arts in honor of Lamar’s contributions to the education of young people in Dougherty County. Lamar also served as Chairman of the Dougherty County Board of Commissioners for four years and was elected President of the Georgia School Boards Association. He was a longtime member and advocate for the Albany YMCA and the Porterfield Memorial United Methodist Church, where he served as Chair-man of the Board of Trustees and on the Ad-ministrative Board. A devoted alumnus of Georgia Tech, he was a trustee of the Alumni Association, member of the Scheller School of Management Advisory Board, recipient of the Dean Griffin Community Service Award, and President of the Albany Area Georgia Tech Club. Maya Angelou once said, ‘‘A great soul serves everyone all the time. A great soul never dies.’’ Lamar Reese is one such great soul, who served humanity in a special way. He devoted many years of dedicated service to the people of Dougherty County through his meaningful contribution of energy, skill, and genuine passion. He was an honorable human being who loved deeply and, in return, was deeply loved. His impression on this earth ex-tends beyond himself to the very well-being of Dougherty County, and for it he will be re-membered by the community for time to come. On a personal note, Lamar was a friend of longstanding. I have truly been blessed by his friendship, counsel, and inspiration throughout the years. Lamar is survived by his loving wife, San-dra, dedicated sons, John, Marvin, and Frank-lin, eight wonderful grandchildren, a great- granddaughter and a host of other family members and friends. Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along with the more than 730,000 people of Geor-gia’s Second Congressional District salute J. Lamar Reese, Jr. for his dedicated service and exceptional impact on Dougherty County. I ask my colleagues in the House of Rep-resentatives to join us in extending our deep-est sympathies to the Reese family, friends and loved ones during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Dec 14, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13DE8.017 E13DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D1134 Tuesday, December 13, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 8:30:00 a.m. in pro forma ses-sion, and adjourned at 8:30:28 a.m. until 10 a.m., on Friday, December 16, 2016. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 1 public bill, H.R. 6529 was introduced.
                       Page H7588 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H7588 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5510, to amend the Federal Trade Commis-sion Act to establish new requirements relating to investigations, consent orders, and reporting require-ments, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–875, Part 1); and H.R. 5092, to make exclusive the authority of the Federal Government to regulate the labeling of prod-ucts made in the United States and introduced in interstate or foreign commerce, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 114–876).
                                   Page H7588 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Comstock to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H7579 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Reverend Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Skyline Wesleyan Church, San Diego, CA. 
                                                                                            Page H7579 
Frank R. Wolf International Religious Freedom Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 1150, to amend the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterterrorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political responses to religious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide.                                                                                     Pages H7580–84 
United States-Caribbean Strategic Engagement Act of 2016: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 4939, to increase engagement with the gov-ernments of the Caribbean region, the Caribbean di-aspora community in the United States, and the pri-vate sector and civil society in both the United States and the Caribbean.
                              Pages H7584–85 
Providing for the approval of the Agreement for Cooperation Between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Kingdom of Norway Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass S. 8, to provide for the approval of the Agreement for Cooperation Be-tween the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Kingdom of Norway Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear En-ergy.
                                                                                 Page H7585 
Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential Assessment Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Sen-ate amendment to H.R. 710, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to prepare a comprehensive se-curity assessment of the transportation security card program.
                                                                 Pages H7585–86 
Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers Re-form and Improvement Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Sen-ate amendments to H.R. 3842, to improve homeland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Dec 14, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13DE6.REC D13DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1135 December 13, 2016 
security, including domestic preparedness and re-sponse to terrorism, by reforming Federal Law En-forcement Training Centers to provide training to first responders.
                                                          Page H7586 
Overtime Pay for Secret Service Agents Act of 2016: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendments to H.R. 6302, to provide an increase in premium pay for United States Secret Service agents performing pro-tective services during 2016.
                               Page H7586 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H7579–80. Senate Referral: S. 3084 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H7579 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 2:30 p.m. and ad-journed at 2:41 p.m. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Dec 14, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13DE6.REC D13DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1136 December 13, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Friday, December 16 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2 p.m., Friday, December 16 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 2 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1718 Brownley, Julia, Calif., E1713, E1713, E1714, E1716, E1717, E1718 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1713, E1717 Gabbard, Tulsi, Hawaii, E1714 Grayson, Alan, Fla., E1715, E1718 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1713, E1714, E1715, E1716, E1717 Price, David E., N.C., E1717 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E1715 Walden, Greg, Ore., E1716 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Dec 14, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13DE6.REC D13DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST