Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3465 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 2016 No. 89 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
OMACK ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 7, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable S
TEVE  W
OMACK to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
CARBON TAX The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, the House will vote this week on a resolution of disapproval on a car-bon tax, a new tax that would greatly hurt my State of West Virginia. West Virginia is the second largest producer of coal in the United States. The coal mined in West Virginia made this country what it is today. It made the steel that built skyscrapers and the ships that won world wars. If a carbon tax would be imposed, all of this would change. According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Of-fice, a carbon tax would hurt our econ-omy. It would raise prices and diminish people’s purchasing power. It would re-duce the number of hours people worked, resulting in lost wages. It would also disproportionately hurt low-income families and raise energy prices for seniors and families. West Virginia already has one of the highest unemployment rates in the Na-tion. What we need are policies that create more jobs, encourage companies to expand and hire, diversify our econ-omy, and reinvest in our people. Our coal miners and our coalfields have suffered enough. They can’t afford a tax on the very energy West Virginia produces. The message is clear: West Virginia needs more jobs and reinvestment, not a carbon tax. IMPLEMENTATION OF NEW OZONE STANDARDS  
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, the EPA is at it again. It is writing yet another rule that will hurt our economy and could make it harder for us to build new roads and create jobs. In this economy, when West Virginia has one of the highest unemployment rates in the Nation, the last thing we need is more red tape. We don’t need more bureaucrats getting in the way of our State’s ability to develop our re-sources. The new ozone standards the EPA wants to impose on States would hurt manufacturing, drilling, mining, and agricultural operations, hurting the families who depend on these jobs. The EPA is ratcheting up its ozone standard on States. Most States and counties haven’t even met the 2008 ozone standard, and now the bar is being raised again. This is unrealistic. Counties not in compliance with the new standard could find it even harder to attract and build new developments. In southern West Virginia, that means we might not be able to redevelop our former mine sites to their full poten-tial. It could even halt the much-need-ed Hobet mine redevelopment. Noncompliant counties also might not be able to build new highways. For southern West Virginia, that could mean long planned highway projects are put on the back burner again. This week, we will vote in the House on a bill to put the brakes on the EPA’s latest actions. We will give the States time to catch up before the EPA tries to impose yet another standard. We will protect public health while en-suring implementation of new ozone standards that don’t cripple our econ-omy. This is a commonsense bill that de-serves bipartisan support. f 
HONORING ANITA DATAR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor an extraordinary public servant, Anita Datar, who was tragically killed late last year during the despicable ter-rorist attack at the Radisson Blu Hotel in Bamako, Mali. Anita, only 41 years old, was senior director for field programs for the international development firm, Palla-dium. She went to Mali on a USAID- supported research project focused on women’s reproductive health. Raised in New Jersey, Anita devoted her entire career to international pub-lic health and development. She start-ed as a Peace Corps volunteer in Sen-egal, and then continued to travel throughout sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America, and the Caribbean, helping vulnerable communities escape poverty and disease. Anita founded a nonprofit organiza-tion that connects low-income women in developing countries to quality 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.000 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3466 June 7, 2016 
health services. She was especially committed to expanding access to fam-ily planning services and treating and preventing HIV. Anita’s son, Rohan, is in the gallery today with his father, David. They will join Anita’s friends and colleagues at a reception this evening at the U.S. In-stitute of Peace to remember Anita and celebrate the mark her work left on so many. Rohan recently moved to my home district in New York. Rohan, we are proud and honored to have you in our community. Your mom made the world a better place through her passion, spirit, and dedication to helping oth-ers. Her selfless commitment to service is one of the many indelible legacies Anita bestowed on Rohan and all those who had the honor of knowing her. I would also note that the Senate passed, on February 1, 2016, a bipar-tisan resolution, S. Res. 347, honoring the memory and legacy of Anita Ashok Datar; condemning the terrorist attack in Bamako, Mali, on November 20, 2015; and extending heartfelt condolences and prayers to the family, friends, and colleagues of Anita Ashok Datar, par-ticularly her son, Rohan; and the indi-viduals touched by the life of Anita Ashok Datar or affected by her death, including the dedicated development professionals and volunteers that con-tinue to selflessly engage in critical humanitarian and development efforts. The text of S. Res. 347 can be found on pages S134–S135 of the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD , dated Wednesday, Jan-uary 20, 2016. We will continue to be inspired by Anita’s dedication to helping others. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 8 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, O merciful God, for giving us another day. In these days after Memorial Day, we thank You again for the ultimate sac-rifices of so many of our citizen ances-tors. Bless their families with Your consolation. Bless, as well, the men and women who serve our Nation this day in our Armed Forces. O God, You have blessed every person with the full measure of Your Grace and given us the bounty of Your Spirit. We pray, especially today, for Your children here in the U.S. but also across the world who are lacking in the nutrition to develop and grow as human persons, fully alive. May we who have so much work to provide bread for the world, especially for those in the first 1,000 days of their lives, from conception to early child-hood. As the Members of this people’s House return from the Memorial Day adjournment, bless them with the wis-dom and perseverance to attend to the pressing needs of all who hunger and thirst, for sustenance, and for justice. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. EMMER of Minnesota led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
REMEMBERING A TRUE MINNESOTAN (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to remember the life of St. Cloud native Wheelock Whitney. Mr. Whitney devoted his life to the State of Minnesota and to our commu-nity. Wheelock Whitney was born in St. Cloud, Minnesota, and joined the Navy following high school. After serving his country, he attended Yale University and went on to become the successful CEO of J.M. Dain & Company until he retired in 1972. Wheelock’s passions, however, ex-panded far past business. He served as the mayor of Wayzata, Minnesota, and ran for the U.S. Senate in 1964. He also ran for Governor of the State of Min-nesota in 1982. Wheelock was active in politics throughout his long life. He was also a baseball enthusiast and was instrumental in bringing our beloved Twins to Minnesota. While Wheelock will, undoubtedly, be remembered for his successful career and many endeavors, many of us will remember him for his charity. Among his many charitable efforts, Wheelock served as the chairman of the National Council on Alcoholism and Drug De-pendence, and he cofounded the John-son Institute, which helps fight addic-tion. Wheelock Whitney was a man with a great heart. He lived to help others and strived to make Minnesota a wonderful place to live, and we will all miss him. f 
THE FAILURE OF HOUSE REPUBLICANS IN CONGRESS (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, Repub-licans in Congress have failed to pass a budget or to adequately address the health crises that we have brewing in this country, including one in my own hometown of Flint, Michigan. Now, this week, Speaker R
YANis try-ing to distract the focus from Repub-lican Party leader and presumptive nominee Donald Trump’s racist and bigoted remarks toward Mexican Americans and Muslim Americans. Releasing white papers is not enough to offset what the leader of your party is saying every day about American citizens. Last week, for example, Donald Trump questioned the ability of an American Federal judge to do his job— this is a direct quote—because ‘‘he’s a Mexican.’’ He even doubled down on this extreme position, questioning whether a Muslim American judge could also properly do his job based on his religion, based on his beliefs. These are deeply troubling, racist, un-Amer-ican comments that cannot be toler-ated, that cannot be accepted. Honestly, if I felt as if the leadership in the House were doing its job to over-come that so as to do its own job and not align with those sorts of state-ments by allowing its own legislation to fail because of the willingness to fly the Confederate flag, it would be far more acceptable. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
EN-
KINS of West Virginia). The Chair will remind Members to refrain from engag-ing in personalities towards presump-tive nominees for the Office of the President. 
f 
SPEAKER RYAN’S ‘‘A BETTER WAY’’ AGENDA (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this week, Speaker of the House P
AUL DAVIS RYAN presented a positive program on what Republicans support—A Better Way—which is our vision for a confident America. Speaker R
YANhas outlined a bold Re-publican agenda that advances mean-ingful reforms to address poverty, to protect national security, to grow our economy and create jobs, to defend the Constitution, to improve health care, and to reform the Tax Code. The A Bet-ter Way program will provide positive opportunities for American families 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.002 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3467 June 7, 2016 
and will chart the course that chal-lenges all Americans to reach their full potential. The American Dream should be true for everyone. All should have a chance to make the most of their lives no mat-ter how they start. The optimistic agenda of creating jobs will get Amer-ica back on track while addressing some of the most serious challenges of our time. I appreciate Speaker R
YAN’s work to make this a positive and inclu-sive process by collecting feedback from citizens across the country for A Better Way. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
REMEMBERING COY LUTZ (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the tragic loss and in memory of 19- year-old Coy Lutz, a young man from my hometown of Howard, Pennsyl-vania, who was killed in a New Jersey rodeo accident. Coy was a four-time national quali-fier and a two-time Pennsylvania State champion in High School Rodeo Asso-ciations. He was also a 2015 graduate of the Central Pennsylvania Institute of Science and Technology. He continued his education at the University of Ten-nessee at Martin, where he was major-ing in criminal justice. At the University of Tennessee, Coy was also pursuing his passion for rodeo. Following his death, the university’s rodeo coach, John Luthi, said, ‘‘Even though he was only here for 1 year, his impact will always be felt here at UT Martin. He was a super human being who always took care of his business. It’s hard to imagine why something like this had to happen, but we have faith that God is in control.’’ My thoughts and prayers remain with the Lutz family, including Coy’s parents, Doug and Sabine, along with his sisters, Melanie and Laura. 
f 
PFEIFER KIWANIS CAMP AND EX-ECUTIVE DIRECTOR SANFORD TOLLETTE (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the dedicated and exceptional work of Mr. Sanford Tollette, the exec-utive director of the Joseph Pfeifer Kiwanis Camp in Arkansas. The camp provides at-risk and under-privileged children throughout Arkan-sas with the opportunity to enhance their education while experiencing na-ture and the great outdoors. Originally a summer camp, Mr. Tollette has transformed it into a year-round resi-dential academic intervention pro-gram. A grateful mother from Arkansas re-cently shared with me the powerful im-pact that the camp has had on her daughter’s development, allowing her to better interact with her friends and her classmates. Further, the camp has provided critical guidance and informa-tion to the mother to help her with her child’s development. Under his leadership, the camp has provided thousands of young Arkan-sans with the opportunity to grow, learn, and build lasting friendships. I commend Mr. Tollette for his fruitful efforts, and I look forward to his con-tinued success. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3:45 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 10 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1545 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) at 3 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
CHECKPOINT OPTIMIZATION AND EFFICIENCY ACT OF 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5338) to reduce passenger wait times at airports, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5338 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Checkpoint Optimization and Efficiency Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that airport checkpoint wait times should not take pri-ority over the security of the Nation’s avia-tion system. 
SEC. 3. ENHANCED STAFFING ALLOCATION MODEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Se-curity Administration shall complete an as-sessment of the Administration’s staffing al-location model to determine the necessary staffing positions at all airports in the United States at which the Administration operates passenger checkpoints. (b) APPROPRIATE STAFFING .—The staffing allocation model described in subsection (a) shall be based on necessary staffing levels to maintain minimal passenger wait times and maximum security effectiveness. (c) A
DDITIONAL RESOURCES .—In assessing necessary staffing for minimal passenger wait times and maximum security effective-ness referred to in subsection (b), the Admin-istrator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall include the use of canine explosives detection teams and technology to assist screeners conducting security checks. (d) T
RANSPARENCY .—The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall share with aviation security stake-holders the staffing allocation model de-scribed in subsection (a), as appropriate. (e) E
XCHANGE OF INFORMATION .—The Ad- ministrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall require each Federal Security Director to engage on a regular basis with the appropriate aviation security stakeholders to exchange information re-garding airport operations, including secu-rity operations. (f) G
AOREVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall review the staffing allocation model de-scribed in subsection (a) and report to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on the results of such review. 
SEC. 4. EFFECTIVE UTILIZATION OF STAFFING RESOURCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To the greatest extent practicable, the Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration shall di-rect that Transportation Security Officers with appropriate certifications and training are assigned to passenger and baggage secu-rity screening functions and that other Ad-ministration personnel who may not have certification and training to screen pas-sengers or baggage are utilized for tasks not directly related to security screening, in-cluding restocking bins and providing in-structions and support to passengers in secu-rity lines. (b) A
SSESSMENT AND REASSIGNMENT .—The Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration shall conduct an assess-ment of headquarters personnel and reassign appropriate personnel to assist with airport security screening activities on a permanent or temporary basis, as appropriate. 
SEC. 5. TSA STAFFING AND RESOURCE ALLOCA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Se-curity Administration shall take the fol-lowing actions: (1) Utilize the Administration’s Behavior Detection Officers for passenger and baggage security screening, including the verification of traveler documents, particularly at des-ignated PreCheck lanes to ensure that such lanes are operational for use and maximum efficiency. (2) Make every practicable effort to grant additional flexibility and authority to Fed-eral Security Directors in matters related to checkpoint and checked baggage staffing al-location and employee overtime in further-ance of maintaining minimal passenger wait times and maximum security effectiveness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.004 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3468 June 7, 2016 
(3) Disseminate to aviation security stake-holders and appropriate Administration per-sonnel a list of checkpoint optimization best practices. (4) Expand efforts to increase the public’s participation in the Administration’s PreCheck program, including deploying Ad-ministration-approved ready-to-market pri-vate sector solutions and offering secure on-line and mobile enrollment opportunities. (5) Request the Aviation Security Advisory Committee (established pursuant to section 44946 of title 49, United States Code) provide recommendations on best practices for checkpoint security operations optimization. (b) S
TAFFING ADVISORY COORDINATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall— (1) direct each Federal Security Director to coordinate local representatives of aviation security stakeholders to establish a staffing advisory working group at each airport at which the Administration oversees or per-forms passenger security screening to pro-vide recommendations to the Administrator on Transportation Security Officer staffing numbers, for such airport; and (2) certify to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that such staff-ing advisory working groups have been es-tablished. (c) R
EPORTING .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Se-curity Administration shall— (1) report to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate regarding how the Administration’s Passenger Screening Canine assets may be deployed and utilized for maximum efficiency to mitigate risk and optimize checkpoint operations; and (2) report to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on the status of the Administration’s Credential Authen-tication Technology Assessment program and how deployment of such program might optimize checkpoint operations. 
SEC. 6. AVIATION SECURITY STAKEHOLDERS DE-FINED. 
For purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘avia-tion security stakeholders’’ shall mean, at a minimum, air carriers, airport operators, and labor organizations representing Trans-portation Security Officers or, where appli-cable, contract screeners. 
SEC. 7. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed as authorizing or directing the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administra-tion to prioritize reducing wait times over security effectiveness. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. We have all seen, heard about, or even experienced for ourselves the re-cent crisis of wait times at TSA check-points at airports across this great Na-tion. With record passenger volumes, inefficient staffing models, and col-laboration challenges with airports and airlines, the TSA has found itself stretched way too thin. The fact of the matter is that security effectiveness and efficiency are not mutually exclu-sive. Now that the summer holiday season is upon us, it is imperative that we move to alleviate the nightmarish sce-narios that have been playing out at airports across the United States in re-cent months. Passengers should not be missing flights due to long security lines when they are arriving to the air-port 2 hours prior to their flights. Similarly, airports should not be ap-proaching an operational ground stop related to TSA checkpoint lines. Also, they should not be having to sleep overnight on cots, in airports, because of TSA snafus. The House has already passed impor-tant legislation to expand TSA PreCheck, which is still awaiting pas-sage in the Senate. Getting more pas-sengers enrolled in PreCheck is essen-tial to security and efficiency by iden-tifying low-risk travelers and expe-diting them through screening. Today, we have the opportunity to act again and swiftly. When I came to Congress, I made a commitment to my constitu-ents to tackle problems head-on and get things done. A few weeks ago, my colleagues and I had convened representatives from airports and airlines from across this country to discuss this wait time crisis and to hear directly from them what they think needs to be done to help. The message was consistent, and it was loud: the TSA needs to collaborate with individual airlines and airport au-thorities to coordinate sufficient staff-ing levels on a local basis. We heard their message. This bill will require the TSA to maximize all of its available resources and give airports, airlines, and labor organizations a seat at the table to ensure those resources are being utilized and allocated in the most effective and efficient manner. The Checkpoint Optimization and Ef-ficiency Act will make a meaningful impact in shortening the burdensome security wait times being experienced by Americans who travel through air-ports across this country. It is critical that Congress act to swiftly get this bill to the President’s desk. Specifically, this legislation rede-ploys TSA assets, such as behavior de-tection officers, of which there are 3,000, and K–9 teams so that more per-sonnel are made available to perform screening functions. Further, the bill grants additional flexibility to local TSA supervisors in order to empower them to make decisions on an airport- by-airport basis, rather than a top- down approach from TSA headquarters. This bill will also direct the TSA to undergo a comprehensive workforce as-sessment and report to Congress to en-sure that the agency is deploying per-sonnel in the most risk-based manner. The TSA must also share its staffing practices with airport operators, air-lines, and labor organizations in order to enhance the coordination between peak travel times, flight schedules, and TSA checkpoint staffing. Mr. Speaker, this wait time crisis is an issue that touches airports across this great country, and a swift re-sponse to problems like this is what the American people sent us here to ac-complish. This legislation implements commonsense practices while pre-venting a one-size-fits-all approach to aviation security. Above all, the bill explicitly states that security is para-mount and that wait times should not be prioritized at the expense of effec-tive security screening. I thank the chairman of the full com-mittee, Mr. MCCAUL, for his strong sup-port of this legislation and for ensuring that it was a top priority for the com-mittee. Additionally, I thank Ranking Member R
ICE and Representative K
EATING for their bipartisan support on this bill. I also thank the ranking mi-nority member on the Homeland Secu-rity Committee, my colleague who works with us hand in hand again and again on these matters, Mr. T
HOMPSON . We are here, before Congress, passing yet another bill in a bipartisan man-ner. This is what Congress is supposed to do, and I thank Mr. T
HOMPSON for his support. I also express thanks to each of the bill’s cosponsors for recog-nizing the importance of this issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5338, the Checkpoint Optimization and Effi-ciency Act of 2016. Over the past few months, the Trans-portation Security Administration has been scrutinized and criticized regard-ing wait times. As the peak travel sea-son began, there were several reports of wait times that exceeded 2 hours. Those lengthy waits caused anxiety and disappointment among travelers. At times, the prolonged wait times caused many passengers to miss their flights. In response to this crisis, the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and the Transportation Security Administra-tion took a series of actions. The TSA deployed additional K–9 teams to screen passengers at checkpoints; it in-tensified its efforts to promote partici-pation in the PreCheck program; it partnered more closely with airlines and airports; and it increased research and development efforts for tech-nologies that will improve screening. This bill codifies many of those ac-tions. However, it does not encompass 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.002 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3469 June 7, 2016 
the entirety of the Department’s ef-forts to address the wait times crisis. DHS Secretary Johnson also re-quested that $34 million in appropria-tions be reprogrammed from other TSA accounts to help cover the costs for overtime, converting part-time work-ers to full-time, and expediting the hir-ing of new transportation security offi-cers. DHS’ request was approved. Just 2 weeks after the reprogramming, Sec-retary Johnson requested an additional infusion of cash to TSA operations of $28 million. That reprogramming re-quest is pending. The infusion of $34 million in additional resources into TSA security operations has had a tre-mendous impact on wait times at the Nation’s airports. In fact, during the Memorial Day weekend, most airports reported wait times of less than 30 min-utes during peak time. If the TSA is to maintain the oper-ational gains that have been realized in recent weeks and keep wait times down, it will require Congress’ stepping up and providing resources. Even though the measures within this bill will codify much of what the TSA and the DHS are already doing to address the issue, the only way to achieve long- term, measurable success is by giving the TSA the resources it needs on an ongoing basis. The TSA’s current staffing is out of step with its own projection for vol-umes in fiscal year 2016. As you can see from the poster, the TSA’s staffing in fiscal year 2016 was 42,525 TSOs, which is nearly 2,500 fewer frontline staff than in fiscal year 2011. The TSA is ex-pected to screen nearly 100 million more passengers in FY 2016, with about 2,500 fewer staff. That is why I joined with Represent-ative D
EFAZIO and Representative D
OLD in introducing H.R. 5340, the FASTER Act, which is bipartisan legis-lation that directs the money that is collected from the flying public through the September 11 Security Fee to actually be used to secure the Na-tion’s commercial aviation system. Un-fortunately, a significant portion of the funds collected, which has totaled $12.6 billion over 10 years, is being di-verted to offset the Federal budget. I urge Members to support H.R. 5340, the FASTER Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OYCE ). Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5338, the Checkpoint Optimization and Efficiency Act of 2016. Every week, when I come and go from the Cleveland airport, I worry about the chaotic lines and the long wait times in security. I am glad for the opportunity to speak in support of legislation that intends to alleviate this ever-growing problem. I am in-creasingly hearing from constituents about the frustration of subjecting one-self to air travel. Traveling with chil-dren is even more stressful, as my wife and I can empathize with. Missing a flight because of ridiculously long lines at security is unacceptable. At the same time, we need a system that guarantees passenger safety. It is all of our jobs here in Congress to ensure that our constituents are safe, and it is the responsibility of TSA officers to ensure travelers are thor-oughly screened. This legislation will boost their efficiency in doing so. Re-viewing the TSA’s staffing model is necessary to determine best practices and implement them as soon as pos-sible. This legislation increases trans-parency and accountability. Examining big-picture problems with the current system and tackling the issues at the source will help to reduce passenger wait times and will ensure the safety of all of our constituents. This legislation presents a common-sense approach in addressing the air-port wait times issue, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5338. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD). Mr. DOLD. I, certainly, thank my good friend from New York for yielding the time. I thank my friend from Mississippi, who talked a little bit before about the bill that we are working on together, that being the FASTER Act, which I do believe is a step in the right direction. Mr. Speaker, I represent a district just north of Chicago, so the airport that I go in and out of right now is Chi-cago’s O’Hare—the busiest airport in the country. In fact, we believe about 77 million passengers are going to go through O’Hare this year—77 million. It is not uncommon, obviously, for me to go there and have extremely long wait times at the TSA. Unfortunately, what we have seen more recently is these wait times continuing to build— to build so much that, actually, the wait time is longer than the flight, itself, which, to me, is completely un-acceptable. Frankly, the American public deserves a little bit more ac-countability. Over the past few weeks, these long wait times, obviously, have been exac-erbated, so we have put on a Band- Aid—a patch—to try to make sure that we have a little bit more staffing at some of these busiest of airports around the country, and we have seen those wait times come down. Yet what we do know is that people are missing their flights. People who have missed their flights, at least in the last couple of weeks, have been able to be put on flights without too much inconven-ience. If this were to happen this sum-mer, the chances are, at least from the airlines, they wouldn’t be able to get on their flights for a week or more, which could completely disrupt family vacations and the like. The current screening procedures need to be updated to ensure that we protect passengers from terrorist threats and to make sure that pas-sengers are screened in the most effi-cient manner possible. This is, really, a two-pronged approach. In one, my friend from Mississippi talked about the FASTER Act, which is, again, try-ing to make sure that the resources that passengers pay are actually going toward the TSA to make sure that it has the manpower necessary to do the screening. Today’s bill, the Checkpoint Optimi-zation and Efficiency Act, will go a long way towards ensuring that the TSA updates the screening procedures to improve customer service at the Na-tion’s busiest airports. This bill will ensure that TSA position screeners are where they are needed most, which, I think, is absolutely critical. The bill will allow the TSA to reallocate K–9 teams to the Nation’s busiest airports or where they are needed. K–9 detect-ing teams are a vital tool in ensuring the quick and effective screening of passengers. Mr. Speaker, just this last week, I was at O’Hare. I went down and had an opportunity to talk with some of the K–9 screeners in Chicago. One actually came from Fairbanks, Alaska, and the other one came in from Cincinnati. b1600 There is no question that there was a huge issue at O’Hare that needed to be rectified, and what this legislation does—and the gentleman from New York proposes—will allow that flexi-bility to happen. Finally, I want to just talk about the TSA’s Federal Security Directors and making sure that they are placed at the busiest airports and have some of the flexibility that they need to make the staffing decisions that are best for the people. The bill today, I believe, will go a long way toward alleviating the crisis at our busiest airports around the country and will help make sure that our hours-long wait times will be re-duced and diminished. I certainly hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will support this legislation. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, the measure under con-sideration will codify much of what the Department and TSA have been doing to address wait times at our Nation’s airports. Thankfully, through bipar-tisan negotiations on this measure, we were able to ensure that when local airport working groups are stood up, the voices of the airport operators, air carriers, and those who represent the men and women on the front lines of aviation security would be heard. Also, I am pleased that the bill, as amended, takes a broader view on how behavior detection officers could be used at our airports. I have long been skeptical of TSA’s investment in the Behavior Detection Officer program, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.007 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3470 June 7, 2016 
given the risks of racial or ethnic profiling and the lack of science to back TSA’s claim of this security effec-tiveness. I am pleased that Chairman K
ATKO  was receptive to repurposing this posi-tion, at the Federal Security Director’s discretion, to any alternate position within TSA’s checkpoint screening functions. I, once again, urge Members to sup-port H.R. 5340, the FASTER Act, as it will ensure that TSA receives funding it needs to acquire and maintain staff and resources to efficiently carry out its mission without compromising se-curity effectiveness. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time to close. The threats facing our Nation’s avia-tion system are constantly changing and adapting. For this reason, TSA’s mission is not only difficult, but crit-ical to the national security of the United States and the safety of trav-eling Americans. I, again, wish to thank all of the bi-partisan cosponsors of this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, the traveling public is suffering from staggeringly long air-port wait times. As the busy summer travel season has begun, I am consistently hearing reports of missed flights, delays, and two-hour plus wait times at TSA security checkpoints. This bipartisan legislation includes meaningful reforms that the Homeland Security Com-mittee has identified to address wait times, while making sure that the traveling public re-mains safe. I also want to encourage the Sen-ate to act on other House-passed bills that would help alleviate checkpoint wait times. TSA’s Admiral Neffenger testified before my committee that the provisions outlined in H.R. 5338 would help optimize checkpoints and re-duce the burden on TSA and passengers. Our bill has also received overwhelming support from transportation stakeholders, such as the airport and airline community. The Checkpoint Optimization and Efficiency Act redeploys TSA personnel to enhance staff-ing and increase operational capability, allow-ing more screening lanes to be open. The bill ushers in a new era of transparency and ac-countability between TSA and its airport and airline stakeholders, while pushing continued expansion of TSA’s PreCheck program, which the House has already sought to expand with the passage of the TSA PreCheck Expansion Act. Mr. Speaker, the President’s recent budget requests have failed to predict the resources that were needed to mitigate this problem be-fore it started. In fact, last year, TSA gave $100 million back to the U.S. Treasury. Now, Secretary Johnson has had to ask Congress for reprogramming requests to alleviate the burden placed on TSA operations. While these reprogramming requests were necessary, I am pleased that this legislation will go a step fur-ther by reallocating existing assets in a much more effective manner. I wish to thank Chairman K
ATKO for his leadership on this important issue, as well as each of the cosponsors of the bill. In par-ticular, I wish to thank Ranking Member RICE and Representative K
EATING for lending their support to the bill and for their engagement and work on enhancing transportation security. I urge my colleagues to support this critical legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5338, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HELPING HOSPITALS IMPROVE PATIENT CARE ACT OF 2016 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5273) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for reg-ulatory relief under the Medicare pro-gram for certain providers of services and suppliers and increased trans-parency in hospital coding and enroll-ment data, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5273 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Helping Hospitals Improve Patient Care Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—PROVISIONS RELATING TO MEDICARE PART A Sec. 101. Development of Medicare study for HCPCS version of MS–DRG codes for similar hospital serv-ices. Sec. 102. Establishing beneficiary equity in the Medicare hospital readmis-sion program. Sec. 103. Five-year extension of the rural community hospital dem-onstration program. Sec. 104. Regulatory relief for LTCHs. Sec. 105. Savings from IPPS MACRA pay-for through not applying docu-mentation and coding adjust-ments. TITLE II—PROVISIONS RELATING TO MEDICARE PART B Sec. 201. Continuing Medicare payment under HOPD prospective pay-ment system for services fur-nished by mid-build off-campus outpatient departments of pro-viders. Sec. 202. Treatment of cancer hospitals in off-campus outpatient depart-ment of a provider policy. Sec. 203. Treatment of eligible professionals in ambulatory surgical centers for meaningful use and MIPS. TITLE III—OTHER MEDICARE PROVISIONS Sec. 301. Delay in authority to terminate contracts for Medicare Advan-tage plans failing to achieve minimum quality ratings. Sec. 302. Requirement for enrollment data reporting for Medicare. Sec. 303. Updating the Welcome to Medicare package. TITLE I—PROVISIONS RELATING TO MEDICARE PART A SEC. 101. DEVELOPMENT OF MEDICARE STUDY FOR HCPCS VERSION OF MS–DRG CODES FOR SIMILAR HOSPITAL SERVICES. 
Section 1886 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(t) R
ELATING SIMILAR INPATIENT AND OUT-
PATIENT HOSPITAL SERVICES .— ‘‘(1) D
EVELOPMENT OF HCPCS VERSION OF MS – 
DRG CODES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2018, the Secretary shall develop HCPCS versions for MS–DRGs that is similar to the ICD–10–PCS for such MS–DRGs such that, to the extent possible, the MS–DRG assignment shall be similar for a claim coded with the HCPCS version as an identical claim coded with a ICD–10–PCS code. ‘‘(B) C
OVERAGE OF SURGICAL MS –DRGS .—In carrying out subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall develop HCPCS versions of MS–DRG codes for not fewer than 10 surgical MS– DRGs. ‘‘(C) P
UBLICATION AND DISSEMINATION OF  
THE HCPCS VERSIONS OF MS –DRGS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-velop a HCPCS MS–DRG definitions manual and software that is similar to the defini-tions manual and software for ICD–10–PCS codes for such MS–DRGs. The Secretary shall post the HCPCS MS–DRG definitions manual and software on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices. The HCPCS MS–DRG definitions man-ual and software shall be in the public do-main and available for use and redistribution without charge. ‘‘(ii) U
SE OF PREVIOUS ANALYSIS DONE BY  
MEDPAC .—In developing the HCPCS MS–DRG definitions manual and software under clause (i), the Secretary shall consult with the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission and shall consider the analysis done by such Commission in translating outpatient sur-gical claims into inpatient surgical MS– DRGs in preparing chapter 7 (relating to hos-pital short-stay policy issues) of its ‘Medi-care and the Health Care Delivery System’ report submitted to Congress in June 2015. ‘‘(D) D
EFINITION AND REFERENCE .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) HCPCS.—The term ‘HCPCS’ means, with respect to hospital items and services, the code under the Healthcare Common Pro-cedure Coding System (HCPCS) (or a suc-cessor code) for such items and services. ‘‘(ii) ICD–
10–PCS.—The term ‘ICD–10–PCS’ means the International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision, Procedure Coding System, and includes a subsequent revision of such International Classification of Dis-eases, Procedure Coding System.’’. 
SEC. 102. ESTABLISHING BENEFICIARY EQUITY IN THE MEDICARE HOSPITAL READ-MISSION PROGRAM. 
(a) T RANSITIONAL ADJUSTMENT FOR DUAL E
LIGIBLE POPULATION .—Section 1886(q)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(q)(3)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘sub-ject to subparagraph (D),’’ after ‘‘purposes of paragraph (1),’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) T
RANSITIONAL ADJUSTMENT FOR DUAL  
ELIGIBLES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In determining a hos-pital’s adjustment factor under this para-graph for purposes of making payments for discharges occurring during and after fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.009 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3471 June 7, 2016 
year 2019, and before the application of clause (i) of subparagraph (E), the Secretary shall assign hospitals to groups (as defined by the Secretary under clause (ii)) and apply the applicable provisions of this subsection using a methodology in a manner that allows for separate comparison of hospitals within each such group, as determined by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(ii) D
EFINING GROUPS .—For purposes of this subparagraph, the Secretary shall define groups of hospitals based on their overall proportion, of the inpatients who are enti-tled to, or enrolled for, benefits under part A, who are full-benefit dual eligible individ-uals (as defined in section 1935(c)(6)). In de-fining groups, the Secretary shall consult the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission and may consider the analysis done by such Commission in preparing the portion of its report submitted to Congress in June 2013 re-lating to readmissions. ‘‘(iii) M
INIMIZING REPORTING BURDEN ON  
HOSPITALS .—In carrying out this subpara-graph, the Secretary shall not impose any additional reporting requirements on hos-pitals. ‘‘(iv) B
UDGET NEUTRAL DESIGN METHOD -
OLOGY .—The Secretary shall design the methodology to implement this subpara-graph so that the estimated total amount of reductions in payments under this sub-section equals the estimated total amount of reductions in payments that would otherwise occur under this subsection if this subpara-graph did not apply.’’. (b) S
UBSEQUENT ADJUSTMENTS BASED ON  IMPACT R
EPORTS .—Section 1886(q)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(q)(3)), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) C
HANGES IN RISK ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(i) C
ONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS IN  
IMPACT REPORTS .—The Secretary may take into account the studies conducted and the recommendations made by the Secretary under section 2(d)(1) of the IMPACT Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–185; 42 U.S.C. 1395lll note) with respect to the application under this subsection of risk adjustment meth-odologies. Nothing in this clause shall be construed as precluding consideration of the use of groupings of hospitals.’’. (c) M
EDPAC S TUDY ON READMISSIONS PRO-
GRAM .—The Medicare Payment Advisory Commission shall conduct a study to review overall hospital readmissions described in section 1886(q)(5)(E) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(q)(5)(E)) and whether such readmissions are related to any changes in outpatient and emergency services fur-nished. The Commission shall submit to Con-gress a report on such study in its report to Congress in June 2017. (d) A
DDRESSING ISSUE OF CERTAIN PA-
TIENTS .—Subparagraph (E) of section 1886(q)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(q)(3)), as added by subsection (b), is further amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATION OF EXCLUSION OF PA -
TIENT CASES BASED ON V OR OTHER APPRO -
PRIATE CODES .—In promulgating regulations to carry out this subsection with respect to discharges occurring after fiscal year 2018, the Secretary may consider the use of V or other ICD-related codes for removal of a re-admission. The Secretary may consider modifying measures under this subsection to incorporate V or other ICD-related codes at the same time as other changes are being made under this subparagraph.’’. (e) R
EMOVAL OF CERTAIN READMISSIONS .— Subparagraph (E) of section 1886(q)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(q)(3)), as added by subsection (b) and amended by subsection (d), is further amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) REMOVAL OF CERTAIN READMISSIONS .— In promulgating regulations to carry out this subsection, with respect to discharges occurring after fiscal year 2018, the Sec-retary may consider removal as a readmis-sion of an admission that is classified within one or more of the following: transplants, end-stage renal disease, burns, trauma, psy-chosis, or substance abuse. The Secretary may consider modifying measures under this subsection to remove readmissions at the same time as other changes are being made under this subparagraph.’’. 
SEC. 103. FIVE-YEAR EXTENSION OF THE RURAL COMMUNITY HOSPITAL DEM-ONSTRATION PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 410A of the Medi-care Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (Public Law 108– 173; 42 U.S.C. 1395ww note), as amended by sections 3123 and 10313 of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(5), by striking ‘‘5-year extension period’’ and inserting ‘‘10-year ex-tension period’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
IVE-YEAR’’ and inserting ‘‘T EN-YEAR’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘addi-tional 5-year’’ and inserting ‘‘additional 10- year’’; (C) by striking ‘‘5-year extension period’’ and inserting ‘‘10-year extension period’’ each place it appears; (D) in paragraph (4)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘each 5-year period in’’ after ‘‘hos-pital during’’; and (ii) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘each appli-cable 5-year period in’’ after ‘‘the first day of’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) O
THER HOSPITALS IN DEMONSTRATION  
PROGRAM .—During the second 5 years of the 10-year extension period, the Secretary shall apply the provisions of paragraph (4) to rural community hospitals that are not described in paragraph (4) but are participating in the demonstration program under this section as of December 30, 2014, in a similar manner as such provisions apply to rural community hospitals described in paragraph (4). ‘‘(6) E
XPANSION OF DEMONSTRATION PRO -
GRAM TO RURAL AREAS IN ANY STATE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, notwithstanding subsection (a)(2) or para-graph (2) of this subsection, not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, issue a solicitation for appli-cations to select up to the maximum number of additional rural community hospitals lo-cated in any State to participate in the dem-onstration program under this section for the second 5 years of the 10-year extension period without exceeding the limitation under paragraph (3) of this subsection. ‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In determining which rural community hospitals that submitted an application pursuant to the solicitation under subparagraph (A) to select for partici-pation in the demonstration program, the Secretary— ‘‘(i) shall give priority to rural community hospitals located in one of the 20 States with the lowest population densities (as deter-mined by the Secretary using the 2015 Statis-tical Abstract of the United States); and ‘‘(ii) may consider— ‘‘(I) closures of hospitals located in rural areas in the State in which the rural commu-nity hospital is located during the 5-year pe-riod immediately preceding the date of the enactment of this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) the population density of the State in which the rural community hospital is lo-cated.’’. (b) CHANGE IN TIMING FOR REPORT .—Sub- section (e) of such section 410A is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than 6 months after the completion of the demonstration program under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than August 1, 2018’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘such program’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the demonstration program under this section’’. 
SEC. 104. REGULATORY RELIEF FOR LTCHS. 
(a) T ECHNICAL CHANGE TO THE MEDICARE  L
ONG-TERM CAREHOSPITAL MORATORIUM EX-
CEPTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 114(d)(7) of the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Extension Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 1395ww note), as amend-ed by sections 3106(b) and 10312(b) of Public Law 111–148, section 1206(b)(2) of the Pathway for SGR Reform Act of 2013 (division B of Public Law 113–67), and section 112 of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, is amended by striking ‘‘The moratorium under paragraph (1)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘Any mora-torium under paragraph (1)’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect as if included in the enactment of section 112 of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014. (b) M
ODIFICATION TO MEDICARE LONG-TERM  C
ARE HOSPITAL HIGH COST OUTLIER PAY-
MENTS .—Section 1886(m) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(m)) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(7) T
REATMENT OF HIGH COST OUTLIER PAY -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) A
DJUSTMENT TO THE STANDARD FED -
ERAL PAYMENT RATE FOR ESTIMATED HIGH  
COST OUTLIER PAYMENTS .—Under the system described in paragraph (1), for fiscal years beginning on or after October 1, 2017, the Secretary shall reduce the standard Federal payment rate as if the estimated aggregate amount of high cost outlier payments for standard Federal payment rate discharges for each such fiscal year would be equal to 8 percent of estimated aggregate payments for standard Federal payment rate discharges for each such fiscal year. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION ON HIGH COST OUTLIER PAY -
MENT AMOUNTS .—Notwithstanding subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall set the fixed loss amount for high cost outlier payments such that the estimated aggregate amount of high cost outlier payments made for stand-ard Federal payment rate discharges for fis-cal years beginning on or after October 1, 2017, shall be equal to 99.6875 percent of 8 per-cent of estimated aggregate payments for standard Federal payment rate discharges for each such fiscal year. ‘‘(C) W
AIVER OF BUDGET NEUTRALITY .—Any reduction in payments resulting from the ap-plication of subparagraph (B) shall not be taken into account in applying any budget neutrality provision under such system. ‘‘(D) N
O EFFECT ON SITE NEUTRAL HIGH COST  
OUTLIER PAYMENT RATE .—This paragraph shall not apply with respect to the computa-tion of the applicable site neutral payment rate under paragraph (6).’’. 
SEC. 105. SAVINGS FROM IPPS MACRA PAY-FOR THROUGH NOT APPLYING DOCU-MENTATION AND CODING ADJUST-MENTS. 
Section 7(b)(1)(B)(iii) of the TMA, Absti-nence Education, and QI Programs Extension Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–90), as amended by section 631(b) of the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (Public Law 122–240) and section 414(1)(B)(iii) of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (Pub-lic Law 114–10), is amended by striking ‘‘an increase of 0.5 percentage points for dis-charges occurring during each of fiscal years 2018 through 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘an increase 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.004 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3472 June 7, 2016 
of 0.4590 percentage points for discharges oc-curring during fiscal year 2018 and 0.5 per-centage points for discharges occurring dur-ing each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. TITLE II—PROVISIONS RELATING TO MEDICARE PART B 
SEC. 201. CONTINUING MEDICARE PAYMENT UNDER HOPD PROSPECTIVE PAY-MENT SYSTEM FOR SERVICES FUR-NISHED BY MID-BUILD OFF-CAMPUS OUTPATIENT DEPARTMENTS OF PROVIDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1833(t)(21) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(t)(21)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘clause (ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘the subsequent provisions of this subparagraph’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new clauses: ‘‘(iii) D
EEMED TREATMENT FOR 2017 .—For purposes of applying clause (ii) with respect to applicable items and services furnished during 2017, a department of a provider (as so defined) not described in such clause is deemed to be billing under this subsection with respect to covered OPD services fur-nished prior to November 2, 2015, if the Sec-retary received from the provider prior to December 2, 2015, an attestation (pursuant to section 413.65(b)(3) of title 42 of the Code of Federal Regulations) that such department was a department of a provider (as so de-fined). ‘‘(iv) A
LTERNATIVE EXCEPTION BEGINNING  
WITH 2018 .—For purposes of paragraph (1)(B)(v) and this paragraph with respect to applicable items and services furnished dur-ing 2018 or a subsequent year, the term ‘off- campus outpatient department of a provider’ also shall not include a department of a pro-vider (as so defined) that is not described in clause (ii) if— ‘‘(I) the Secretary receives from the pro-vider an attestation (pursuant to such sec-tion 413.65(b)(3)) not later than December 31, 2016 (or, if later, 60 days after the date of the enactment of this clause), that such depart-ment met the requirements of a department of a provider specified in section 413.65 of title 42 of the Code of Federal Regulations; ‘‘(II) the provider includes such depart-ment as part of the provider on its enroll-ment form in accordance with the enroll-ment process under section 1866(j); and ‘‘(III) the department met the mid-build requirement of clause (v) and the Secretary receives, not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this clause, from the chief executive officer or chief operating officer of the provider a written certification that the department met such requirement. ‘‘(v) M
ID-BUILD REQUIREMENT DESCRIBED .— The mid-build requirement of this clause is, with respect to a department of a provider, that before November 2, 2015, the provider had a binding written agreement with an outside unrelated party for the actual con-struction of such department. ‘‘(vii) A
UDIT.—Not later than December 31, 2018, the Secretary shall audit the compli-ance with requirements of clause (iv) with respect to each department of a provider to which such clause applies. If the Secretary finds as a result of an audit under this clause that the applicable requirements were not met with respect to such department, the de-partment shall not be excluded from the term ‘off-campus outpatient department of a provider’ under such clause. ‘‘(viii) I
MPLEMENTATION .—For purposes of implementing clauses (iii) through (vii): ‘‘(I) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may implement such clauses by program instruction or otherwise. ‘‘(II) Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, shall not apply. ‘‘(III) For purposes of carrying out this subparagraph with respect to clauses (iii) and (iv) (and clause (vii) insofar as it relates to clause (iv)), $10,000,000 shall be available from the Federal Supplementary Medical In-surance Trust Fund under section 1841, to re-main available until December 31, 2018.’’; and (2) in subparagraph (E), by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) The determination of an audit under subparagraph (B)(vii).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall be effective as if included in the enactment of section 603 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74). 
SEC. 202. TREATMENT OF CANCER HOSPITALS IN OFF-CAMPUS OUTPATIENT DEPART-MENT OF A PROVIDER POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1833(t)(21)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(t)(21)(B)), as amended by section 201(a), is amended— (1) by inserting after clause (v) the fol-lowing new clause: ‘‘(vi) E
XCLUSION FOR CERTAIN CANCER HOS -
PITALS .—For purposes of paragraph (1)(B)(v) and this paragraph with respect to applicable items and services furnished during 2017 or a subsequent year, the term ‘off-campus out-patient department of a provider’ also shall not include a department of a provider (as so defined) that is not described in clause (ii) if the provider is a hospital described in sec-tion 1886(d)(1)(B)(v) and— ‘‘(I) in the case of a department that met the requirements of section 413.65 of title 42 of the Code of Federal Regulations after No-vember 1, 2015, and before the date of the en-actment of this clause, the Secretary re-ceives from the provider an attestation that such department met such requirements not later than 60 days after such date of enact-ment; or ‘‘(II) in the case of a department that meets such requirements after such date of enactment, the Secretary receives from the provider an attestation that such depart-ment meets such requirements not later than 60 days after the date such require-ments are first met with respect to such de-partment.’’; (2) in clause (vii), by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘Not later than 2 years after the date the Secretary receives an attestation under clause (vi) relating to compliance of a department of a provider with requirements referred to in such clause, the Secretary shall audit the compliance with such requirements with respect to the department.’’; and (3) in clause (viii)(III), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of carrying out this subparagraph with respect to clause (vi) (and clause (vii) insofar as it relates to such clause), $2,000,000 shall be available from the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund under section 1841, to remain available until expended.’’. (b) O
FFSETTING SAVINGS .—Section 1833(t)(18) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(t)(18)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, sub-ject to subparagraph (C),’’ after ‘‘shall’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) T
ARGET PCR ADJUSTMENT .—In applying section 419.43(i) of title 42 of the Code of Fed-eral Regulations to implement the appro-priate adjustment under this paragraph for services furnished on or after January 1, 2018, the Secretary shall use a target PCR that is 1.0 percentage points less than the target PCR that would otherwise apply. In addition to the percentage point reduction under the previous sentence, the Secretary may con-sider making an additional percentage point reduction to such target PCR that takes into account payment rates for applicable items and services described in paragraph (21)(C) other than for services furnished by hos-pitals described in section 1886(d)(1)(B)(v). In making any budget neutrality adjustments under this subsection for 2018 or a subse-quent year, the Secretary shall not take into account the reduced expenditures that result from the application of this subparagraph.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall be effective as if included in the enactment of section 603 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74). 
SEC. 203. TREATMENT OF ELIGIBLE PROFES-SIONALS IN AMBULATORY SURGICAL CENTERS FOR MEANINGFUL USE AND MIPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1848(a)(7)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 4(a)(7)(D)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘
HOSPITAL -BASED ELIGIBLE  
PROFESSIONALS ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘No payment’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘
HOSPITAL -BASED AND AMBULATORY SURGICAL  
CENTER -BASED ELIGIBLE PROFESSIONALS .— ‘‘(i) H
OSPITAL -BASED .—No payment’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new clauses: ‘‘(ii) A
MBULATORY SURGICAL CENTER - 
BASED .—Subject to clause (iv), no payment adjustment may be made under subpara-graph (A) for 2017 and 2018 in the case of an eligible professional with respect to whom substantially all of the covered professional services furnished by such professional are furnished in an ambulatory surgical center. ‘‘(iii) D
ETERMINATION .—The determination of whether an eligible professional is an eli-gible professional described in clause (ii) may be made on the basis of— ‘‘(I) the site of service (as defined by the Secretary); or ‘‘(II) an attestation submitted by the eligi-ble professional. Determinations made under subclauses (I) and (II) shall be made without regard to any employment or billing arrangement between the eligible professional and any other sup-plier or provider of services. ‘‘(iv) S
UNSET .—Clause (ii) shall no longer apply as of the first year that begins more than 3 years after the date on which the Sec-retary determines, through notice and com-ment rulemaking, that certified EHR tech-nology applicable to the ambulatory surgical center setting is available.’’. (b) C
ONTINUED APPLICATION OF CERTAIN  P
ROVISIONS UNDER MIPS.—Section 1848(o)(2)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(o)(2)(D)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The provisions of subparagraphs (B) and (D) of subsection (a)(7), including the application of clause (iv) of such subparagraph (D), shall apply to assessments of MIPS eligible profes-sionals under subsection (q) with respect to the performance category described in sub-section (q)(2)(A)(iv) in a manner similar to the manner in which such provisions apply with respect to payment adjustments made under subsection (a)(7)(A).’’. TITLE III—OTHER MEDICARE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 301. DELAY IN AUTHORITY TO TERMINATE CONTRACTS FOR MEDICARE ADVAN-TAGE PLANS FAILING TO ACHIEVE MINIMUM QUALITY RATINGS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Consistent with the studies provided under the IMPACT Act of 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–185), it is the intent of Congress— (1) to continue to study and request input on the effects of socioeconomic status and dual-eligible populations on the Medicare Advantage STARS rating system before re-forming such system with the input of stake-holders; and (2) pending the results of such studies and input, to provide for a temporary delay in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.004 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3473 June 7, 2016 
authority of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services (CMS) to terminate Medicare Advantage plan contracts solely on the basis of performance of plans under the STARS rating system. (b) D
ELAY IN MA C ONTRACT TERMINATION  A
UTHORITY FOR PLANS FAILING TOACHIEVE  M
INIMUM QUALITY RATINGS .—Section 1857(h) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 27(h)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) D
ELAY IN CONTRACT TERMINATION AU -
THORITY FOR PLANS FAILING TO ACHIEVE MIN -
IMUM QUALITY RATING .—During the period be-ginning on the date of the enactment of this paragraph and through the end of plan year 2018, the Secretary may not terminate a con-tract under this section with respect to the offering of an MA plan by a Medicare Advan-tage organization solely because the MA plan has failed to achieve a minimum qual-ity rating under the 5-star rating system under section 1853(o)(4).’’. 
SEC. 302. REQUIREMENT FOR ENROLLMENT DATA REPORTING FOR MEDICARE. 
Section 1874 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) R
EQUIREMENT FOR ENROLLMENT DATA R
EPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each year (beginning with 2016), the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on Medicare enrollment data (and, in the case of part A, on data on indi-viduals receiving benefits under such part) as of a date in such year specified by the Sec-retary. Such data shall be presented— ‘‘(A) by Congressional district and State; and ‘‘(B) in a manner that provides for such data based on— ‘‘(i) fee-for-service enrollment (as defined in paragraph (2)); ‘‘(ii) enrollment under part C (including separate for aggregate enrollment in MA–PD plans and aggregate enrollment in MA plans that are not MA–PD plans); and ‘‘(iii) enrollment under part D. ‘‘(2) F
EE-FOR-SERVICE ENROLLMENT DE -
FINED .—For purpose of paragraph (1)(B)(i), the term ‘fee-for-service enrollment’ means aggregate enrollment (including receipt of benefits other than through enrollment) under— ‘‘(A) part A only; ‘‘(B) part B only; and ‘‘(C) both part A and part B.’’. 
SEC. 303. UPDATING THE WELCOME TO MEDI-CARE PACKAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 12 months after the last day of the period for the re-quest of information described in subsection (b), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, taking into consideration in-formation collected pursuant to subsection (b), update the information included in the Welcome to Medicare package to include in-formation, presented in a clear and simple manner, about options for receiving benefits under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.), including through the original medicare fee-for-service program under parts A and B of such title (42 U.S.C. 1395c et seq., 42 U.S.C. 1395j et seq.), Medicare Advantage plans under part C of such title (42 U.S.C. 1395w–21 et seq.), and prescription drug plans under part D of such title (42 U.S.C. 1395w–101 et seq.)). The Secretary shall make subse-quent updates to the information included in the Welcome to Medicare package as appro-priate. (b) R
EQUEST FOR INFORMATION .—Not later than six months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall request informa-tion, including recommendations, from stakeholders (including patient advocates, issuers, and employers) on information in-cluded in the Welcome to Medicare package, including pertinent data and information re-garding enrollment and coverage for Medi-care eligible individuals. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. M
CDERMOTT ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5273. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Today I rise in support of H.R. 5273, the Helping Hospitals Improve Patient Care Act, or ‘‘HIP-C’’ Act. This bill truly represents a bipartisan effort, and I want to thank the distinguished gentleman from Washington State (Mr. M
CDERMOTT ) for working with me on this bill. The bill also fully represents what the Speaker has often called true regular order. Prior to introducing H.R. 5273, the Ways and Means Committee held three hearings on topics included in the bill during the 114th Congress, and the committee recently marked up the bill in a unanimous way. H.R. 5273 strikes the right balance of preserving site-neutral payment pol-icy, which I support, and providing es-sential relief for hospitals that were caught up in this policy change from last year’s budget deal. Specifically, this bill helps many hospitals around the country and in my State of Ohio, including a facility by OhioHealth and Nationwide Children’s Hospital that was started a year ago, last summer, and will benefit from full outpatient payments under the bill, as they had planned to when they dug the hole for their facility. Further, the James Cancer Hospital, part of my alma mater at Ohio State University, will have their cancer des-ignation protected under the bill, along with other designated cancer centers. The bill also touches on three very important themes in the Medicare pro-gram: One, giving providers regulatory relief; two, ensuring access in rural areas; and three, protecting Medicare beneficiaries’ access to that important service that people like my mom and dad count on. Under the topic of regulatory relief, we have included three Ways and Means member priorities: Representative D
IANE BLACK ’s bill that provides physicians who primarily practice medicine in ambulatory sur-gical centers relief in the electronic health records program; Representa-tive VERN BUCHANAN ’s bill, ensuring full access to Medicare advantage plans; and finally, Representative M
IKE K
ELLY ’s bill requiring fair and trans-parent reporting by congressional dis-trict on the enrollment of beneficiaries in both the traditional fee-for-service Medicare and Medicare Advantage pro-grams. All of these priorities have pre-viously passed the House during the 114th Session. Under the topic of access in rural areas, the bill allows for continuation and expansion of participation in the Rural Community Hospital Demonstra-tion Program. Championed by my col-leagues, Senator G
RASSLEY in the Sen-ate and Chairman D
ONYOUNG in the House, this policy is a continuation from the Medicare Modernization Act of 2003. Under the topic of beneficiary access in Medicare, the bill requires the Sec-retary to revise the pre-Medicare eligi-bility notification, adding greater transparency for beneficiaries, which was led by my colleagues, Dr. M
CDERMOTT and Representative P AT M
EEHAN . Finally, the bill includes two impor-tant Member priorities that advance important Medicare hospital issues. The first requires the Secretary to en-sure there is proper adjustment for so-cioeconomic factors. The gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
ENACCI ) has cham-pioned this issue for some time. Rep-resentative J
IMRENACCI ’s policy en-sures that the hospital readmissions program provides an apples-to-apples comparison based on the specific pa-tient population a hospital treats. The second priority, led by our Speaker, P
AULRYAN, is the establish-ment of a crosswalk of hospital codes. Back when Speaker R
YAN was the chairman of the Ways and Means Com-mittee, he actively pursued Medicare hospital issues. His crosswalk is an im-portant building block of a future sys-tem that promises to streamline the operation of hospital services. I encourage my colleagues to pass this legislation, send it to the Senate, and let’s get this to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today in support of the Helping Hospitals Improve Patient Care Act. This bill makes important changes that will help hospitals continue to provide high-quality care to patients as they implement the recent payment re-forms. This is bipartisan legislation unique in itself that I am happy to have introduced with the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ). I thank the chairman for his willing-ness to collaborate on this bill. I also thank the staff of the Ways and Means Committee for their hard work in help-ing us come to an agreement on lan-guage that Members of both parties 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.004 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3474 June 7, 2016 
can fully support. This final bill isn’t perfect, but it is truly a bipartisan product that reflects the spirit of com-promise. Whenever we head back to our dis-tricts, we all hear from our hospitals about the effects that our policies are having back home. Although we made a smart change to hospital payments when we passed the Bipartisan Budget Act last year, we are beginning to rec-ognize the unintended consequences of the legislation. We did not really ex-pect everything that is happening. Many hospitals that were in the proc-ess of constructing outpatient depart-ments will be hit with unexpected pay-ment cuts due to the BBA. In addition, many cancer hospitals would be harmed by the new payment rules. This bill fixes these problems in a narrowly tailored way that doesn’t undermine the goals of the BBA. Moving forward, hospitals will no longer be encouraged to consolidate by buying up physician practices for the purpose of billing Medicare at an in-flated rate. This is a good policy that is consistent with the recommendations of a GAO report that was released last year. But facilities that were under de-velopment when we passed the BBA, as well as cancer hospitals, will be pro-tected from these changes. This isn’t a giveaway to hospitals. The industry will pay the full cost. In addition, this bill makes refine-ments to the readmissions reduction program. To ensure that hospitals that serve a large number of low-income pa-tients are not unfairly penalized, the bill will require CMS to make apples- to-apples comparisons between similar facilities. As we await additional data that will soon be available thanks to the IMPACT Act, this will ensure that the hospitals are not hit with undeserved penalties due to a flawed methodology. Finally, I am happy that we are also able to come to an agreement on a bi-partisan improvement to the bene-ficiary enrollment process. Each year, thousands of people enroll in Medicare; and thanks to this bill, seniors will have more information about their benefit options when they become eli-gible for Medicare. Providing complete and easy-to-understand information is critical. The decisions that bene-ficiaries make when they enroll in Medicare have serious, long-term im-plications, including a potential life-time penalty if they fail to sign up for part B. This bill will also help bene-ficiaries make informed decisions by improving the Welcome to Medicare package. I, again, thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for working to-gether on this bill. I am pleased we were able to craft a bipartisan com-promise, and I look forward to con-tinuing to work together on these and other important issues in the weeks ahead. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ). (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, first I want to thank Chairman T
IBERI  for his kind work. We will miss the gentleman from Washington (Mr. M
CDERMOTT ), and I thank him for this bipartisan effort because this is a good bill and I strongly support it. This measure includes many impor-tant provisions as you have spoken about. But especially important to Alaska is section 103 language from legislation, H.R. 672, a 5-year extension of the Rural Community Hospital Dem-onstration Program. This demonstra-tion program has worked well and has come to the aid of seniors in Alaska and healthcare providers across rural America. Congress created the program to pro-vide increased Medicare reimburse-ments for hospitals across the Nation that are too large to be considered Critical Access Hospitals, but too small to be supported by traditional low Medicare margins on inpatient serv-ices. b1615 This program has helped three hos-pitals in Alaska: Central Peninsula of Soldotna, the Bartlett Regional Hos-pital in Juneau, and Mt. Edgecumbe in Sitka. These hospitals serve a wide va-riety of patients all across those vast areas. I do believe this is one of the better bipartisan efforts. Go back to the old days when we accomplished things to-gether by talking with one another. It is vital we pass this bipartisan legisla-tion and that the Senate act on it. I would suggest, respectfully, to both my chairman and ranking member, let’s talk to the Senate and see if we can’t get something done. Four hundred bills over there is wrong. This is one that shouldn’t be hung up. I urge all my colleagues to support the passage of this legislation. Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS). Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend and con-gratulate Chairman T
IBERI and Rank-ing Member M
CDERMOTT for having put together an outstanding piece of legis-lation. While we applaud it for being bipartisan, I applaud it because it is good. It actually helps to meet needs that exist. It protects hospitals and gives them the opportunity to provide a better level of patient care. I attended, just last week, the open-ing of an outpatient center that St. Bernard Hospital in the Englewood community of Chicago had put to-gether. Of course, everybody in the community was there because every-body recognized that inner-city hos-pitals, disproportionate share hos-pitals, and medical centers that are complex need all of the protection that they can get, and we need to have a better understanding of readmission policies and practices and why some are different than others. These gentlemen have put together a piece of legislation that all of us can be proud of. I strongly support it and thank them for their diligence, for their cooperation, and for their tre-mendous efforts to do a good bill. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from north-eastern Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ), a good friend, an important member of the Committee on Ways and Means, and a leader on the readmission policy deal-ing with hospitalization. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5273, the Helping Hos-pitals Improve Patient Care Act of 2016. I want to thank Chairman B
RADY  and my good friend and colleague, Sub-committee Chairman T
IBERI , for all their great work to advance this bill, which addresses many concerns in pay-ments to hospitals, and especially out-patient departments. I heard from many of the hospitals in northeast Ohio, including MetroHealth, about the impact this payment policy had on their new facility. I am happy we are able to correct these issues for those facilities already under construc-tion. I also want to thank my colleague from Ohio for including my bill, H.R. 1343—the Establishing Beneficiary Eq-uity in Hospital Readmission Pro-gram—in the underlying legislation. The Hospital Readmission Program was created due to concerns that too few resources were being spent on re-ducing acute care hospital readmis-sions. While we do want to make sure hos-pitals are reducing acute care readmis-sions, we also want to make sure we are not disproportionately penalizing those who see a large number of our most vulnerable patient populations, especially those teaching hospitals who see a large number of dual-eligible beneficiaries, low-income seniors, or young people with disabilities who are eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid who would have been unintentionally hurt under the current program. Again, I want to thank the chairman for working with me on this readmis-sion component of this bill, but also all of the other important provisions in-cluded in this legislation. These are commonsense, bipartisan reforms to improve our healthcare system. I urge all Members to support the Helping Hospitals Improve Patient Care Act of 2016. Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume to tell you a little bit about some of the hos-pital networks in my State of Ohio. Mr. R
ENACCI talked about some in northeastern Ohio that support this legislation. Let me just name a few hospitals in my State of Ohio that are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.011 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3475 June 7, 2016 
supportive of this legislation: Aultman, headquartered in his district in Can-ton; the Cleveland Clinic, Kettering Health Network in the Dayton area; Mercy Canton Sisters of Charity; MetroHealth System in Cleveland; OhioHealth, headquartered in Colum-bus; Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center in Columbus; the Uni-versity of Cincinnati Health System in Cincinnati; and University Hospitals, headquartered in Cleveland. As was mentioned, this legislation passed the Committee on Ways and Means in a bi-partisan manner. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, oc-casionally we have an extra minute on the floor, and it makes sense to ac-knowledge some people that we trust and rely upon and we don’t ever men-tion, so I would like to just say thank you to the Democratic staff: Sarah Levin, Melanie Egorin, Daniel Foster, JC Cannon, and Daniel Jackson; on the Republican side: Emily Murry, Lisa Grabert, Nick Uehlecke, Taylor Trott; to the staff at the CMS who helped put this bill together: Ira Burney, Anne Scott, Lisa Yen. And to the staff at legislative counsel: Ed Grossman—Ed has been there for as long as I have been here, so any bill that gets out of here without Ed looking at it is a pret-ty rare bill—and Jessica Shapiro is his assistant. The Congressional Budget Office gets in on these deals as well: Tom Bradley, Lori Housman, Kevin McNellis, and Jamease Kowalczyk. I am from Chi-cago. I should be able to pronounce a Polish name. We appreciate their hard work. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, let me just close by saying thank you to Dr. M
CDERMOTT . It has been enjoyable to work with his team, led by Amy, and we appreciate the bipartisanship. You mentioned all those names—stole my thunder—Emily and her team, and my staff, Whitney Koch Daffner and Abi-gail Finn, too, for yeoman’s work. Mr. Speaker, I urge a unanimous vote. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5273, the Helping Hospitals Improve Patient Care Act of 2016. First, I’d like to thank Chairman T
IBERI and Ranking Member M
CDERMOTT for their leader-ship on this important legislation. At the Ways and Means Committee, we are working to deliver health care solutions that will expand access, increase choices, and im-prove the quality of care for the American peo-ple. The Helping Hospitals Improve Patient Care Act helps advance all three of those goals. And the bill does so in a fiscally responsible manner that helps strengthen and preserve Medicare for the long-term. At its core, our bipartisan legislation is about supporting the delivery of high-quality, afford-able care to families and seniors throughout the country. It will especially help people who live in low-income and rural communities. Our bill includes straightforward solutions to help hospitals and health care providers tran-sition to—and preserve—the new site-neutral payment policies. This will give providers the certainty they need to best serve their pa-tients, now and into the future. This bill is an excellent illustration of what we can accomplish through regular order. It’s the product of many innovative solutions, pro-posed by many members on both sides of the aisle. The solutions in this bill will make a real dif-ference when it comes to the delivery of high- quality care for the people of our districts. In fact, the University of Texas’ MD Ander-son Cancer Center located in Houston has al-ready embraced this bill. MD Anderson offi-cials said, ‘‘This ensures our ability to continue providing the highest quality and level of can-cer care to patients in the communities we serve.’’ And MD Anderson is just one of many hos-pitals and cancer treatment centers throughout the country that we help with H.R. 5273. This bill is particularly personal for me be-cause it builds from the hospital discussion draft I released as Health Subcommittee Chairman back in November 2014. In the Helping Hospitals Improve Patient Care Act, we push forward two critical building blocks of that discussion draft. First, Speaker RYAN’s crosswalk bill that better coordinates care between inpatient and outpatient settings. Second, Congressman J
IMRENACCI ’s read- mission policy, which helps hospitals in low-in-come communities serve their patients. There are still many policies from our hos-pital discussion draft that are worthy of de-bate. We’ll continue to work with Members and stakeholders to pursue additional reforms that make our health care system work better for patients and providers in our communities. I’m grateful to all the members—on and off our committee—who worked hard to craft and advance the Helping Hospitals Improve Pa-tient Care Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5273, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SUPPORTING GOAL OF ENSURING ALL HOLOCAUST VICTIMS LIVE WITH DIGNITY, COMFORT, AND SECURITY Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res 129), expressing support for the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Germany to re-affirm its commitment to this goal through a financial commitment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: H. C ON. RES. 129 Whereas the annihilation of 6,000,000 Jews during the Holocaust and the murder of mil-lions of others by the Nazi German state constitutes one of the most tragic and hei-nous crimes in human history; Whereas hundreds of thousands of Jews survived persecution by the Nazi regime de-spite being imprisoned, subjected to slave labor, moved into ghettos, forced to live in hiding or under false identity, forced to live under curfew, or required to wear the ‘‘yel-low star’’; Whereas in fear of the oncoming Nazi Einsatzgruppen (‘‘Nazi Killing Squads’’) and the likelihood of extermination, hundreds of thousands of Jewish Nazi victims fled for their lives; Whereas whatever type of persecution suf-fered by Jews during the Holocaust, the com-mon thread that binds these Holocaust vic-tims is that they were targeted for extermi-nation and that they lived with a constant fear for their lives and the lives of their loved ones; Whereas Holocaust victims immigrated to the United States from Europe, the Middle East and North Africa, and the former Soviet Union from 1933 to today; Whereas it is estimated that there are at least 100,000 Holocaust victims living in the United States and approximately 500,000 liv-ing around the world today, including child survivors; Whereas tens of thousands of Holocaust victims are in their 80s or 90s or are more than 100 years in age, and the number of Hol-ocaust victims is diminishing; Whereas at least 50 percent of Holocaust victims alive today will pass away within the next decade, and those alive are becom-ing frailer and have increasing health and welfare needs; Whereas Holocaust victims throughout the world continue to suffer from permanent physical and psychological injuries and dis-abilities and live with the emotional scars of this systematic genocide against the Jewish people; Whereas many of the emotional and psy-chological scars of Holocaust victims are ex-acerbated in their old age, the past haunts and overwhelms many aspects of their lives when their health fails them; Whereas Holocaust victims suffer par-ticular trauma when their emotional and physical circumstances force them to leave the security of their own home and enter in-stitutional or other group living residential facilities; Whereas tens of thousands of Holocaust victims live in poverty, cannot afford and do not receive sufficient medical care, home care, mental health care, medicine, food, transportation, and other vital life-sus-taining services that allow them to live their final years with comfort and dignity; Whereas Holocaust victims often lack fam-ily support networks and require social worker-supported case management in order to manage their daily lives and access gov-ernment funded services; Whereas in response to a letter sent by Members of Congress to Germany’s Minister of Finance in December 2015 regarding in-creased funding for Holocaust victims, Ger-man officials acknowledged that ‘‘recent ex-perience has shown that the care financed by the German Government to date is insuffi-cient’’ and that ‘‘it is imperative to expand these assistance measures quickly given the advanced age of many of the affected per-sons’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.013 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3476 June 7, 2016 
Whereas German Chancellor Konrad Ade-nauer acknowledged in 1951 Germany’s re-sponsibility to provide moral and financial compensation to Holocaust victims world-wide; Whereas every successive German Chan-cellor has reaffirmed this position, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, who in 2007 re-affirmed that ‘‘only by fully accepting its en-during responsibility for this most appalling period and for the cruelest crimes in its his-tory, can Germany shape the future’’; Whereas in 2015 Chancellor Merkel’s spokesperson again confirmed ‘‘all Germans know the history of the murderous race mania of the Nazis that led to the break with civilization that was the Holocaust. . . we know that responsibility for this crime against humanity is German and very much our own’’; and Whereas Congress believes it is Germany’s moral and historical responsibility to com-prehensively, permanently, and urgently provide the resources for all Holocaust vic-tims’ medical, mental health, and long-term care needs: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That Congress— (1) acknowledges the financial and moral commitment of the Federal Republic of Ger-many over the past seven decades to provide a measure of justice for Holocaust victims; (2) supports the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims in the United States and around the world are able to live with dig-nity, comfort, and security in their remain-ing years; (3) applauds the nonprofit organizations and agencies that work tirelessly to honor and assist Holocaust victims in their com-munities; (4) acknowledges the ongoing process of ne-gotiations between the Federal Republic of Germany and the Conference on Jewish Ma-terial Claims Against Germany (Claims Con-ference) in order to secure funding for Holo-caust victims and for vital social services provided through nonprofit organizations and agencies around the world; (5) acknowledges that the Federal Republic of Germany and the Claims Conference have established a new high-level working group that will develop proposals for extensive as-sistance for homecare and other social wel-fare needs of Holocaust victims; (6) urges the working group to recognize the imperative of immediately and fully funding victims’ medical, mental health, and long-term care needs and to do so with full transparency and accountability to ensure all funds for Holocaust victims from the Fed-eral Republic of Germany are administered efficiently, fairly, and without delay; and (7) urges the Federal Republic of Germany to continue to reaffirm its commitment and fulfill its moral responsibility to Holocaust victims by ensuring that every Holocaust victim receives all of the prescribed medical care, home care, mental health care, and other vital services necessary to live in dig-nity and by providing, without delay, addi-tional financial resources to address the unique needs of Holocaust victims. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, first I would like to thank my good friend and south Flor-ida colleague, Mr. TEDDEUTCH , for his work on this resolution and for co-introducing it together. It is an impor-tant resolution, Mr. Speaker. I also want to thank our chairman, Chairman R
OYCE , and the ranking member, Mr. E
NGEL , for always working in a bipar-tisan manner, for recognizing the im-portance of this resolution, and for moving this bill out of our Committee on Foreign Affairs in an expeditious manner. This resolution, simply put, Mr. Speaker, urges Germany to honor its moral and historical obligations to Holocaust survivors and to provide for their unmet needs immediately and comprehensively. I know that for Mr. D
EUTCH and for me, this is an issue that deeply impacts many of our con-stituents in south Florida. There are just over 500,000 Holocaust survivors worldwide. About a quarter of that number live right here in the United States, with over 15,000 living in our south Florida communities, Mr. Speaker. I have had the honor and privilege to work closely with sur-vivors from south Florida, many of whom I have come to call dear friends: my friends David Mermelstein, David Schaecter, Herbie Karliner, Joe Sachs, and Alex Gross; and Jack Rubin, who has testified before Congress on issues related to Holocaust survivors, includ-ing a hearing that I chaired alongside Mr. D
EUTCH in the year 2014. There are also many more to thank, those who have made justice for Holo-caust survivors their life’s work, indi-viduals like Sam Dubbin, Mark Talis-man, and the list goes on and on, Mr. Speaker. It has been my close relationship with these individuals that has really helped me to understand the realities that survivors have endured during hu-manity’s darkest period and, unfortu-nately, the sad reality that they face today—today—Mr. Speaker, especially when it comes to their home healthcare needs, to their mental health needs, to their medical care needs. Do you know, Mr. Speaker, that nearly half of all survivors worldwide live at or below the poverty level? After going through what is almost in-describable horror, these survivors are living at or below the poverty level. Many survivors are unable to maintain even a modest and dignified standard of living: they lack funds for home care; they don’t have the money for medi-cine; they don’t have the funds for food; they can’t pay the utilities; and they can’t pay their rent. As Jack Rubin said before our subcommittee in the year 2014: the existing system has fallen tragically short of what sur-vivors need and deserve. The current funding and care deliv-ery systems are difficult for survivors to access, and they are severely under-funded. That is why it is so important that we pass this resolution and urge our friends in Germany, our good part-ners in Germany, to honor the obliga-tions and the commitments that they have made to provide for the needs of Holocaust survivors. German Governments have provided some support through income assist-ance programs and have doubled fund-ing for home care services in the past 5 years, so they are trying. They want to do better. In fact, even by Germany’s own admission, the care financed by the German Government to date has been insufficient for those in need of intensive long-term care. Mr. Speaker, because of the horrors that these survivors have endured and the emotional and physical scars they continue to carry with them, their medical, mental, and home care needs are far more complex, far more exten-sive than those of other elderly individ-uals. b1630 These survivors have endured the torture; they have endured the labor camps, experiments, the loss of loved ones, and even the loss of entire fami-lies. We owe these survivors the oppor-tunity to live out the remainder of their days in the dignity and comfort they deserve. Germany owes it to the survivors to alleviate and end the continuing inju-ries inflicted by the Nazi regime by finding a way to provide for all of their medical, mental health, and home care needs, directly and without delay. I urge my colleagues to join Mr. D
EUTCH and to join me in urging Ger-many to do the right thing, because time is of the essence. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this resolution. And I thank Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL for moving so quickly to pass this resolution through committee and bring it to the floor, be-cause time is, sadly, very much of the essence. Today we will vote on H. Con. Res. 129, which calls upon Germany to fully fund the needs of aging Holocaust sur-vivors. I want to thank my friend, Chairman Emeritus R
OS-LEHTINEN , for her steadfast leadership and for her longstanding commitment to cham-pioning the needs of Holocaust sur-vivors. More than anything else, I want to thank the survivors in south Florida and throughout the Nation. You are my constituents, my friends, and my heroes. This includes Jack Rubin, whose tireless advocacy through trips 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.006 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3477 June 7, 2016 
to Washington to educate and testify in Congress shaped this very effort; and Norman Frajman, whose dedication to educating students in our own commu-nity helped ensure that they will never forget. My friend, Congresswoman R
OS- L
EHTINEN , mentioned so many of the people that she is so close to. I want to thank her for giving me the oppor-tunity and the blessing of getting to know and spend time with David Schaecter, David Mermelstein, and others. It breaks my heart that today in the United States there are tens of thou-sands of survivors who live in poverty and cannot afford, and thus do not re-ceive, sufficient medical care, home care, and other vital life-sustaining services. Today we have an opportunity to send a clear message that these sur-vivors, who made it through the dark-est time in history, deserve to live out their lives with the dignity that they are so worthy of and have long been promised. Some of my colleagues might won-der: Why is this resolution needed? It is simple: Holocaust survivors are not receiving the care that they need. For decades, the German Govern-ment has remained committed to fund-ing survivor needs. This is something I know Chancellor Merkel cares a great deal about, as she has reaffirmed that commitment. But the survivor popu-lation is aging into their eighties, their nineties, and hundreds. Their needs are greater. Unfortunately, despite the payments of the German Government over dec-ades, significant gaps in survivor care remain. And German officials have ac-knowledged that shortfall. Right now there are special negotiations going on with the German Government. In the coming days, decisions will be made in Berlin that will determine whether or not survivors will receive the funding and the care that they so desperately need. But I am worried. I am worried that time is running out. I am worried that this is our last chance to ensure that, once and for all, survivors have what they need. Every survivor deserves to receive the care needed to live in com-fort. So many survivors are struggling. And, again, while we appreciate the decades-long commitment of the Ger-man Government, I am not certain that our ally, Germany, understands the scope of the true need—the needs that Chairman R
OS-LEHTINEN and I see in our communities in south Florida every day. That is why passing this res-olution here will send a message that is unmistakable; and that is that Con-gress is fully united. We stand at a decisive moment in the lives of our aging survivor population. Each month it seems that there is an-other funeral in my community and another survivor passes. So it is with a heavy heart that we must acknowledge that these current negotiations are likely the last opportunity for Ger-many to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of sur-vivors before it is too late. Mr. Speaker, the resolution before us today urges our German partners to fulfill the moral and financial commit-ment to the victims of the Holocaust. The shortfall is the most dramatic when it comes to home care. For sur-vivors, the need to stay in their homes as they age is critical. The thought of institutionalized care or being removed from their home is a devastatingly painful reminder of the past. As they age, they rely more on home care serv-ices. Under the current system, home care is capped so that even the most infirmed, isolated, and poor Nazi vic-tims can only receive a maximum of 25 hours of home care per week. That is 5 hours a day for 5 days a week. There is no funding for additional hours. In committee I spoke about my 91- year-old constituent who survived Ber-gen-Belsen. He fell and suffered a frac-ture. He requires assistance with all of the activities of daily living. He now needs round-the-clock care, but the current funding system does not pro-vide it. Many of those who survived also lack family support to help with transpor-tation to doctors’ appointments or help preparing meals. They deserve to have these most basic needs met. They de-serve to be able to access care for all of their mental and medical health needs. And they deserve our support. Today I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the passage of this resolution and for Germany to seize upon this opportunity to alleviate the suffering of survivors. While no amount of money can ever erase the horrors faced by Nazi victims, there is a moral responsibility to ensure that they can receive all of the vital services and medical care necessary to live out the remainder of their days with dignity. No more limitations on home care hours. Complete the negotiations. And fund the needs now, once and for all. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), my friend. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, T
EDDEUTCH , for his leadership, and also my good friend, I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , the Florida twins who have so steadfastly brought this matter of conscience and history to the floor of the House of Representa-tives. It was said about the Holocaust that ‘‘we should never forget’’ and ‘‘never again.’’ What a legacy it would be that those who survived the darkest chapter of human history should live out the remainder of their years in want—in want of basic medical care, in want of home health care and caregiving so that they can have dignity in their twi-light years. How can we ignore that plight? How can we say to that generation, You should go without? They are living reminders of the dark side of human nature and of how his-tory can go so terribly wrong. Hon-oring them with this resolution and en-gaging our partner, our ally, Germany, in this one last endeavor is a noble cause. I am pleased to support H. Con. Res. 129, and I applaud the leadership of my colleagues from Florida in reminding this House of the duty still in front of us. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today we are talking about the frailest people in our com-munity who have endured the worst, most unimaginable horrors. They are people whose entire families were de-stroyed. Mr. Speaker, Hitler tried to destroy them. He succeeded in killing millions, but his goal was genocide. His goal was to wipe the Jewish people from the face of the Earth. We can’t imagine the magnitude of that evil, but we have just a few years left with those who managed to sur-vive, to escape death—sometimes mul-tiple times—to endure concentration camps when everyone around them was sent to the gas chambers, and to flee death squads that roamed the Euro-pean countryside killing—and mass killings—again and again and again. For them to live through all of that, to survive all of that, should we tell them that we are sorry, we must cap the amount of care you can receive in your home? Or that the social service agencies and their employees and their volunteers who know what their cli-ents need should tell them to need less? Mr. Speaker, let’s pass this resolu-tion and tell every person sitting at the negotiating table in Berlin that we will not accept half measures. The Ger-man Government has reiterated its moral obligation to act. This resolu-tion calls for action. The time to act is now. Survivors of the Holocaust de-serve dignity. I would like to again thank my dear friend and fierce advocate for sur-vivors, Congresswoman ILEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN . We have stood together on their behalf for years. She is remark-ably committed to justice. Mr. Speaker, in closing, there are Holocaust survivors who are watching us now. When we pass this resolution, many will cry. They told me that. I cannot and I will not go back to south Florida on Friday and look into the eyes of these sweet people whom we are so fortunate to know, so privileged to have in our community, and tell them that Congress passed a resolution to make them feel better. They don’t need symbolism. What I will tell them is that the United States House of Representatives overwhelmingly spoke on their behalf— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.016 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3478 June 7, 2016 
a group that 80 years ago had no one speaking for them. And we expect the German Government to hear what we are saying. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I want to thank Mr. D
EUTCH and Mr. C
ONNOLLY . What a joy it has been for me to have worked with them, espe-cially with my twin. The poor guy. That was a low blow by Mr. C
ONNOLLY . Mr. D
EUTCH might not forgive him for that. But what heartfelt words from Mr. D
EUTCH . I thank him for that. We are indeed fortunate, Mr. Speak-er, that we have so many constituents in our districts for whom this issue is so important. We are blessed that we have so many Holocaust survivors in our districts. But, sadly, as Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and I have pointed out, time is of the essence. These survivors are passing away with-out the urgent care that they have been promised and without the com-forts that they need. So I want to close by saying, Mr. Speaker, just how important this measure is. Mr. D
EUTCH talked about how our constituents are watching in south Florida. And it is so true. How important it is that we send a clear message to the German Government that time is of the essence. For over 70 years, Holocaust sur-vivors have had to live with the painful memories and the toll that their expe-riences have had on their minds and their bodies. b1645 Successive German Governments have acknowledged Germany’s respon-sibility for the Nazi regime’s atroc-ities. Most recently, Chancellor Merkel’s office stated: ‘‘We know the responsibility for this crime against humanity is German and very much our own.’’ I agree with Chancellor Merkel’s of-fice. We don’t have time for negotia-tions, Mr. Speaker. How long will those negotiations take while, every day, yet another Holocaust survivor passes away. We don’t need Germany to engage with the bureaucratic nightmare that is the Claims Conference. This was a process that was set up to deal with these issues, but it has not worked out that way. Why add another layer to the process when Germany can and should provide this assistance directly? The proof that this Claims Con-ference process has been nothing short of an abject failure is that nearly half of the survivors today, Mr. Speaker, are living at or below the poverty level. Under this current system, many have died well before their time as a result of this current broken system, to say nothing about the fraud, the corrup-tion, and the embezzlement that has been documented. Mr. Speaker, the Claims Conference has failed to live up to its mandate to advocate and work on behalf of sur-vivors. The Claims Conference provides artificial caps on survivors’ needs. When those caps are reached, good luck. Just recently, a survivor from our own area right here in D.C. was told by a local service agency that the Claims Conference would no longer fund her Lifeline button. This woman lives alone, Mr. Speaker. She needs this service, but she was cut off. The Conference stops assistance for many, and many others receive no as-sistance at all, while their pleas fall on deaf ears. With the Claims Conference, there is no transparency, little accountability, and a shocking disregard for the actual survivors, themselves; but I believe Chancellor Merkel’s heartfelt expres-sion of concern about Germany’s re-sponsibility to survivors and her lead-ership on moral issues, and this will fi-nally resolve this longstanding tragedy for survivors. That is why our resolution, Mr. Speaker, to fund, directly, survivors’ needs is so important. We have seen what happens when the Claims Con-ference gets involved. Survivors are just not afforded the assistance they desperately need. So I urge my colleagues to join Mr. D
EUTCH and me in urging Germany to fund, directly and comprehensively, all of the needs of survivors like it has pledged. There is no time to waste. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman R
OS-LEHTINEN and Ranking Member D
EUTCH for their work on this resolution, and their continued work on Holocaust issues. The horrors wrought by the Nazi regime did not end when prisoners finally walked out from behind the barbed wire fences in 1945. Today, the after-effects of Hitler’s death camps still haunt the lives of those who survived. Tens of thousands of Holocaust survivors throughout the world live in poverty, forced to choose between feeding themselves and pur-chasing necessary medication. The problem is staggering. Five hundred thousand survivors remain—most of them in their 80s. Today, more than one in four lack sufficient access to the care they need to live their final years in comfort and in dignity. For decades, Germany has instituted and funded a number of aid programs in recogni-tion of its obligation to these survivors. How-ever, Germany’s own evaluations made clear that more needs to be done. We urge the German government to imme-diately and fully fund programming for victims’ medical, mental health, and long-term care needs. Time is of the essence. Every day that deci-sions are stalled, we lose another survivor, an-other story, another chance to show our re-spect for these individuals who have already endured what no one should. Today’s resolution recognizes the moral im-perative for us—all of us—to work to ensure a life of dignity, security, and comfort for Holo-caust survivors. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Con. Res. 129, urging the Federal Republic of Germany to further fulfill its commitment to support the welfare of Holocaust survivors by ensuring that they receive the medical, mental health, and long-term care they require. In 1952, the West German government con-cluded an agreement with representatives from major Jewish national and international organizations and the State of Israel to pro-vide indemnification and restitution directly to survivors of the Holocaust. This agreement re-flected an overdue but basic recognition at the time by many, including then-German Chan-cellor Konrad Adenauer who saw such restitu-tion as, quote, ‘‘easing the way to the spiritual settlement of infinite suffering.’’ Mr. Speaker, that infinite suffering inflicted by the genocidal Nazi regime continues to this day. It is a daily reality for the aging survivors of that infamous crime who live with the men-tal and sometimes physical consequences of being tortured and abused. There are over 500,000 Holocaust survivors living around the world today, and over 100,000 live here in the United States—wit-nesses to both the stunning evil and miracu-lous resilience of which humanity is capable. Their quiet presence in our midst is a treasure seldom sufficiently cherished. Today, as they age, they are increasingly in need of support and assistance that will allow them to live their remaining days with access to quality care and the peace that comes with it. Mr. Speaker, I support H. Con. Res 129 be-cause I think it is right that the Federal Repub-lic of Germany deliver direct support to Holo-caust survivors to guarantee that they live the rest of their lives with the dignity, comfort, and security that was deprived them decades ago. The resolution calls on the German govern-ment to make every effort—whether through direct assistance or negotiated arrange-ments—to support the medical, mental health, and long-term care needs of Holocaust vic-tims. This support would be fully consistent with the German government’s longstanding commitment to Holocaust survivors and it can-not wait. It is important, Mr. Speaker, to also note the important steps already taken by the Federal Republic of Germany and the tremendous ef-forts and achievements it has made in making amends for the genocide committed under the Nazi dictatorship. H. Con. Res. 129 urges Germany to continue on this path and as such deserves our support in the House. Finally, I would like to thank my friend and colleague Rep. I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , for intro-ducing this laudable resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution, H. Con. Res. 129, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.017 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3479 June 7, 2016 
CLARIFYING ELIGIBILITY OF LAND MANAGEMENT AGENCY TIME-LIMITED EMPLOYEES FOR PERMANENT APPOINTMENTS Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4906) to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the eligibility of employees of a land management agen-cy in a time-limited appointment to compete for a permanent appointment at any Federal agency, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4906 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ELIGIBILITY OF EMPLOYEES IN A TIME-LIMITED APPOINTMENT TO COMPETE FOR A PERMANENT AP-POINTMENT AT ANY FEDERAL AGEN-CY. 
Section 9602 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘any land management agency or any other agency (as defined in section 101 of title 31) under the internal merit promotion procedures of the applicable agency’’ and inserting ‘‘such land management agency when such agency is ac-cepting applications from individuals within the agency’s workforce under merit pro-motion procedures, or any agency, including a land management agency, when the agency is accepting applications from individuals outside its own workforce under the merit promotion procedures of the applicable agen-cy’’; and (2) in subsection (d) by inserting ‘‘of the agency from which the former employee was most recently separated’’ after ‘‘deemed a time-limited employee’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) and the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act enacted last year removed a barrier to the career advancement opportunities of long- serving temporary and seasonal em-ployees of land management agencies across the Federal Government. I want to thank my friend from Vir-ginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) for his com-panion work in the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. I am proud to not only support it, but I authored a similar measure in the na-tional defense authorization. The bill we are considering today makes a technical correction that is necessary due to recent guidance of the Office of Personnel Management, or OPM. H.R. 4906 clarifies that Congress intended to remove restrictions on temporary seasonal employees that would otherwise hinder their ability to compete for merit promotion vacancies open to other Federal employees. Seasonal work of land management agencies is accomplished by a mix of both permanent and temporary em-ployees. Before the Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act, regardless of how many seasons served, temporary employees could not compete for per-manent jobs under the merit pro-motion procedures available to other Federal employees. Under the bill en-acted last year, long-serving temporary employees were given this opportunity, and their employing agencies are pro-vided with better applicant pools as a result. For instance, experienced seasonal wildland firefighters are well qualified for permanent leadership roles within agencies that work to combat wildfires. Mr. Speaker, the Land Man-agement Workforce Flexibility Act rec-ognized their service as employees and afforded them opportunities for pro-motion. However, recent guidance from the Office of Personnel Management se-verely limits temporary employees’ ability to compete for permanent jobs. OPM’s guidance declares temporary employees eligible to compete for per-manent jobs only in situations where the hiring agency plans to prepare a list of candidates under merit pro-motion procedures and accepts applica-tions only from individuals inside its own workforce. This bill today makes a technical correction to clarify the temporary seasonal employees of land manage-ment agencies are eligible for the same opportunities for consideration under merit promotion procedures that apply to other Federal employees. The bill also makes clear that eligi-ble former employees are deemed to be employees of the agency from which they were most recently separated for instances where the position is limited to employees of the hiring agency. Mr. Speaker, this straightforward bill will help to establish a more effec-tive, efficient, and qualified Federal workforce. I thank the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Government Oper-ations, my friend, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), for authoring this key legislation. I would also like to highlight the great work of the chairman of the Sub-committee on Government Operations, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ), who is an original co-sponsor of H.R. 4906 and cares deeply about remedying this situation. I support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my friend and colleague from Oklahoma for his leadership and his support on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of a bipartisan bill, H.R. 4906, which I am pleased to cosponsor with Chair-man MEADOWS of the Government Op-erations Subcommittee. This simple bill makes, as my friend indicated, a technical correction to bi-partisan legislation known as the Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act, on which I was pleased to work with the committee in passing into law just last year. That bill originally passed the House by a voice vote and then went on to pass the Senate by unanimous consent. As my colleagues will recall, that bill was intended to give temporary seasonal employees an opportunity to compete for permanent full-time employment within all agen-cies across the entire Federal Govern-ment. Merit promotion procedures provide an important career advancement path for Federal employees, and many nonentry-level jobs are filled using this process. Yet, no matter how long an in-dividual has served, temporary sea-sonal employees never get access to merit promotion procedures. Now, who are those people? Those are men and women on the front line of wildfires in the West, who put their lives on the line to contain forest fires during the fire season out west—dan-gerous work, arduous work. We are simply trying to give them a fair shake, a fair shake that is available to all other Federal employees. This was intended to put them on an equal foot-ing for vacant jobs in the civil service, including permanent seasonal jobs. God knoweth why, but the Office of Personnel Management recently issued guidance to the agency, based on a nar-row reading never intended by our committee or by this Congress, of the legislative language that would actu-ally limit the positions to which these temporary employees may apply to just those within the current agency. That was never the intent of this Con-gress, and I, frankly, feel, if you looked at the legislative history both in com-mittee and on the floor, that would have been clear. Our bill, which reflects a collabo-rative effort with the majority and mi-nority, as well as with OPM and em-ployee groups such as the National Federation of Federal Employees, clarifies the intent, I hope, once and for all. The barrier to merit promotion faced by our temporary seasonal employees demoralizes the dedicated and coura-geous corps that serves in land man-agement agencies, contributes to in-creased attrition, and ultimately leads to higher training costs and a less-ex-perienced, capable workforce. Last year, Mr. Speaker, a record 10 million acres burned across these United States, about 4 million more than average. In Arizona alone, 294 fires burned in the first quarter of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.019 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3480 June 7, 2016 
year, double that of the same period last year. Our country cannot afford to degrade its wildland firefighting and emergency response capabilities. An individual that successfully com-petes for a vacant permanent posi-tion—we are not creating new ones— under the clarified intent of this bill would, upon appointment, become a ca-reer-conditional employee—unless the employee had otherwise completed service requirements for career ten-ure—and acquire competitive status upon appointment. H.R. 4906 defines land management agencies to include the Forest Service, Bureau of Land Management, National Park Service, Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, Bureau of Reclamation, and Bu-reau of Indian Affairs. The legislative fix will finally give temporary seasonal firefighters and other land management temporary sea-sonal employees the chance to compete for vacant permanent positions, sea-sonal or full-time, under the same merit promotion procedures available to other Federal employees. Last year, I stated that our bipar-tisan bill was consistent with OPM’s support for the concept that ‘‘long- term temporaries who have dem-onstrated their abilities on the job should not have to compete with the public for permanent vacancies.’’ Despite their misinterpretation of H.R. 1531, the original land manage-ment bill, I remain confident OPM still supports that sentiment. In closing, I strongly urge my col-leagues to support the bipartisan Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act, ensuring that our Nation’s hard-working, temporary, seasonal employ-ees may compete to serve the Amer-ican people on a permanent basis, if they so choose. That will improve gov-ernment efficiency and effectiveness and, I believe, provide a safety valve when it comes to the fire season out west. But it is simply the right thing to do, in the final analysis, on behalf of this dedicated workforce. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4906. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. b1700 MAKING ELECTRONIC GOVERN-MENT ACCOUNTABLE BY YIELD-ING TANGIBLE EFFICIENCIES ACT OF 2016 Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4904) to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to issue a directive on the management of software licenses, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4904 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Making Electronic Government Accountable By Yielding Tangible Efficiencies Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘MEGABYTE Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. OMB DIRECTIVE ON MANAGEMENT OF SOFTWARE LICENSES. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget; and (2) the term ‘‘executive agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 105 of title 5, United States Code. (b) OMB D
IRECTIVE .—The Director shall issue a directive to require the Chief Infor-mation Officer of each executive agency to develop a comprehensive software licensing policy, which shall— (1) identify clear roles, responsibilities, and central oversight authority within the executive agency for managing enterprise software license agreements and commercial software licenses; and (2) require the Chief Information Officer of each executive agency to— (A) establish a comprehensive inventory, including 80 percent of software license spending and enterprise licenses in the exec-utive agency, by identifying and collecting information about software license agree-ments using automated discovery and inven-tory tools; (B) regularly track and maintain software licenses to assist the executive agency in im-plementing decisions throughout the soft-ware license management life cycle; (C) analyze software usage and other data to make cost-effective decisions; (D) provide training relevant to software license management; (E) establish goals and objectives of the software license management program of the executive agency; and (F) consider the software license manage-ment life cycle phases, including the requisi-tion, reception, deployment and mainte-nance, retirement, and disposal phases, to implement effective decisionmaking and in-corporate existing standards, processes, and metrics. (c) R
EPORT ON SOFTWARE LICENSE MANAGE -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning in the first fis-cal year beginning after the date of enact-ment of this Act, and in each of the fol-lowing 5 fiscal years, the Chief Information Officer of each executive agency shall submit to the Director a report on the financial sav-ings or avoidance of spending that resulted from improved software license manage-ment. (2) A
VAILABILITY .—The Director shall make each report submitted under paragraph (1) publically available. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) and the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ART-
WRIGHT ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ) on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee for introducing H.R. 4904, the Making Electronic Government Ac-countable By Yielding Tangible Effi-ciencies Act of 2016, or the MEGABYTE Act of 2016, to improve the Federal Government’s management of software licenses. I am a proud cosponsor of this straightforward legislation. Importantly, this bill is the House companion to Senator C
ASSIDY ’s own MEGABYTE Act, S. 2340, and I am glad to see this proposal has found bipar-tisan support in both Chambers and has moved forward. H.R. 4904 requires the Chief Informa-tion Officer for each Federal agency to maintain a software license inventory as well as analyze the use of software to inform decisionmaking. Mr. Speaker, the Government Ac-countability Office has expressed re-peated concerns on software license management and its costs. In fact, the Government Accountability Office, or GAO, listed IT software license man-agement as a potential cost savings area on its 2015 duplication report. In our never-ending effort to cut waste, I agree with the GAO that it believes im-plementing sound, comprehensive soft-ware management policies has already achieved at least $250 million in sav-ings to the Federal Government. But there is more work to be done. There are other savings that the government could and should be capturing. A 2014 GAO report found that only 2 of 24 major agencies had comprehen-sive software licensing policies in place. In fact, only 2 of the 24 agencies had comprehensive license inventories. Agencies cannot effectively manage the software licenses they have if they don’t know what they have in the first place. Maintaining a thorough inventory is vital to ensure that agencies make cost-effective decisions with respect to software licensing and avoid duplica-tive measures. The MEGABYTE Act will force agen-cies to focus on their software license policies and their inventories, leading to savings to the American taxpayer. These are straightforward steps that should already be happening, and this bill ensures that they will. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.020 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3481 June 7, 2016 
This legislation is about responsible stewardship of the tax dollars of hard-working Americans. I thank my friend, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , and also Senator C AS-
SIDY for their collective work on the MEGABYTE Act. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to not only support this legislation, but all legislation in our continued quest to cut waste in government. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4904, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me first begin by thanking our chairman of the Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee, J
ASON CHAFFETZ , for bringing this bill forward for a vote. I also want to thank the gentleman from Mary-land, E
LIJAH CUMMINGS , my friend and the ranking member; as well as the other two lead cosponsors who are here, Congressman W
ILLHURDof Texas and Congressman S
TEVE RUSSELL of Oklahoma who just spoke for their sup-port. Additionally, I also want to join him in thanking Senator B
ILLCASSIDY — lately our colleague here in the House, but now over in the minor leagues—for his support and his authorship of this bill. Mr. Speaker, we are always looking for ways to curb waste in the Federal Government, and sometimes it is sur-prising the places you find it. It is a changing world. Fifty years ago, no-body used the acronym IT, but now they do, and there is waste to be found in the IT procurement mechanism. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Govern-ment spends $82 billion a year on infor-mation technology. Right now, for the second year in a row, our GAO has identified IT software license manage-ment as a top priority in its annual du-plication report. A duplication report is something that is really good at identifying waste because duplication means what it says: you are dupli-cating purchases in the Federal Gov-ernment. Of the 24 major Federal agencies, as you just heard, only two have imple-mented policies of comprehensive and clear management of software licenses. It is like this: anybody in the private sector knows that when you go to buy a suite of software from a major ven-dor, they sell it in blocks with a price point. So you might buy a block of 25 copies of a particular brand of software even though your office only needs 19 copies. That means you have six extra licenses left over. The Federal Government buys soft-ware the same way. What we found is they are not doing a good enough job of keeping track of the unused licenses. This bill codifies current administra-tion efforts to do things like that to save the Federal taxpayers their tax dollars. Right now none of the 24 agencies have fully implemented all of these in-dustry best practices recommended by the GAO, and that ends now with this legislation. The Making Electronic Government Accountable By Yielding Tangible Effi-ciencies Act, the MEGABYTE Act, is comprised of necessary reforms to the Federal Government’s management of IT software licenses. In particular, the MEGABYTE Act achieves cost savings by seven action items: Number one, it requires the Office of Management and Budget to issue direc-tives requiring agencies to identify clear roles, responsibilities, and cen-tral oversight authority for managing IT software licenses; Number two, it requires having agen-cies establish comprehensive records of software license spending and inven-tories of enterprise licenses in the agency, as I just mentioned; Number three, regularly track and efficiently and effectively utilize soft-ware licenses to assist the executive agency in implementing decisions throughout the software license man-agement life cycle; Number four, analyze software usage and other data to make cost-effective decisions in the purchase of software; Number five, provide relevant train-ing for software license management; Number six, establish broad objec-tives and targeted implementation strategies of the software license man-agement program of the agency; And, finally, number seven, consider the software license management life cycle phases, including the requisition, reception, deployment and mainte-nance, retirement, and disposal phases in order to implement effective deci-sionmaking, again, in the purchase and handling of software. The GAO found that when imple-menting these oversight and manage-ment practices reflected in the MEGA-BYTE Act, a Federal agency—one Fed-eral agency—saved 181 million tax dol-lars in a single year. Enacting MEGA-BYTE across the entire executive branch promises potentially yielding billions of savings to the American tax-payer footing the bill for all of this. Mr. Speaker, improving the manage-ment of agency contracts and licensing for commercial software is critical to ensuring the procurement process works effectively for both the Federal Government and industry that provides the software. An obvious example of how effective software management could save not only dollars and cents, but improve the lives of Americans is in the health records of our servicemembers. Mr. Speaker, the Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform Committee has held hearings on the failure by the Depart-ment of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs to implement a fully integrated electronic health record system for our Active Duty soldiers and our veterans. As early as 1998, DOD and VA began an effort to create health records that could work to-gether, with an initiative to create a joint system—an integrated electronic health record system. But after nearly two decades and spending over $560 mil-lion toward that effort, DOD and VA ditched the plan and continued on with their separate systems. Now, our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines who are making their transition from DOD to VA health care are told to print out hard copies of their medical records and bring them to the VA. That is an enormous sum of money to have spent with absolutely nothing to show for it. Mr. Speaker, it is my hope that the MEGABYTE Act is the first in a series of steps we can take to minimize wasteful software spending and to pro-mote efficient procurement of tech-nology. Our software and technology must promote interoperability across multiple platforms—and this starts with effective decisionmaking. By en-couraging the use of open standards that are technology neutral, we can en-courage innovation when we create connected, interoperable components and systems, driving down costs and avoiding unnecessary lock-in to any one particular technology platform. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the bipar-tisan and bicameral effort behind this bill. I thank, again, our chairman, J
ASON CHAFFETZ , for advancing the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD), my friend and colleague. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Government spends more than $80 billion a year on IT procurement, and 80 percent of that is on legacy sys-tems, old and outdated systems that all of us would think should be gone. Every time I hear this stat, I get upset because it is outrageous. This is a waste of Americans’ hard-earned tax dollars. In 2015, the Office of Management and Budget noted that Federal agencies spent about $9 billion on software li-censes alone. But guess what? Many agencies are not managing these soft-ware licenses properly. I know—nobody is surprised. The Government Accountability Of-fice did a report last year that ex-plained agencies could achieve hun-dreds of millions of dollars in govern-mentwide savings if they managed their software licenses better. Agencies should already have a comprehensive inventory of what software they use. Agencies should already be utilizing their spending power to get good deals on software licenses. Agencies should already be getting rid of old software they don’t use. But this isn’t hap-pening, so Congress is acting. In 2015, Congress passed landmark IT reform legislation called FITARA, which gave agency CIOs greater au-thority over IT decisions and changed the way that the Federal Government procures technology. The MEGABYTE Act, H.R. 4904, builds upon the important work that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.024 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3482 June 7, 2016 
FITARA started. When enacted, this bill would require CIOs to develop com-prehensive inventories on their soft-ware license agreements. Additionally, this measure would require agency CIOs to provide OMB with annual re-ports on any realized savings, which OMB must make publicly available. It is simple, it is straightforward, and it makes sense. IT procurement is not a sexy topic. Nobody goes to a rally for IT procurement. But getting this right will save money, and when we cut waste, we allow hardworking Ameri-cans to keep more of their money in their own pockets. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his leadership on this issue, and I look forward to continuing our work together. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4904. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY .) Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ) especially for his leadership on this bill, the MEGA-BYTE Act. Mr. Speaker, as has been indicated, we spend over $80 billion a year on IT procurement across the Federal Gov-ernment, 80 percent of which maybe is used to maintain old and legacy sys-tems, some of those systems going back to the 1960s. We are still funding COBOL, DOS, and many multiple sys-tems that aren’t integrated and aren’t interoperable. b1715 My friend, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , gave what I think is one of the most glaring examples of how, even when we move to update, because of the stovepipe na-ture of decisionmaking all too often in the Federal Government, bad decisions get made. The Pentagon has one system for medical recordkeeping and the Vet-erans Administration has another. When one individual moves from Ac-tive Duty to retired status, they have to take their records with them, phys-ically, because the two systems, up-graded recently, are not compatible. A third procurement contract had to be issued for the private sector to try to see if they could bridge these two sys-tems, and the taxpayer had to pay a third time. Why couldn’t we get that right the first time? Making sure these investments serve the purpose for which they are in-tended is really critical. This act helps codify that. My friend, Mr. H
URDfrom Texas, was gracious in bringing up the FITARA, the Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act, which I think sets the construct, the structure, for every Federal agency to modernize itself to improve efficiency, to stream-line management, and to make sure that these investments are efficacious. The MEGABYTE Act is a wonderful complement to that when it comes to software. I think it will help transform how the Federal Government procures and manages its information tech-nology portfolio. I urge its passage, and I am proud to be an original cosponsor. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I urge my fellow Members of the United States House of Representatives to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4904, a common-sense, bipartisan, bicameral effort to save the American taxpayers money in the purchase of software. It is our chance to nip this problem in the bud before it gets bigger and bigger and bigger. It is an opportunity to save a whopping amount of money for the American taxpayer. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I also urge not only support and adoption of this bill, but I think it is crucial, as we continue to fight and combat waste in government, that we look at measures that are so ripe and so effective, if we pass them, that they will have an immediate impact on tax dollars that are wasted. Here we have a measure that literally will save bil-lions of dollars in the very short term. It is very, very important that we pass it. I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4904. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
EASTERN NEVADA LAND IMPLE-MENTATION IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1815) to facilitate certain pinyon- juniper related projects in Lincoln County, Nevada, to modify the bound-aries of certain wilderness areas in the State of Nevada, and to provide for the implementation of a conservation plan for the Virgin River, Nevada, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1815 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Eastern Nevada Land Implementation Improvement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FACILITATION OF PINYON-JUNIPER RE-LATED PROJECTS IN LINCOLN COUNTY, NEVADA. 
(a) F ACILITATION OF PINYON -JUNIPER RE-
LATED PROJECTS .— (1) AVAILABILITY OF SPECIAL ACCOUNT UNDER  
LINCOLN COUNTY LAND ACT OF 2000 .—Section 5(b) of the Lincoln County Land Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–298; 114 Stat. 1048) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘and im-plementation’’ after ‘‘development’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) development and implementation of com-prehensive, cost-effective, and multijuris-dictional hazardous fuels reduction projects and wildfire prevention planning activities (particu-larly for pinyon-juniper dominated landscapes) and other rangeland and woodland restoration projects within the County, consistent with the Ely Resource Management Plan or a subsequent amendment to the plan; and’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—Establish- ment of cooperative agreements between the Bu-reau of Land Management and the County shall be required for any County-provided law en-forcement and planning related activities ap-proved by the Secretary regarding— ‘‘(A) wilderness in the County designated by the Lincoln County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act of 2004 (Public Law 108– 424; 118 Stat. 2403); ‘‘(B) cultural resources identified, protected, and managed pursuant to that Act; ‘‘(C) planning, management, and law enforce-ment associated with the Silver State OHV Trail designated by that Act; and ‘‘(D) planning associated with land disposal and related land use authorizations required for utility corridors and rights-of-way to serve land that has been, or is to be, disposed of pursuant to that Act (other than rights-of-way granted pursuant to that Act) and this Act.’’. (2) A
VAILABILITY OF SPECIAL ACCOUNT UNDER  
LINCOLN COUNTY CONSERVATION , RECREATION , 
AND DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2004 .—Section 103 of the Lincoln County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act of 2004 (Public Law 108– 424; 118 Stat. 2406) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(3)— (i) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) development and implementation of com-prehensive, cost-effective, and multijuris-dictional hazardous fuels reduction and wildfire prevention planning activities (particularly for pinyon-juniper dominated landscapes) and other rangeland and woodland restoration projects within the County, consistent with the Ely Resource Management Plan or a subsequent amendment to the plan.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—Establish- ment of cooperative agreements between the Bu-reau of Land Management and the County shall be required for any County-provided law en-forcement and planning related activities ap-proved by the Secretary regarding— ‘‘(1) wilderness in the County designated by this Act; ‘‘(2) cultural resources identified, protected, and managed pursuant to this Act; ‘‘(3) planning, management, and law enforce-ment associated with the Silver State OHV Trail designated by this Act; and ‘‘(4) planning associated with land disposal and related land use authorizations required for utility corridors and rights-of-way to serve land that has been, or is to be, disposed of pursuant to this Act (other than rights-of-way granted pursuant to this Act) and the Lincoln County Land Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–298; 114 Stat. 1046).’’. (b) D
ISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS .— (1) D
ISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS UNDER LINCOLN  
COUNTY LAND ACT OF 2000 .—Section 5(a)(2) of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.025 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3483 June 7, 2016 
Lincoln County Land Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–298; 114 Stat. 1047) is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Lincoln County Regional Development Authority’’ after ‘‘schools’’. (2) D
ISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS UNDER LINCOLN  
COUNTY CONSERVATION , RECREATION , AND DEVEL -
OPMENT ACT OF 2004 .—Section 103(b)(2) of the Lincoln County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–424; 118 Stat. 2405) is amended by striking ‘‘and transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘transportation, and the Lincoln County Regional Development Authority or any other County economic devel-opment organization’’. (c) R
EALIGN A PORTION OF THE LCCRDA U
TILITY CORRIDOR .—Section 301(a) of the Lin-coln County Conservation, Recreation, and De-velopment Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–424; 118 Stat. 2413) establishes a 2,640-foot wide utility corridor as depicted on a map dated October 1, 2004. The Secretary of the Interior shall realign a portion of the corridor by removing the des-ignation in sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 14, and 15, T. 7 N., R. 68 E. and realigning the corridor to sections 31, 32, and 33, T. 8 N., R. 68 E.; sec-tions 4, 5, and 6, T. 7 N., R. 68 E.; and sections 1 and 12, T. 7 N., 67 E. as shown on the October 1, 2004, map. (d) F
INAL CORRECTIVE PATENT IN CLARK  C
OUNTY , NEVADA .— (1) V
ALIDATION OF PATENT .—Patent number 27-2005-0081 issued by the Bureau of Land Man-agement on February 18, 2005, is affirmed and validated as having been issued pursuant to, and in compliance with, the Nevada-Florida Land Exchange Authorization Act of 1988 (Pub-lic Law 100–275; 102 Stat. 52), the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), and the Federal Land Policy and Man-agement Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) for the benefit of the desert tortoise, other species, and the habitat of the desert tortoise and other species to increase the likelihood of the recovery of the desert tortoise and other species. (2) R
ATIFICATION OF RECONFIGURATION .—The process used by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the Bureau of Land Man-agement in reconfiguring the land described in paragraph (1), as depicted on Exhibit 1-4 of the Final Environmental Impact Statement for the Planned Development Project MSHCP, Lincoln County, NV (FWS-R8-ES-2008-N0136) and the reconfiguration provided for in Special Condi-tion 10 of the Army Corps of Engineers Permit No. 000005042 are ratified. (e) F
INAL LANDRECONFIGURATION IN LINCOLN  C
OUNTY , NEVADA .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map prepared by the Bureau of Land Management entitled ‘‘Proposed Lincoln County Land Recon-figuration’’ and dated January 28, 2016. (B) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the Bureau of Land Management. (2) I
SSUANCE OF LINCOLN COUNTY CORRECTIVE  
PATENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may issue a corrective patent for 7,548 acres of land in Lin-coln County, Nevada, that is depicted on the Map. (B) A
PPLICABLE LAW .—A corrective patent issued under subparagraph (A) shall be consid-ered to have been issued pursuant to, and in compliance with, the Nevada-Florida Land Ex-change Authorization Act of 1988 (Public Law 100–275; 102 Stat. 52). 
SEC. 3. MT. MORIAH WILDERNESS, HIGH SCHELLS WILDERNESS, AND ARC DOME WIL-DERNESS BOUNDARY ADJUST-MENTS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO THE PAMWHITE WILDER -
NESS ACT.—Section 323 of the Pam White Wil-derness Act of 2006 (16 U.S.C. 1132 note; Public Law 109–432; 120 Stat. 3031) is amended by strik-ing subsection (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(e) M
T. MORIAH WILDERNESS ADJUSTMENT .— The boundary of the Mt. Moriah Wilderness es-tablished under section 2(13) of the Nevada Wil-derness Protection Act of 1989 (16 U.S.C. 1132 note; Public Law 101–195) is adjusted to in-clude— ‘‘(1) the land identified as the ‘Mount Moriah Wilderness Area’ and ‘Mount Moriah Additions’ on the map entitled ‘Eastern White Pine Coun-ty’ and dated November 29, 2006; and ‘‘(2) the land identified as ‘NFS Lands’ on the map entitled ‘Proposed Wilderness Boundary Adjustment Mt. Moriah Wilderness Area’ and dated June 18, 2014. ‘‘(f) HIGH SCHELLS WILDERNESS ADJUST -
MENT .—The boundary of the High Schells Wil-derness established under subsection (a)(11) is adjusted to include the land identified as ‘In-clude as Wilderness’ on the map entitled ‘McCoy Creek Adjustment’ and dated November 3, 2014, and to exclude the land identified as ‘NFS Lands’ on the map entitled ‘Proposed Wilder-ness Boundary Adjustment High Schells Wilder-ness Area’ and dated June 17, 2014.’’. (b) A
MENDMENTS TO THE NEVADA WILDERNESS  P
ROTECTION ACT OF 1989.—The Nevada Wilder-ness Protection Act of 1989 (16 U.S.C. 1132 note; Public Law 101–195; 103 Stat. 1784) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 12. ARC DOME BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT. 
‘‘The boundary of the Arc Dome Wilderness established under section 2(2) is adjusted to ex-clude the land identified as ‘Exclude from Wil-derness’ on the map entitled ‘Arc Dome Adjust-ment’ and dated November 3, 2014.’’. 
SEC. 4. IMPLEMENTATION OF CONSERVATION PLAN, VIRGIN RIVER, NEVADA. 
Section 3(d)(3)(B) of Public Law 99–548 (100 Stat. 3061; 116 Stat. 2018) is amended by striking ‘‘development of a multispecies habitat con-servation plan for’’ and inserting ‘‘development and implementation of a conservation plan to benefit fish and wildlife species of’’. 
SEC. 5. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT. 
Section 3(f)(2)(B) of Public Law 99-548 (100 Stat. 3061) is amended by striking ‘‘(v) Sec. 7.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Nevada? There was no objection. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. H.R. 1815, the Eastern Nevada Land Implementation Improvement Act, which I introduced last year, makes several changes to the existing Federal land laws. The bill authorizes haz-ardous fuels reduction projects and wildfire planning for rangeland and woodland restoration projects in Lin-coln County, Nevada. These projects will help reduce the risk of cata-strophic wildfire and improve and pro-tect habitat for the greater sage- grouse. The bill also authorizes the imple-mentation of a conservation plan in Nevada’s Virgin River region. In 2002, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service re-quired the city of Mesquite to create a conservation plan to protect several species in the Lower Virgin River Basin before moving ahead with two land acquisitions. The city planned to use these funds from the Mesquite Lands Act, a law passed by Congress in 1986 that allowed the city to acquire and develop lands from the Federal Government, to complete the plan. FWS signed a memorandum of agree-ment with the city of Mesquite to carry out the law. This agreement expired in 2014. The Fish and Wildlife Service refused to sign a new memorandum of agreement or to allow the city to access the nec-essary funding because it didn’t feel that the current legislation enabled them to implement the conservation plan. As a result, all efforts to advance the conservation plan and expand the city are at a standstill. This bill remedies the problem by making a technical correction to the Mesquite Lands Act of 1988 that will provide the necessary authority to the Fish and Wildlife Service to implement the conservation plan, after signing the new agreement with the city of Mes-quite. Lastly, the bill makes several bound-ary adjustments that collectively re-duce three wilderness areas to improve public access to the Big Canyon Trail-head, provide land to the existing Girl Scouts camp, and release a small dam owned and operated by the Yamba Tribe. It is important to know that all of the money that would be spent to exe-cute these programs in this bill would come from special accounts that al-ready exist. Not a single taxpayer dol-lar would go to pay for this bill. These special accounts are funded by the pro-ceeds of the Federal land sales in Ne-vada and, in total, have a balance of $270 million in unobligated funds. The $2 million predicted to be used for the purposes in H.R. 1815—protecting com-munities from catastrophic wildfires by reducing hazardous fuels and imple-menting a habitat conservation plan— would come directly from those ac-counts at no cost to the taxpayer. This is a well-balanced, bipartisan piece of legislation that will reduce wildland fire threat and greatly benefit local communities, wildlife and its habitat, and the future management of public lands in Nevada. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1815. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. H.R. 1815 clarifies and updates sev-eral laws related to the management of Federal land in eastern Nevada. This bill is cosponsored by the entire Ne-vada delegation, and I recognize its passage is important to the people of eastern Nevada. I want to thank the majority and the sponsor for working with the Bureau of Land Management to address many of their concerns. Resolving those con-cerns and working with the BLM turn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.013 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3484 June 7, 2016 
this bill into a proposal we can sup-port. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this legislation also. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1815, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT AND PARKER’S CROSSROADS BATTLEFIELD DESIGNATION ACT Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 87) to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to estab-lish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 87 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Shiloh National Military Park Boundary Adjustment and Park-er’s Crossroads Battlefield Designation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act, the following definitions apply: (1) A
FFILIATED AREA .—The term ‘‘affiliated area’’ means the Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield established as an affiliated area of the National Park System under section 4. (2) P
ARK.—The term ‘‘Park’’ means Shiloh National Military Park, a unit of the National Park System. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 3. AREAS TO BE ADDED TO SHILOH NA-TIONAL MILITARY PARK. 
(a) A DDITIONAL AREAS.—The boundary of Shiloh National Military Park is modified to in-clude the areas that are generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Shiloh National Military Park, Proposed Boundary Adjustment’’, num-bered 304/80,011, and dated July 2014, as follows: (1) Fallen Timbers Battlefield. (2) Russell House Battlefield. (3) Davis Bridge Battlefield. (b) A
CQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may acquire lands described in subsection (a) by donation, purchase from willing sellers with do-nated or appropriated funds, or exchange. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—Any lands acquired under this section shall be administered as part of the Park. 
SEC. 4. ESTABLISHMENT OF AFFILIATED AREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Parker’s Crossroads Battle-field in the State of Tennessee is hereby estab-lished as an affiliated area of the National Park System. (b) DESCRIPTION .—The affiliated area shall consist of the area generally depicted within the ‘‘Proposed Boundary’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield, Proposed Boundary’’, numbered 903/80,073, and dated July 2014. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The affiliated area shall be managed in accordance with this Act and all laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System. (d) M
ANAGEMENT ENTITY .—The City of Park-ers Crossroads and the Tennessee Historical Commission shall jointly be the management en-tity for the affiliated area. (e) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The Sec- retary may provide technical assistance and enter into cooperative agreements with the man-agement entity for the purpose of providing fi-nancial assistance with marketing, marking, in-terpretation, and preservation of the affiliated area. (f) L
IMITED ROLE OF THE SECRETARY .—Noth- ing in this Act authorizes the Secretary to ac-quire property at the affiliated area or to as-sume overall financial responsibility for the op-eration, maintenance, or management of the af-filiated area. (g) G
ENERAL MANAGEMENT PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consulta-tion with the management entity, shall develop a general management plan for the affiliated area. The plan shall be prepared in accordance with section 100502 of title 54, United States Code. (2) T
RANSMITTAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date that funds are made available for this Act, the Secretary shall provide a copy of the completed general management to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Nevada? There was no objection. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. H.R. 87, introduced by Representative M
ARSHA BLACKBURN of Tennessee, ex-pands the boundaries of the Shiloh Na-tional Military Park and designates the Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System. Located in Corinth, Mis-sissippi, the Battle of Shiloh was a flash point in the Western theater dur-ing the Civil War. This bill would preserve three crit-ical battlefields, covering approxi-mately 2,126 acres, associated with the Siege of Corinth, including the Fallen Timbers, Russell House, and Davis Bridge Battlefields. The National Park Service determined that each of these sites provides extensive opportunities for visitor use and interpretation or the potential for archeological re-search. This bill passed out of committee by unanimous consent. I urge my col-leagues to vote in favor of its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. By expanding the boundaries of the Shiloh National Military Park in the State of Tennessee, H.R. 87 will assist the National Park Service in its efforts to preserve and interpret resources as-sociated with the Civil War. The bill adjusts the boundary of the park to include several sites identified in the 2004 boundary expansion study conducted by the National Park Serv-ice. This bill also establishes the Park-er’s Crossroads Battlefield as an associ-ated area of the National Park System, providing even broader opportunities to interpret the Civil War story. Associated sites, such as Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield, continue to highlight the value of State and local partnerships in the preservation of our national heritage. By incorporating three additional sites related to the Siege of Corinth into the park and under the management of the National Park Service, this bill guarantees the lasting conservation of these places of knowledge and remembrance. The emphasis that we all need to place on preserving our country’s his-tory cannot be overstated, and the Civil War is a chapter in our national story that continues to shape the thoughts and actions of this country over 150 years after its conclusion. b1730 The struggles and personal conflicts that were faced by millions of soldiers and the impact on families throughout and after the war have provided us with many lessons—lessons that con-tinue to remain relevant today. We can only ensure that we continue to learn from past struggles, triumphs, and mis-takes if we make the effort to set aside special places for future generations. Parks, such as Shiloh National Mili-tary Park, offer countless opportuni-ties for us to explore the rich history and lessons of the past. These opportu-nities are most effective when visitors to these sites can immerse themselves in the full setting of the area and gain a true understanding of the historical context, which is something that this expansion of the Shiloh National Mili-tary Park will achieve. I thank Representative B
LACKBURN  for her hard work and commitment to protecting the historical resources in her State, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ). Mrs. BLACKBURN. I thank my col-leagues for the work that they have done on this issue. Mr. Speaker, they have each men-tioned the public-private partnership 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.028 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3485 June 7, 2016 
that has taken place in Tennessee and Mississippi and at the Shiloh National Military Park. I think it is so signifi-cant that we have seen our local elect-ed officials work with our State and Federal officials. I do have to commend the employees of the National Park Service who have done a phenomenal job as they have worked toward the preservation of these entities, as Mr. C
LAYsaid so very well, and who have looked at how we adjust the boundaries, expand the boundaries, and then preserve these areas. It is a part of the historical leg-acy, as has been said, not only of Ten-nessee’s and Mississippi’s, but of the United States’. Indeed, over a half million visitors a year come to the Shiloh National Mili-tary Park. This will give the National Park Service the flexibility that it needs to look at adding in the addi-tional 2,100 acres into this park. It would encompass the Fallen Timbers, the Russell House, and the Davis Bridge battlefields, and would provide that consideration for Parker’s Cross-roads. As I said, it is an important part of the National Park Service. This legislation is the product of work from our local, State, and Fed-eral officials and from the community groups and organizations that support this. I thank my colleagues for their sup-port. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 87, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NEVADA NATIVE NATIONS LAND ACT Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2733) to require the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2733 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nevada Native Nations Land Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION OF SECRETARY. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. SEC. 3. CONVEYANCE OF LAND TO BE HELD IN TRUST FOR CERTAIN INDIAN TRIBES. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE OF LAND TO BEHELD IN  T
RUST FOR THE FORTMCDERMITT PAIUTE AND  S
HOSHONE TRIBE.— (1) D
EFINITION OF MAP .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Fort McDermitt Indian Reservation Expansion Act’’, dated February 21, 2013, and on file and avail-able for public inspection in the appropriate of-fices of the Bureau of Land Management. (2) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND .—Subject to valid existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the land described in paragraph (3)— (A) is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Fort McDermitt Paiute and Shoshone Tribe; and (B) shall be part of the reservation of the Fort McDermitt Paiute and Shoshone Tribe. (3) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land referred to in paragraph (2) is the approximately 19,094 acres of land administered by the Bureau of Land Management as generally depicted on the map as ‘‘Reservation Expansion Lands’’. (b) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND TO BEHELD IN  T
RUST FOR THE SHOSHONE PAIUTE TRIBES .— (1) D
EFINITION OF MAP .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Moun-tain City Administrative Site Proposed Acquisi-tion’’, dated July 29, 2013, and on file and avail-able for public inspection in the appropriate of-fices of the Forest Service. (2) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND .—Subject to valid existing rights and paragraph (4), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the land described in paragraph (3)— (A) is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Shoshone Paiute Tribes of the Duck Valley Indian Reservation; and (B) shall be part of the reservation of the Sho-shone Paiute Tribes of the Duck Valley Indian Reservation. (3) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land referred to in paragraph (2) is the approximately 82 acres of land administered by the Forest Service as generally depicted on the map as ‘‘Proposed Ac-quisition Site’’. (4) C
ONDITION ON CONVEYANCE .—The convey-ance under paragraph (2) shall be subject to the reservation of an easement on the conveyed land for a road to provide access to adjacent National Forest System land for use by the For-est Service for administrative purposes. (5) F
ACILITIES AND IMPROVEMENTS .—The Sec- retary of Agriculture (acting through the Chief of the Forest Service) shall convey to the Sho-shone Paiute Tribes of the Duck Valley Indian Reservation any existing facilities or improve-ments to the land described in paragraph (3). (c) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND TO BEHELD IN  T
RUST FOR THE SUMMIT LAKEPAIUTE TRIBE.— (1) D
EFINITION OF MAP .—In this section, the term ‘‘map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Summit Lake Indian Reservation Conveyance’’, dated February 28, 2013, and on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Bureau of Land Management. (2) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND .—Subject to valid existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the land described in paragraph (3)— (A) is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Summit Lake Paiute Tribe; and (B) shall be part of the reservation of the Summit Lake Paiute Tribe. (3) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land referred to in paragraph (2) is the approximately 941 acres of land administered by the Bureau of Land Management as generally depicted on the map as ‘‘Reservation Conveyance Lands’’. (d) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND TO BEHELD IN  T
RUST FOR THE RENO-SPARKS INDIAN COLONY .— (1) D
EFINITION OF MAP .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Reno- Sparks Indian Colony Expansion’’, dated June 11, 2014, and on file and available for public in-spection in the appropriate offices of the Bureau of Land Management. (2) CONVEYANCE OF LAND .—Subject to valid existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the land described in paragraph (3)— (A) is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Reno-Sparks Indian Colony; and (B) shall be part of the reservation of the Reno-Sparks Indian Colony. (3) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land referred to in paragraph (2) is the approximately 13,434 acres of land administered by the Bureau of Land Management as generally depicted on the map as ‘‘RSIC Amended Boundary’’. (e) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND TO BEHELD IN  T
RUST FOR THE PYRAMID LAKEPAIUTE TRIBE.— (1) M
AP.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Pyramid Lake Indian Reservation Expansion’’, dated April 13, 2015, and on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Bureau of Land Management. (2) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND .—Subject to valid existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the land described in paragraph (3)— (A) is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Pyramid Lake Paiute Tribe; and (B) shall be part of the reservation of the Pyr-amid Lake Paiute Tribe. (3) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land referred to in paragraph (2) is the approximately 6,357 acres of land administered by the Bureau of Land Management as generally depicted on the map as ‘‘Reservation Expansion Lands’’. (f) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND TO BEHELD IN  T
RUST FOR THE DUCKWATER SHOSHONE TRIBE.— (1) M
AP.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Duckwater Reservation Expansion’’, dated October 15, 2015, and on file and available for public inspection in the appro-priate offices of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment. (2) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND .—Subject to valid existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the land described in paragraph (3)— (A) is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Duckwater Shoshone Tribe; and (B) shall be part of the reservation of the Duckwater Shoshone Tribe. (3) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land referred to in paragraph (2) is the approximately 31,229 acres of land administered by the Bureau of Land Management as generally depicted on the map as ‘‘Reservation Expansion Lands’’. (g) R
EVOCATION OF PUBLIC LAND ORDERS .— Any public land order that withdraws any por-tion of land conveyed to an Indian tribe under this section shall be revoked to the extent nec-essary to permit the conveyance of the land. 
SEC. 4. ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) S URVEY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall complete a survey of the boundary lines to establish the boundaries of the land taken into trust for each Indian tribe under section 3. (b) U
SE OF TRUST LAND.— (1) G
AMING .—Land taken into trust under sec-tion 3 shall not be eligible, or considered to have been taken into trust, for class II gaming or class III gaming (as those terms are defined in section 4 of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2703)). (2) T
HINNING ; LANDSCAPE RESTORATION .—With respect to the land taken into trust under sec-tion 3, the Secretary, in consultation and co-ordination with the applicable Indian tribe, may carry out any fuel reduction and other land-scape restoration activities, including restora-tion of sage grouse habitat, on the land that is beneficial to the Indian tribe and the Bureau of Land Management. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.031 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3486 June 7, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 2733, the Ne-vada Native Nations Land Act. I commend my colleague from Ne-vada (Mr. A
MODEI ), the sponsor of this bill, for his tireless work on this impor-tant piece of legislation. Because he will speak further on the details that affect his district, I will provide a brief summary of the bill. H.R. 2733, as amended, would require the Secretary of the Interior to place, approximately, 71,000 acres of Federal land into trust for six tribes in the State of Nevada. Gaming would be pro-hibited on these lands. Located in my district, the Duckwater Shoshone Tribe would have, approximately, 31,000 acres of land placed into trust by the Secretary of the Interior. The tribe intends to uti-lize these lands for economic develop-ment and community growth. Specifi-cally, the additional lands will allow the tribe to expand agricultural oper-ations, additional housing and facili-ties development, and to protect cul-tural sites and wildlife. Over 85 percent of the land that is lo-cated in Nevada is federally controlled, and tribes continue to have a small land base. This bill is an important step in promoting economic activity that will generate jobs in the tribal communities, benefitting both reserva-tion economies. I thank Mr. A
MODEI for his efforts in getting this legislation to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. The six Nevada tribes that are af-fected by this legislation want to ex-pand their reservations for a variety of purposes, including for recreational use, residential construction, and en-ergy and mineral development. H.R. 2733 will allow the tribes to pursue these goals. By passing this bill, they will be able to preserve their cultural heritage and traditions, expand hous-ing for their members, and realize new economic development opportunities. The final legislation is the result of years of negotiations between the tribes, the Federal Government, the State of Nevada, and local stake-holders. I commend my colleague from Ne-vada (Mr. A
MODEI ) for his work on be-half of the Nevada tribes and on this legislation. I urge its quick adoption. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. A
MODEI ). Mr. AMODEI. I thank my colleague from the Silver State and my colleague from the Show Me State. I appreciate the background. Mr. Speaker, this is the return of a bill that was passed in the 114th Con-gress by a voice vote in the House of Representatives. It went to the Senate. I can’t tell you what happened there, but the good news is that the 114th Congress, the Senate, has moved on a companion bill; so we might actually get some resolution of this. I note that my colleague from the Show Me State mentioned patience and hard work. I want to point out that, for the folks of the Fort McDermitt Paiute and Shoshone Tribe, the 19,000-acre transfer that is proposed in this piece of legislation was first before the United States Congress in a bill that was introduced in 1972 by then-Nevada Senators Alan Bible and Howard Can-non. Certainly, that tribe gets the ‘‘pa-tience’’ award in terms of waiting to fill in what is largely checkerboard- type holdings to consolidate their hold-ings in the whole thing. As a whole, about 31,000 acres are in my colleague’s CD4 district, and 40,000 acres are in the rest of CD2. There is a variety of things to provide housing to attract healthcare facility givers and cultural resource preservation buffer zones. It has been through the planning process in those counties in which it is. Many off-road vehicle organizations support this. It can hardly be said to have been sprung on anybody. I urge my colleagues’ support. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the legis-lation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2733, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EEZ TRANSIT ZONE CLARIFICATION AND ACCESS ACT Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3070) to clarify that for purposes of all Federal laws governing marine fisheries management, the landward boundary of the exclusive economic zone between areas south of Montauk, New York, and Point Judith, Rhode Is-land, and for other purposes, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3070 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘EEZ Transit Zone Clarification and Access Act’’. SEC. 2. RECREATIONAL FISHING IN BLOCK IS-LAND SOUND TRANSIT ZONE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission, may issue regulations to permit and regulate recreational Atlantic striped bass fishing in the Block Island Sound Transit Zone. (b) B
LOCK ISLAND SOUND TRANSIT ZONEDE-
FINED .—In this section the term ‘‘Block Island Sound transit zone’’ means the area of the ex-clusive economic zone north of a line connecting Montauk Light, Montauk Point, New York, and Block Island Southeast Light, Block Island, Rhode Island; and west of a line connecting Point Judith Light, Point Judith, Rhode Island, and Block Island Southeast Light, Block Island, Rhode Island. (c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section or the regulations issued under this section shall affect— (1) any permit that— (A) is issued under any other provision of law by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, including a permit issued before the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) authorizes fishing in the Block Island Sound Transit Zone; or (2) any activity authorized by such a permit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Nevada? There was no objection. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. H.R. 3070, which was introduced by my colleague, Congressman L
EEZELDIN  of New York, aims to eliminate Federal regulatory confusion around the Block Island Sound. His bill authorizes the Secretary of Commerce to permit striped bass fishing in the Block Island Transit Zone between Montauk, New York, and Point Judith, Rhode Island. The bill before us today is the result of extensive input from area stake-holders and congressional deliberation. Following a Natural Resources Com-mittee’s oversight field hearing and a subsequent legislative hearing, the bill has been amended to resolve any con-cerns about the unintended impacts of other federally permitted activities. As such, the Natural Resources Com-mittee passed this bill earlier this year by unanimous consent. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I commend Mr. Z
ELDIN for his leadership on this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. As introduced, H.R. 3070 would have had sweeping negative impacts. It would have redrawn the boundary of the exclusive economic zone in an area between Montauk Point, New York, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.033 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3487 June 7, 2016 
and Block Island, Rhode Island, allow-ing for the State management of fish-ery resources that are currently man-aged by the Federal Government. It would have barred Connecticut fisher-men from using the area at all, and it would have eliminated a key sanctuary for striped bass at the very time the species needs stronger conservation measures. Fortunately, the Natural Resources Committee was able to address those flaws at markup and is able to bring forward a bill today that does not have any unintended consequences. The cur-rent version of H.R. 3070 simply clari-fies that the Secretary of Commerce has the authority to issue regulations that govern recreational fishing for striped bass in the Block Island Transit Zone. This area is currently closed to striped bass fishing, and I join the vast majority of recreational anglers in the region in urging fisheries’ managers to keep it that way. That said, we do support the bill be-fore us today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). Mr. ZELDIN. I thank Mr. H
ARDY and Mr. C
LAY for their comments and for their support of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 3070, the EEZ Transit Zone Clarification and Access Act, which would clarify the Federal laws that govern the management of the striped bass fishery in the exclusive economic zone, or the EEZ, between Montauk, New York, and Block Island, Rhode Is-land. One of the most pressing issues that is faced by Long Island fishermen is the urgent need to clarify the Federal regulations regarding striped bass fish-ing in the small area of federally con-trolled waters between Montauk Point and Block Island. Between New York State waters, which end 3 miles off of Montauk Point, and the Rhode Island boundary, which begins 3 miles off of Block Is-land, there is a small area of federally controlled water that is considered part of the EEZ. The EEZ, which ex-tends up to 200 miles from the coast, are waters that are patrolled by the Coast Guard, where the United States has exclusive jurisdiction over fisheries and other natural resources. Since 1990, striped bass fishing has been banned in the EEZ even though fishermen can currently fish for striped bass in adja-cent State waters. b1745 Fishing is an industry in and around my district. It is getting more and more difficult to survive in this indus-try if you are a businessowner. Fisher-men are desperately pleading for com-monsense relief, and this is one way Congress can help. To my colleagues in this Chamber, I ask you to vote in favor of this bill, passing this legislation on behalf of the amazing fishermen on the east end of Long Island. Long Island striped bass fisherman have lost 60 percent of their traditional fishing grounds due to Federal restric-tions that my bill intends to reform. Additionally, the geography of our re-gion means that making the 15-mile journey by boat from Montauk Point to Block Island requires passing through a small strip of waters consid-ered to be part of the EEZ. The shift in jurisdiction can mean the difference between a nice day on the water and committing a Federal offense. My bill, H.R. 3070, clarifies the Fed-eral laws currently governing the man-agement of the striped bass fishery be-tween Montauk and Block Island, per-mitting striped bass fishing in these waters and allowing for local regula-tions to manage this important fish-ery. This legislation is a commonsense re-form that offers a simple solution to a unique local issue, providing regu-latory relief and more certainty to our region’s fishermen, while restoring local control to a critical fishery that must be properly managed and pre-served for future generations. Late last year, on December 7, 2015, I cohosted a House Natural Resources Committee field hearing within my dis-trict in Riverhead, New York, with Chairman R
OBBISHOP of Utah. The hearing was held to discuss important local fishing issues, including this leg-islation. Chairman B
ISHOP and mem-bers of the committee were able to hear firsthand the concerns of those on Long Island who rely upon fishing as an occupation and way of life. A few months later, on March 17, 2016, work-ing closely with the committee, my bill passed this committee with unani-mous bipartisan support. I thank House Majority Leader K
EVIN M
CCARTHY for having the bill placed on today’s agenda on the House floor. A big thank you to House Natural Re-sources Committee Chairman R
OB B
ISHOP ; Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans Chairman J
OHN F
LEMING ; and Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans Vice Chairman P
AUL Gosar for recognizing the urgency in passing this bill. I also thank Congress-man J
OECOURTNEY , my colleague across Long Island Sound, who worked with us to make this a bipartisan bill. I also commend the steadfast com-mitment and activism of Long Island’s fishing community, which championed this issue for nearly two decades and is standing up for Long Island’s coastal way of life. The dedicated men and women who fish in these local waters and the tens of thousands of Long Is-landers who depend upon the coastal economy of the east end deserve no less than this commonsense reform pro-moted by this proposal. I encourage all of my colleagues to vote in support of this critical bill. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I urge the body to adopt H.R. 3070. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3070, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to authorize the Sec-retary of Commerce to permit striped bass fishing in the Exclusive Economic Zone transit zone between Montauk, New York, and Point Judith, Rhode Is-land, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOUNT HOOD COOPER SPUR LAND EXCHANGE CLARIFICATION ACT Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3826) to amend the Omnibus Pub-lic Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilder-ness in the State of Oregon, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3826 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Exchange Clarification Act’’. 
SEC. 2. COOPER SPUR LAND EXCHANGE CLARI-FICATION AMENDMENTS. 
Section 1206(a) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1018) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘120 acres’’ and inserting ‘‘107 acres’’; and (B) in subparagraph (E)(ii), by inserting ‘‘im-provements,’’ after ‘‘buildings,’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘As soon as prac-ticable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary and Mt. Hood Meadows shall se-lect’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Exchange Clarification Act, the Secretary and Mt. Hood Meadows shall jointly select’’; (ii) in clause (ii), in the matter preceding sub-clause (I), by striking ‘‘An appraisal under clause (i) shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as pro-vided under clause (iii), an appraisal under clause (i) shall assign a separate value to each tax lot to allow for the equalization of values and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) F
INAL APPRAISED VALUE .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), after the final appraised value of the Federal land and the non-Federal land are determined and approved by the Secretary, the Secretary shall not be required to reappraise or update the final appraised value for a period of up to 3 years, beginning on the date of the approval by the Secretary of the final appraised value. ‘‘(II) E
XCEPTION .—Subclause (I) shall not apply if the condition of either the Federal land 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.034 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3488 June 7, 2016 
or the non-Federal land referred to in subclause (I) is significantly and substantially altered by fire, windstorm, or other events. ‘‘(iv) P
UBLIC REVIEW .—Before completing the land exchange under this Act, the Secretary shall make available for public review the com-plete appraisals of the land to be exchanged.’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (G) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(G) R
EQUIRED CONVEYANCE CONDITIONS .— Prior to the exchange of the Federal and non- Federal land— ‘‘(i) the Secretary and Mt. Hood Meadows may mutually agree for the Secretary to reserve a conservation easement to protect the identified wetland in accordance with applicable law, sub-ject to the requirements that— ‘‘(I) the conservation easement shall be con-sistent with the terms of the September 30, 2015, mediation between the Secretary and Mt. Hood Meadows; and ‘‘(II) in order to take effect, the conservation easement shall be finalized not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Exchange Clarification Act; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary shall reserve a 24-foot-wide nonexclusive trail easement at the existing trail locations on the Federal land that retains for the United States existing rights to construct, reconstruct, maintain, and permit nonmotorized use by the public of existing trails subject to the right of the owner of the Federal land— ‘‘(I) to cross the trails with roads, utilities, and infrastructure facilities; and ‘‘(II) to improve or relocate the trails to ac-commodate development of the Federal land. ‘‘(H) E
QUALIZATION OF VALUES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subpara-graph (A), in addition to or in lieu of monetary compensation, a lesser area of Federal land or non-Federal land may be conveyed if necessary to equalize appraised values of the exchange properties, without limitation, consistent with the requirements of this Act and subject to the approval of the Secretary and Mt. Hood Mead-ows. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN COMPENSATION  
OR CONVEYANCES AS DONATION .—If, after pay-ment of compensation or adjustment of land area subject to exchange under this Act, the amount by which the appraised value of the land and other property conveyed by Mt. Hood Meadows under subparagraph (A) exceeds the appraised value of the land conveyed by the Secretary under subparagraph (A) shall be con-sidered a donation by Mt. Hood Meadows to the United States.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Nevada? There was no objection. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. H.R. 3826, the Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Exchange Clarification Act, was introduced by Congressmen G
REG W
ALDEN and E ARLBLUMENAUER to ad-dress the ongoing land exchange issues. In 2009, the Omnibus Public Land Management Act authorized a land ex-change in Government Camp, Oregon. This land exchange was supposed to be completed within 16 months; however, this still has not occurred more than 7 years later. The long delay, primarily due to disagreements surrounding ease-ment terms, has frustrated local com-munities such as Mount Hood Meadows and other local groups. H.R. 3826 comes as a result of a suc-cessful mediation session held by the Forest Service to resolve the long-standing issues between the agency and the local community. As a result of this exercise, H.R. 3826 updates the de-tails and process for the land exchange to clarify issues relating to land ap-praisals and the parameters of a wet-land conservation easement on the Federal land in the conveyance. The bill was amended in committee to address concerns raised by the For-est Service, including clarifying lan-guage for the easement allowed in the bill and the length of time allowed for the Forest Service to implement this legislation. It is frustrating that the Forest Service has not already carried out the provisions of the 2009 act. I ap-preciate Congressman WALDEN ’s work to see this issue is addressed once and for all. I hope my colleagues will join in sup-porting this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. H.R. 3826 clarifies the terms of a land exchange between the Forest Service and Mount Hood Meadows, a privately held ski resort. Last year, the Forest Service and Mount Hood Meadows en-gaged in mediation to resolve the issues that have held up the exchange. This bill is the result of that medi-ation, and its passage will ensure that, after 6 long years, the exchange will fi-nally move forward. I want to thank the sponsors from Oregon, Representative W
ALDEN and Representative B
LUMENAUER , for their hard work and commitment to resolv-ing this issue. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ). Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. C
LAYand Mr. H ARDY for their work and support of this very important leg-islation. I thank Mr. G
RIJALVA and Chairman B
ISHOP for bringing this bill to the floor, yet another Mount Hood bill. My colleague and friend from Oregon, E
ARL BLUMENAUER , and I actually backpacked 3 nights, 4 days around Mount Hood, 9,000 feet up and down, elevation gain and loss. We hiked with environmentalists, foresters, ornitholo-gists, biologists, and geologists. We put together a big bipartisan leg-islative effort. It took 3
1⁄2years. Part of this effort was making sure that a very sensitive part around Mount Hood in the Crystal Springs watershed was exchanged out so that the development didn’t occur there and it occurred in an area that already has development, a more appropriate setting. That is what this is really all about. The legislation that ultimately passed the Congress was a little dif-ferent than what Representative BLU-
MENAUER and I started with because we feared this very result could happen, that it would be delayed for years and years and years because we have seen it happen before. Be that as it may, we are here today, 7 years later, after the Congress had told the agency to get this done in 16 months, which should be all the time that is necessary. Seven years later, we are back with a second piece of legislation, confirming the me-diation, working this through so that we can get this exchange done thought-fully, completely, and finally get this done. I see I am joined by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), who has been a real partner in this. The legislation directs the Forest Service to move ahead on imple-menting the underlying exchange. This is critical as it protects the Crystal Springs area, the water source for much of Hood River and the rest of the upper Hood River Valley as well. So it really does provide a much more thoughtful place where Mount Hood Meadows does their development and protects this very sensitive watershed from development. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation when it comes up for a vote. Let’s get this done once and for all. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I want to pick up where my friend, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ), left off. Congressman W
ALDEN and I worked for several years to try and deal with the preservation of a precious resource. Mount Hood is the dividing line be-tween our two districts. We have a lot of personal history involved there, and it was really one of my most positive experiences in two decades of congres-sional service, zeroing in with the stakeholders—Native Americans, envi-ronmentalists, local government—try-ing to figure out the best protections for a very complicated area that is within easy driving distance of 4 mil-lion people. There were many strains and stresses and multiple stakeholders on the mountain itself. As he said, part of the delicate bal-ance that was achieved was an oppor-tunity for us to deal with this land ex-change. It was a win-win situation for a variety of the stakeholders. It obvi-ously is better for the environment. It settled long-simmering disputes that served nobody’s interest but had actual potential for negative outcomes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.015 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3489 June 7, 2016 
This land exchange was part of what was envisioned. This was not just a bi-partisan effort with my friend, the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ), and myself. It was then Senator Smith and Senator W
YDEN , and now Senator M
ERKLEY and Senator W YDEN have been partners in this. It is frustrating that we get to the point where it re-quires legislation to do something that was an integral part of this agreement. I am proud to join my friend in urg-ing support for it. We want to get this passed and be able to capitalize on the vision that we worked so hard on to protect the mountain and all of the at-tendant interests. This land exchange is critical to it, and I am pleased that this legislation is finally on the floor, although I am frustrated that we have to have legislation on the floor. Hope-fully, this will enable us to finish this task. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3826, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PASCUA YAQUI TRIBE LAND CONVEYANCE ACT Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2009) to provide for the convey-ance of certain land inholdings owned by the United States to the Tucson Unified School District and to the Pascua Yaqui Tribe of Arizona, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2009 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Pascua Yaqui Tribe Land Conveyance Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
For the purposes of this Act, the following definitions apply: (1) D
ISTRICT .—The term ‘‘District’’ means the Tucson Unified School District No. 1, a school district recognized as such under the laws of the State of Arizona. (2) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map titled ‘‘‘Pascua Yaqui Tribe Land Convey-ance Act’’, dated March 14, 2016, and on file and available for public inspection in the local office of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment. (3) RECREATION AND PUBLIC PURPOSES ACT .— The term ‘‘Recreation and Public Purposes Act’’ means the Act of June 14, 1926 (43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.). (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (5) T
RIBE.—The term ‘‘Tribe’’ means the Pascua Yaqui Tribe of Arizona, a federally recognized Indian tribe. 
SEC. 3. LAND TO BE HELD IN TRUST. 
(a) P ARCEL A.—Subject to subsection (b) and to valid existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the approximately 39.65 acres of Federal lands generally depicted on the map as ‘‘Par-cel A’’ are declared to be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Tribe. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (a) shall take effect on the day after the date on which the District relinquishes all right, title, and interest of the District in and to the approximately 39.65 acres of land de-scribed in subsection (a). 
SEC. 4. LANDS TO BE CONVEYED TO THE DIS-TRICT. 
(a) P ARCEL B.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to valid existing rights and payment to the United States of the fair market value, the United States shall convey to the District all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the approximately 13.24 acres of Federal lands generally depicted on the map as ‘‘Par-cel B’’. (2) D
ETERMINATION OF FAIR MARKET  
VALUE .—The fair market value of the prop-erty to be conveyed under paragraph (1) shall be determined by the Secretary in accord-ance with the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisitions and the Uni-form Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice. (3) C
OSTS OF CONVEYANCE .—As a condition of the conveyance under this subsection, all costs associated with the conveyance shall be paid by the District. (b) P
ARCEL C.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If, not later than one year after the completion of the appraisal re-quired by paragraph (3), the District submits to the Secretary an offer to acquire the Fed-eral reversionary interest in all of the ap-proximately 27.5 acres of land conveyed to the District under Recreation and Public Purposes Act and generally depicted on the map as ‘‘Parcel C’’, the Secretary shall con-vey to the District such reversionary inter-est in the lands covered by the offer. The Secretary shall complete the conveyance not later than 30 days after the date of the offer. (2) S
URVEY .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall complete a survey of the lands described in this subsection to deter-mine the precise boundaries and acreage of the lands subject to the Federal reversionary interest. (3) A
PPRAISAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall complete an appraisal of the Federal reversionary interest in the lands identified by the survey required by para-graph (2). The appraisal shall be completed in accordance with the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisitions and the Uniform Standards of Professional Ap-praisal Practice. (4) C
ONSIDERATION .—As consideration for the conveyance of the Federal reversionary interest under this subsection, the District shall pay to the Secretary an amount equal to the appraised value of the Federal inter-est, as determined under paragraph (3). The consideration shall be paid not later than 30 days after the date of the conveyance. (5) C
OSTS OF CONVEYANCE .—As a condition of the conveyance under this subsection, all costs associated with the conveyance, in-cluding the cost of the survey required by paragraph (2) and the appraisal required by paragraph (3), shall be paid by the District. SEC. 5. GAMING PROHIBITION. 
The Tribe may not conduct gaming activi-ties on lands taken into trust pursuant to this Act, either as a matter of claimed inher-ent authority, under the authority of any Federal law, including the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), or under regulations promulgated by the Sec-retary or the National Indian Gaming Com-mission. 
SEC. 6. WATER RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There shall be no Federal reserved right to surface water or ground-water for any land taken into trust by the United States for the benefit of the Tribe under this Act. (b) S
TATE WATER RIGHTS .—The Tribe re-tains any right or claim to water under State law for any land taken into trust by the United States for the benefit of the Tribe under this Act. (c) F
ORFEITURE OR ABANDONMENT .—Any water rights that are appurtenant to land taken into trust by the United States for the benefit of the Tribe under this Act may not be forfeited or abandoned. (d) A
DMINISTRATION .—Nothing in this Act affects or modifies any right of the Tribe or any obligation of the United States under Public Law 95–375 (25 U.S.C. 1300f et seq.). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Nevada? There was no objection. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 2009, which would authorize a land exchange involving the Pacific Yaqui Tribe, the Tucson Unified School District, and the Department of the Interior. Spe-cifically, the bill would require the Secretary of the Interior to place 40 acres of adjacent public land into trust for the tribe upon conveyance to the United States from the Tucson Unified School District. According to the tribe, acquiring these lands will help with reservation access and prevent or control flooding during significant rain events. Accord-ing to the tribe, heavy rain events occur frequently during Tucson’s mon-soon season. b1800 The bill would also require the con-veyance of a 13-acre parcel of public land to the Tucson Unified School Dis-trict and eliminate a revisionary inter-est held by the United States in a 27- acre parcel previously patented to the Tucson Unified School District under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.055 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3490 June 7, 2016 
the Recreation and Public Purposes Act. The bill would also require the Tucson Unified School District to pay fair market value for the land and the revisionary interest received. I want to thank the ranking member from the Committee on Natural Re-sources for his efforts on the legisla-tion and urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ), the sponsor and my good friend, and commend him for bringing this legislation to the floor. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman from Missouri for his support of the legislation. As we heard, H.R. 2009 is the culmina-tion of a longstanding land agreement between Tucson Unified School Dis-trict, TUSD, and the Pascua Yaqui Tribe. Last Congress we finalized the first part of the agreement with the passage and signing of H.R. 507, which conveyed two 10-acre parcels to the tribe. Pas-sage of this bill will complete the sec-ond part of the agreement to the mu-tual benefit of both parties involved as well as the surrounding communities. The 40-acre parcel of land referenced in the bill is currently deeded to TUSD under the Recreation and Public Pur-poses Act, but TUSD has no intention of using the land for the stated pur-pose. Instead, the tribe will be able to utilize the parcel to construct flood control measures to protect the res-ervation and surrounding communities from flash flooding during Arizona monsoon season. Additionally, the land conveyed to TUSD will allow the district to better plan for future expansion and best use scenarios without the encumbrances encountered under the Recreation and Public Purposes Act. I would like to note that the tribe and TUSD have had, and continue to have, a great working relationship, es-pecially when it comes to the land use decisions around the Pascua Yaqui res-ervation. This bill is a direct result of that relationship and was negotiated with input from all parties involved and with an eye to the most effective use of the parcels. In closing, let me take the time to thank Chairman Y
OUNG and Ranking Member R
UIZfor their work on the leg-islation in the subcommittee; and, of course, a special thanks to Chairman B
ISHOP for working with me to bring it to the floor today. I urge adoption of the legislation. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to inform my colleague I have no further speakers. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank Ranking Member G
RI-
JALVA for bringing forward this legisla-tion. I urge its quick adoption. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time also. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2009, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 3 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H. Con. Res. 129, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 4906, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 4904, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 1815, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
SUPPORTING GOAL OF ENSURING ALL HOLOCAUST VICTIMS LIVE WITH DIGNITY, COMFORT, AND SECURITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 129) expressing support for the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Germany to re-affirm its commitment to this goal through a financial commitment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 363, nays 0, not voting 70, as follows: 
[Roll No. 269] YEAS—363 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.041 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3491 June 7, 2016 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—70 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Black Brown (FL) Ca´rdenas Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Crowley Curbelo (FL) Denham Duckworth Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farr Fattah Fincher Foxx Gibson Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Jackson Lee Jeffries Jones Katko Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean McCarthy Meeks Nadler Norcross Pascrell Payne Pittenger Rohrabacher Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Sherman Sires Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Tiberi Turner Vargas Vela´zquez Walker Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Zinke 
b1852 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the concurrent resolution, as amended, was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the concurrent resolution was amended so as to read: ‘‘A concur-rent resolution expressing support for the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Ger-many to continue to reaffirm its com-mitment to this goal through a finan-cial commitment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medi-cally prescribed needs’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 269, I did events with Hoover National Secu-rity Affairs Fellows and with students at Amer-ican University. I did my best to get back for all votes. Unfortunately I got caught in traffic and missed the first vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 269, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ f 
CLARIFYING ELIGIBILITY OF LAND MANAGEMENT AGENCY TIME-LIMITED EMPLOYEES FOR PERMANENT APPOINTMENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4906) to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the eligibility of employees of a land management agen-cy in a time-limited appointment to compete for a permanent appointment at any Federal agency, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 363, nays 0, not voting 70, as follows: 
[Roll No. 270] YEAS—363 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—70 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Black Brown (FL) Ca´rdenas Carter (TX) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Crowley Curbelo (FL) Denham Duckworth Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farr Fattah Fincher Foxx Gutie´rrez Hahn Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hunter Jackson Lee Jeffries Jones Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean McCarthy Meeks Nadler Napolitano Norcross Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pittenger Rohrabacher Rokita Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sherman Sires Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Turner Vargas Vela´zquez Walker Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Zinke 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.011 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3492 June 7, 2016 
b1900 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 270, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 270. 
f 
MAKING ELECTRONIC GOVERN-MENT ACCOUNTABLE BY YIELD-ING TANGIBLE EFFICIENCIES ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4904) to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budg-et to issue a directive on the manage-ment of software licenses, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 366, nays 0, not voting 67, as follows: 
[Roll No. 271] YEAS—366 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—67 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bishop (GA) Black Brown (FL) Ca´rdenas Carter (TX) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Crowley Curbelo (FL) Denham Duckworth Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farr Fattah Fincher Foxx Gutie´rrez Hahn Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean McCarthy Meeks Nadler Norcross Pascrell Payne Pittenger Rohrabacher Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sherman Sires Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Turner Vargas Vela´zquez Walker Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Zinke b1907 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EASTERN NEVADA LAND IMPLE-MENTATION IMPROVEMENT ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1815) to facilitate certain pinyon-juniper related projects in Lin-coln County, Nevada, to modify the boundaries of certain wilderness areas in the State of Nevada, and to provide for the implementation of a conserva-tion plan for the Virgin River, Nevada, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 360, nays 7, not voting 66, as follows: 
[Roll No. 272] YEAS—360 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.046 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3493 June 7, 2016 
Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NAYS—7 
Amash Duncan (SC) Griffith Huizenga (MI) Perry Poe (TX) Ratcliffe 
NOT VOTING—66 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Black Brown (FL) Capps Ca´rdenas Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Crowley Curbelo (FL) Denham Duckworth Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farr Fattah Fincher Foxx Gutie´rrez Hahn Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Jackson Lee Jeffries Jones Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean McCarthy Meeks Nadler Norcross Pascrell Payne Pittenger Rohrabacher Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sherman Sires Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Turner Vargas Vela´zquez Walker Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Whitfield Wilson (FL) Zinke ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
URDof Texas) (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1913 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REPORT ON H.R. 5393, COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. CULBERSON, from the Com-mittee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–605) on the bill making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, which was re-ferred to the Union Calendar and or-dered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
REPORT ON H.R. 5394, TRANSPOR-TATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. DIAZ-BALART, from the Com-mittee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–606) on the bill making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4775, OZONE STANDARDS IM-PLEMENTATION ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. CON. RES. 89, EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT A CARBON TAX WOULD BE DET-RIMENTAL TO THE UNITED STATES ECONOMY; AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. CON. RES. 112, EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS OP-POSING THE PRESIDENT’S PRO-POSED $10 TAX ON EVERY BAR-REL OF OIL Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–607) on the resolution (H. Res. 767) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4775) to facilitate efficient State implementa-tion of ground-level ozone standards, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the concurrent resolu-tion (H. Con. Res. 89) expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy; and providing for con-sideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 112) expressing the sense of Congress opposing the President’s proposed $10 tax on every barrel of oil, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
f 
LAUREN MORRIS SCHULMAN’S RETIREMENT (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate a very dear friend, Lauren Morris Schulman, on her re-tirement. For the past 13 years, I have had the pleasure of working closely with Lauren on some of the most press-ing issues regarding the U.S.-Israel re-lationship. Serving as AIPAC’s Florida political director, Lauren has played a key role in building a stronger U.S. alliance with our closest ally, the democratic Jewish State of Israel. Lauren has been a lifelong public servant in having pre-viously worked as a staffer in Congress for the late E. Clay Shaw, Jr., and she also served at the county and State levels in Florida. Lauren has a wealth of knowledge and experience that will surely be missed by all who have had the pleas-ure to work with her; but I am certain that Lauren is looking forward to this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.026 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3494 June 7, 2016 
exciting next chapter in her life and will enjoy spending more time with her husband, Cliff, and their children, Jake and Samantha. I wish my good friend Lauren Schulman the best of luck, and I con-gratulate her on her retirement. 
f 
THE FORT HOOD, TEXAS, NINE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Texas has been hammered by historic torrential rain and flooding. As the Texas floodwaters rose, 12 sol-diers from Fort Hood, Texas, were crossing Owl Creek in a 2
1⁄2-ton Light Medium Tactical Vehicle when it be-came stuck in the Owl Creek low water crossing. Suddenly, the vehicle was swept over and sent downstream by fast-moving water. Nine American sol-diers drowned in the massive flood waters. Today, we remember them, and here they are: Staff Sergeant Miguel Colon Vazquez, 38, from New York. He had just spent four tours of duty in Iraq and Afghani-stan; Specialist Christine Armstrong, 27, of California; PFC Brandon Banner, 22, of Florida; PFC Zachery Fuller, 23, of Florida; Private Isaac Deleon, 19, of Texas. He was the youngest of all of them. He had only been in the Army for 17 months; Private Eddy Rae’Laurin Gates, 20, of North Carolina—a former homecoming queen; Private Tysheena James, 21, of New Jersey; West Point cadet Mitchell Winey, 21, of Indiana; Specialist Yingming Sun, 25, of Cali-fornia. These are the nine who drowned re-cently in the Texas floods. The soldiers were members of the 3rd Battalion, 16th Field Artillery Regiment, 2nd Ar-mored Brigade Combat Team of the 1st Cavalry Division. These American sol-diers were volunteers who swore to pro-tect the United States. They were a cut above the rest and were ready to defend freedom at home and abroad. Their lives were ripped from this world and their families all too soon. We are grateful for them and their families for their service and their sac-rifices. These soldiers are the best of America. Our thoughts and prayers are with the soldiers and their families, who have been devastated by the floods of Texas this spring. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
ARIEL GRACE’S LAW (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, 1 year ago tomorrow, Ariel Grace’s life ended before it had a chance to begin— killed by the failure of the unsafe med-ical device, Essure. Despite her tragic passing, there remains no legal re-course to seek justice. That is why, on the 1-year anniversary of her death, I will introduce Ariel Grace’s Law in order to resolve the broken law that prevents the families of Ariel Grace and thousands of others to have their voices heard in court. At the same time, I will offer legisla-tion to reform the flawed FDA process that allowed another dangerous de-vice—a laparoscopic power morcellator—to spread deadly cancer throughout the bodies of women like shrapnel. Despite case after case, no one reported the harm to the FDA—not even their own doctors. The Medical Device Guardians Act will add doctors into the list of entities that must re-port unsafe devices so that lifesaving action can be taken quickly when it is needed to protect others. The institutions and regulations that are designed to protect our constitu-ents from unsafe devices in these cases and others have failed. It is time we take action to address them. f 
LACASA CENTER (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to pay tribute to a charitable organization in my district, the LACASA Center. Located in Howell, Michigan, LACASA is celebrating its 35th year of empowering and sup-porting victims of abuse, assault, and violence. LACASA’s goal is to advocate for and to provide services to victims of vio-lent crimes. It also works to educate the community on issues of domestic abuse, child abuse, and sexual assault. The services LACASA provides are in-strumental in assisting members of our community, whether that comes in the form of shelter, meals, counseling, or education. I have seen the amazing work that LACASA does firsthand, and I had the opportunity to tour the facility earlier this year. LACASA’s President and CEO is Bobette Schrandt. She is a tire-less advocate for those whom she serves and is an incredible asset to our community. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the opportunity to pay tribute to such a charitable organization in my dis-trict. Congratulations, LACASA, on your 35th anniversary, and thank you for your dedication to our great commu-nity. 
f 
SOLDIERS CLIMB TO SUMMIT OF MOUNT EVEREST (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to recognize Second Lieuten-ant Harold Earls, Captain Elyse Ping Medvigy, and Staff Sergeant Chad Jukes, who successfully climbed to the 29,000-foot summit of Mount Everest on Tuesday, May 24, 2016. Staff Sergeant Jukes is a veteran who lost his leg while fighting in Iraq in 2006, making the feat even more amazing; and Lieutenant Earls is a Third ID soldier who is currently sta-tioned at Fort Benning in west Geor-gia. The soldiers’ goal in reaching Mount Everest is overshadowed by their ulti-mate goal of gaining support for vet-erans’ and soldiers’ mental health. With the trip to the summit, they raised $109,000 to support the mental health groups Give an Hour and Stop Soldier Suicide. The climb was the debut of U.S. Expeditions and Explo-rations, which is a nonprofit organiza-tion founded by Lieutenant Earls. The entire trip, including a long prepara-tion period, lasted over a year. I congratulate these men for reach-ing the summit of Mount Everest, and I thank them for their service to our Nation and to servicemen’s and -wom-en’s mental health. f 
WATER WASTING BUREAUCRACIES (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, despite our first wet winter in California in years, misguided Federal agencies threaten to cut off the water supplies of millions of Californians. On one hand, the National Marine Fisheries Service demands that Shasta Dam releases be drastically cut, alleg-edly to protect winter run salmon later on in the season. On the other hand, the Fish and Wildlife Service plans to spend as much as $150 million in buying water to drastically increase Shasta re-leases to the delta, allegedly to protect delta smelt—dumping water in the middle of this year. That is right, Mr. Speaker. Federal agencies are simultaneously demand-ing that more water be released from reservoirs, not for human use, and that more water be kept in the reservoirs but not for human use. Neither demand is backed by science but, rather, by whim or by hunch. The only common theme of these contradictory Federal policies is that both plans give Califor-nians the short end of the stick. Mr. Speaker, it is time this lunacy ends and Federal agencies start mak-ing decisions based on facts, not on the contradictory whims of unelected bu-reaucrats, and to protect water users, especially in the North State. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUALS TO THE COMMISSION ON EVI-DENCE-BASED POLICYMAKING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 3(a) of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.052 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3495 June 7, 2016 
the Evidence-Based Policymaking Commission Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–140), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following indi-viduals on the part of the House to the Commission on Evidence-Based Policy-making: Mr. Ron Haskins, Rockville, Mary-land, Co-Chairman Mr. Bruce Meyer, Chicago, Illinois Mr. Robert Hahn, Hillsboro Beach, Florida 
f 
TRANSGENDER SURGERY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, as you know, we have had some interesting discussions here on the floor in recent days about transgender as a topic and as individuals of interest. In having talked a couple of times with one man who had been through a sex change op-eration, what he told me was—really, the best expert in the world on the issue of transgender is the former head of psychiatry at Johns Hopkins, now a retired diplomat, but he speaks for himself. Anyway, there was an article pub-lished back in 2014 that Dr. Paul McHugh had updated and that has been republished in the Wall Street Journal on May 13, 2016. It is entitled ‘‘Transgender Surgery Isn’t the Solu-tion: A drastic physical change doesn’t address underlying psychosocial trou-bles.’’ Since there are so many people who have opined on this subject who have not dealt seriously with the issue, it seemed like it would be helpful to read from this article that was written by what one transgender explained was a great article by whom he thought was the world’s leading expert on transgender issues. b1930 But Dr. Paul McHugh, who obviously is a brilliant man and obviously a man who cares very deeply about individ-uals, especially those who have transgender as an issue, says: ‘‘The government and media alliance advancing the transgender cause has gone into overdrive in recent weeks. On May 30, a U.S. Department of Health and Human Services review board ruled that Medicare can pay for the ‘reas-signment’ surgery sought by the transgendered—those who say that they don’t identify with their biologi-cal sex. Earlier last month Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said that he was ‘open’ to lifting a ban on transgender individuals serving in the military. Time magazine, seeing the trend, ran a cover story for its June 9 issue called ‘The Transgender Tipping Point: America’s next civil rights fron-tier.’ ‘‘Yet policymakers and the media are doing no favors either to the public or the transgendered by treating their confusions as a right in need of defend-ing rather than as a mental disorder that deserves understanding, treat-ment, and prevention. This intensely felt sense of being transgendered con-stitutes a mental disorder in two re-spects. The first is that the idea of sex misalignment is simply mistaken—it does not correspond with physical re-ality. The second is that it can lead to grim psychological outcomes.’’ Let me insert parenthetically here into Dr. McHugh’s article, having talked to him twice in the last couple of weeks. He was aware—and he point-ed out that the DSM–V, the latest Di-agnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition, evolves over time in line with the new scientific training and information available. It renames, as required, as they believe is appropriate, different conditions that may be diagnosed in accepted diagnoses. In the fifth edition of the DSM, it has gone from calling transgender a mental disorder to call-ing it a dysphoria, a gender dysphoria. Dysphoria basically is the opposite— it is an antonym of euphoria, and it ba-sically means that someone is gen-erally dissatisfied with their biological sex. And Dr. McHugh said that he thinks that ‘‘dysphoria’’ probably is a better word than ‘‘disorder’’ because it makes clearer what the situation is. It is someone who is generally not satis-fied with their biological sex. His article goes on, though, and says: ‘‘The transgendered suffer a disorder of ‘assumption’ like those in other dis-orders familiar to psychiatrists. With the transgendered, the disordered as-sumption is that the individual differs from what seems given in nature— namely one’s maleness or femaleness. Other kinds of disordered assumptions are held by those who suffer from ano-rexia and bulimia nervosa, where the assumption that departs from physical reality is the belief by the dangerously thin that they are overweight.’’ Dr. McHugh goes on and says: ‘‘With body dysmorphic disorder, an often socially crippling condition, the individual is consumed by the assump-tion ‘I’m ugly.’ These disorders occur in subjects who have come to believe that some of their psycho-social con-flicts or problems will be resolved if they can change the way that they ap-pear to others. Such ideas work like ruling passions in their subjects’ mind and tend to be accompanied by a sol-ipsistic argument.’’ Dr. McHugh goes on: ‘‘For the transgendered, this argu-ment holds that one’s feeling of ‘gen-der’ is a conscious, subjective sense that, being in one’s mind, cannot be questioned by others. The individual often seeks not just society’s tolerance of this ‘personal truth’ but affirmation of it. Here rests the support for ‘transgender equality,’ the demands for government payment for medical and surgical treatments, and for access to all sex-based public roles and privi-leges.’’ Dr. McHugh makes really important points as he goes forward: ‘‘With this argument, advocates for the transgendered have persuaded sev-eral states—including California, New Jersey, and Massachusetts—to pass laws barring psychiatrists, even with parental permission, from striving to restore natural gender feelings to a transgender minor. That government can intrude into parents’ rights to seek help in guiding their children indicates how powerful these advocates have be-come.’’ He goes on: ‘‘How to respond? Psychiatrists obvi-ously must challenge the solipsistic concept that what is in the mind can-not be questioned. Disorders of con-sciousness, after all, represent psychia-try’s domain; declaring them off-limits would eliminate the field.’’ We are talking about psychiatry. Dr. McHugh says: ‘‘Many will recall how, in the 1990s, an accusation of parental sex abuse of children was deemed unquestionable by the solipsists of the ‘recovered mem-ory’ craze.’’ Dr. McHugh goes on and says: ‘‘You won’t hear it from those cham-pioning transgender equality, but con-trolled and follow-up studies reveal fundamental problems with this move-ment. When children who reported transgender feelings were tracked without medical or surgical treatment at both Vanderbilt University and Lon-don’s Portman Clinic, 70%–80% of them spontaneously lost those feelings. Some 25% did have persisting feelings; what differentiates those individuals remains to be discerned.’’ As he pointed out on the air about 10 days ago, we all can recall girls we grew up with that were considered tomboys, who later grew up to be quite beautiful and quite feminine. They didn’t need any liberals rushing in and forcing them to go in the boy’s rest-room because they identified more with what boys were doing. But Dr. McHugh goes on in his arti-cle, and he says: ‘‘We at Johns Hopkins University— which in the 1960s was the first Amer-ican medical center to venture into ‘sex-reassignment surgery’—launched a study in the 1970s comparing the out-comes of transgendered people who had the surgery with the outcomes of those who did not.’’ I will insert parenthetically that I re-member reading that Johns Hopkins medical center had been the first hos-pital in the United States to begin doing sex change operations back in the ’60s. I remembered reading that. I never remembered reading that they ever stopped. But Dr. McHugh’s article points out—and I am going back and reading from the article: ‘‘Most of the surgically treated pa-tients described themselves as ‘satis-fied’ by the results, but their subse-quent psycho-social adjustments were no better than those who didn’t have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.054 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3496 June 7, 2016 
the surgery. And so at Hopkins we stopped doing sex-reassignment sur-gery, since producing a ‘satisfied’ but still troubled patient seemed an inad-equate reason for surgically ampu-tating normal organs. ‘‘It now appears that our long-ago de-cision was a wise one.’’ Well, Mr. Speaker, I never remem-bered reading anywhere and I don’t re-call articles talking about how Johns Hopkins said, look, we are having no better mental, emotional results from those who have had the surgery, so we are going to stop doing the surgery. This was Johns Hopkins; they were on the cutting edge of trying to advance gender change or sex change oper-ations. They were doing those origi-nally. This forward-looking, people-caring institution at Johns Hopkins medical center decided years ago that we may be doing more harm than good and we are going to stop doing sex change sur-gery. So no one can accuse them of try-ing to make more money—because ob-viously they would make money from the sex change operations—and not make money from stopping the sex change operations. But apparently those in charge at Johns Hopkins took rather serious the idea that doctors should first do no harm. He goes on and points out in his arti-cle: ‘‘A 2011 study at the Karolinska In-stitute in Sweden produced the most il-luminating results yet regarding the transgendered, evidence that should give advocates pause. The long-term study—up to 30 years—followed 324 peo-ple’’—so they have got hundreds in their database here and are following for 30 years—‘‘who had sex-reassign-ment surgery. The study revealed that beginning about 10 years after having the surgery, the transgendered began to experience increasing mental dif-ficulties. Most shockingly, their sui-cide mortality rose almost 20-fold above the comparable nontransgender population. This disturbing result has as yet no explanation but probably re-flects the growing sense of isolation re-ported by the aging transgendered after surgery. The high suicide rate certainly challenges the surgery pre-scription.’’ Now, Mr. Speaker, I know there are people on the floor that are pushing for civil rights equality for the transgender and to let them go into whatever restrooms they feel like rep-resents the gender they are at that par-ticular time, but the studies have shown that when someone has a gen-eral dissatisfaction with their biologi-cal sex, that doing the surgery to make them that sex gives them 20 times more likelihood of committing suicide. b1945 I know there is nobody on the other side of the aisle who has been pushing this issue that wants people to commit suicide at 20 times the rate of nontransgendered people, but this is where this ultimately goes. I don’t believe our President wants people to commit suicide at 20 times the rate of nontransgendered people, yet what he is urging right now, the best studies in the world indicate will be the outcome. What this President is doing in pushing people who at one point in their lives have a general dis-satisfaction, or dysphoria, with their biological sex is causing more damage for these individuals down the road than he will be around to do anything about. It is not enough to say, ‘‘I care more than you do for those who want men to go in girls dressing rooms and bathrooms’’ when you are doing the kind of harm that the best studies in the world are showing has been done. Back to Dr. McHugh’s article, he says: ‘‘There are subgroups of the transgendered, and for none does ‘reas-signment’ seem apt. One group includes male prisoners like Pvt. Bradley Man-ning, the convicted national-security leaker who now wishes to be called Chelsea. Facing long sentences and the rigors of a men’s prison, they have an obvious motive for wanting to change their sex and hence their prison. Given that they committed their crimes as males, they should be punished as such; after serving their time, they will then be free to reconsider their gender. ‘‘Another subgroup consists of young men and women susceptible to sugges-tion from ‘everything is normal’ sex education, amplified by Internet chat groups. These are the transgender sub-jects most like anorexia nervosa pa-tients: they become persuaded that seeking a drastic physical change will banish their psycho-social problems. ‘Diversity’ counselors in their schools, rather like cult leaders, may encourage these young people to distance them-selves from their families and offer ad-vice on rebutting arguments against having transgender surgery. Treat-ments here must begin with removing the young person from the suggestive environment and offering a counter- message in family therapy.’’ That is not me. That is what one transgendered gentleman who has had the sex change operation and knows more about transgender than any M.D. in the world, Dr. Paul McHugh. Now, Dr. McHugh, when I talked to him, said he thinks there are some others who know more, but they support his posi-tions on what he is saying, which helped him come to these positions. But Dr. McHugh goes on: ‘‘Then there is the subgroup of very young, often prepubescent children who notice dis-tinct sex roles in the culture and, ex-ploring how they fit in, begin imitating the opposite sex. Misguided doctors at medical centers including Boston’s Children’s Hospital have begun trying to treat this behavior by administering puberty-delaying hormones to render later sex change surgeries less oner-ous—even though the drugs stunt the children’s growth and risk causing ste-rility. Given that close to 80 percent of such children would abandon their con-fusion and grow naturally into an adult life if untreated, these medical inter-ventions come close to child abuse. A better way to help these children: with devoted parenting.’’ This psychiatrist says: ‘‘At the heart of the problem is confusion over the nature of the transgendered. ‘Sex change’ is biologically impossible. Peo-ple who undergo sex reassignment sur-gery do not change from men to women or vice versa. Rather, they become feminized men or masculinized women. Claiming that this is a civil rights matter and encouraging surgical inter-vention is in reality to collaborate with and promote a mental disorder’’— or mental dysphoria, if you would rath-er. Then I have this article from Walt Heyer. Having visited with Walt, I have eminent respect for this man who un-derwent a sex change operation from man to woman years ago. He is now in his seventies. This is his article pub-lished in The Daily Signal May 16 of this year. He says: ‘‘President Barack Obama, the titular head of the LGBT move-ment, has added to the firestorm of confusion, misunderstanding, and fury surrounding the transgender bathroom debate by threatening schools with loss of Federal funding unless they allow students to join the sex-segregated restroom, locker room, and sports teams of their chosen gender, without regard to biological reality: ‘‘I know firsthand what it is like to be a transgender person—and how mis-guided it is to think one can change gender through hormones and sur-gery.’’ Walt Heyer says: ‘‘His action,’’ talk-ing about President Obama, ‘‘comes after weeks of protest against the State of North Carolina for its so- called anti-LGBT bathroom bill. ‘‘As someone who underwent surgery from male to female and lived as a fe-male for 8 years before returning to liv-ing as a man, I know firsthand what it is like to be a transgender person—and how misguided it is to think one can change gender through hormones and surgery. ‘‘And I know that the North Carolina bill and others like it are not anti- LGBT.’’ He says: ‘‘L is for lesbian. The bill is not anti-lesbian because lesbians have no desire to enter a stinky men’s rest-room. Lesbians will use the women’s room without a second thought. So the law is not anti-L. ‘‘G is for gay. Gay men have no inter-est in using women’s bathrooms. So the law is not anti-G. ‘‘B is for bisexual. The B in the LGBT have never been confused about their gender. Theirs is also a sexual pref-erence only that doesn’t affect choice of restroom or locker.’’ But he says: ‘‘The North Carolina law is not anti-T because the law clearly states that the appropriate restroom is the one that corresponds to the gender stated on the birth certificate. There-fore, a transgender person with a birth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.056 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3497 June 7, 2016 
certificate that reads ‘female’ uses the female restroom, even if the gender noted at birth was male. ‘‘So, you see, the law is not anti- LGBT. What then is all the uproar about?’’ Walt Heyer goes on, he says: ‘‘What has arisen is a new breed emerging among young people that falls outside the purview of the LGBT: the gender nonconformists. ‘‘Gender nonconformists, who con-stitute a minuscule fraction of society, want to be allowed to designate a gen-der on a fluid basis, based on their feel-ings at the moment.’’ Walt Heyer says: ‘‘I call this group ‘gender defiant’ because they protest against the definition of fixed gender identities of male and female. The gen-der defiant individuals are not like tra-ditional transgender or transsexual persons who struggle with gender dys-phoria and want hormone therapy, hor-mone blockers, and eventually, reas-signment surgery. The gender defiant group doesn’t want to conform, com-ply, or identify with traditional gender norms of male and female. They want to have gender fluidity, flowing freely from one gender to another, by the hour or day, as they feel like it.’’ Mr. Speaker, coming from a transgender individual who had sex change surgery, this is quite an article. He goes on to say: ‘‘Under the cover of the LGBT, the anti-gender faction and its supporters are using the North Carolina bathroom bill to light a fuse to blow up factual gender definitions. ‘‘He does not grasp the biological fact that genders are not fluid, but fixed: male and female. ‘‘Obama is championing the insanity of eliminating the traditional defini-tion of gender. He does not grasp the biological fact that genders are not fluid, but fixed: male and female.’’ Here I would also like to insert par-enthetically. This is not from Walt Heyer. But in talking with Dr. McHugh, who had headed up psychiatry for so many years at Johns Hopkins, who cares deeply about people who are confused over gender, he was pointing out—he brought up the MMPI and asked if I knew what that was. Well, I knew. It is the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Index, as I recall. But it is a personality test, and as far as I know, it is the most complete testing any-body has done on personality. It has different scales in there, and as Dr. McHugh pointed out, scale 5 is mas-culine at one end, feminine at another end. Based on the questions that are asked, the MMPI score gives an indica-tion on the male-female scale as to where someone is in that scale. It has nothing to do with biological sex. Ap-parently, most of us may have different places on that scale at different ages, and there is nothing abnormal about that. People are to be comforted and coun-seled, not have laws passed that they can’t get help from their parents, they can’t get help from loving counselors, they can’t get help from psychiatrists. As Dr. McHugh pointed out, when these States like California and New Jersey pass laws that some confused minor with no biological indications of a problem, so the problem is all in the mind, when you pass laws saying you can’t get counseling for what is all in the mind, as Dr. McHugh says sarcasti-cally, you might as well outlaw all of psychiatry because what they deal with are things that have not pre-sented normally. They have not pre-sented a biological scientific issue. Going back to Walt Heyer’s article, he says: ‘‘Gender nonconformists, who constitute a minuscule fraction of soci-ety, want to be allowed to designate gender on a fluid basis, based on their feelings at the moment.’’ He said: ‘‘I call this group ’gender de-fiant’ because they protest against the definition of fixed gender identities of male and female. The gender defiant individuals are not like traditional transgender or transsexual persons who struggle with gender dysphoria and want hormone therapy, hormone blockers, and eventually, reassign-ment. The gender defiant group doesn’t want to conform, comply, or identify with traditional gender norms of male and female.’’ And I know I have read this, but this is so critical. He says: ‘‘Under the cover of LGBT, the anti-gender faction and its supporters are using the North Carolina bathroom bill to light a fuse to blow up factual gender definitions.’’ Now, going on: ‘‘Using the power of his position,’’ talking about our Presi-dent, ‘‘to influence the elimination of gender, overruling science, genetics, and biblical beliefs, is Obama’s display of political power.’’ b2000 ‘‘One fact will remain, no matter how deep in the tank Obama goes for the gender nonconformists, genetics and God’s design of male and female, no matter how repugnant that is to some, cannot be changed. Biological gender remains fixed no matter how many cross-gender hormones are taken or cosmetic surgeries are performed. No law can change the genetic and biblical truth of God’s design. Using financial blackmail to achieve the elimination of gender will become Obama’s ugly legacy.’’ Now that is from a guy who has had the surgery, who has had the hor-mones. He has been through it all. Walt Heyer has a blog. He has overcome his alcohol addiction. I asked him—I don’t think he would mind me repeating—I said that we learned from the Swedish study over 30 years, people that have had these sex change operations are 20 times more likely to commit suicide. I said: Did those thoughts enter your mind—suicidal ideations? And he indi-cated that he had tried to commit sui-cide. I didn’t elaborate. This is a man that knows. And so is Dr. Paul McHugh. To try to make this a new civil rights issue holds these people up for political football. Everybody knows footballs get changed out from game to game. Some political football will be the new football in another game. I doubt that the people in this room that have been using transgender as a football will go back like the Swedish study or the Johns Hopkins study did and see the damage that has been done. Eighty percent, if left untreated, have very, very normal lives and normal mental affect down the road—if they are left untreated. But my friends who support this want to make them a po-litical football. We have this article, then, from June 3. Melody Wood wrote the headline: 6 Men Who Disguised Themselves as Women to Access Bathrooms. She reports: ‘‘The Obama administration has un-lawfully rewritten law, meddling in State and local matters, and imposing bad policy on the entire Nation. ‘‘Americans agree that while we should be sensitive to transgender indi-viduals, others also have rights of pri-vacy, safety, and their own beliefs that deserve respect and should not simply be pushed aside, especially when transgender persons can be accommo-dated in other ways. ‘‘The risk to the privacy and safety of women and girls is real. There have been numerous cases in recent years of men either cross-dressing or claiming to be transgender in order to access women’s bathrooms and locker rooms for inappropriate purposes. ‘‘Here are six examples: ‘‘In 2009, a sex offender named Rich-ard Rendler was arrested for wearing fake breasts and a wig while loitering in a woman’s restroom in Campbell, California, shopping center. Rendler had previously been arrested on charges of child molestation and inde-cent exposure. ‘‘In 2010, Berkeley police arrested Gregorio Hernandez. Hernandez had disguised himself as a woman on two separate occasions to get inside a UC Berkeley locker room. Once in the locker room, Hernandez allegedly used his cell phone to photograph women. ‘‘In 2013, Jason Pomare was arrested for cross-dressing in order to gain ac-cess to the women’s restroom at a Macy’s department store in Palmdale, California. Pomare snuck a video cam-era in to secretly videotape women while they used the restroom. ‘‘In 2014, Christopher Hambrook—who faked being a transgender person named Jessica—was jailed in Toronto, Canada. Hambrook preyed on women at two Toronto shelters, and had pre-viously preyed on other women and girls as young as five years old to as old as 53. Hambrook’s case in par-ticular shows the importance of pro-tecting the privacy and safety of some of our most vulnerable citizens: the homeless and others who seek emer-gency shelter. And yet, the Obama ad-ministration recently proposed a rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.058 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3498 June 7, 2016 
that would impose a ‘gender identity’ mandate here as well. ‘‘In 2015, two spying instances were recorded in Virginia—one at a mall and one at a Walmart. Both instances in-volved a man in women’s clothing who used a mirror and camera to take pic-tures of a mother and her 5-year-old daughter and a 53-year-old woman while they were in neighboring rest-room stalls. The suspect wore a pink shirt and a long wig to present himself as a woman. ‘‘In 2016, a man used a women’s lock-er room at a public swimming pool in Washington State to undress in front of young girls who were changing for swim practice. When Seattle Parks and Recreation staff asked him to leave, the man claimed that ‘the law has changed and I have a right to be here.’ The man was apparently referring to a Washington State rule that allows in-dividuals to use the bathroom that cor-responds with their gender identity. However, the man made no attempt to present as a woman. ‘‘As these examples illustrate, there are people who will abuse transgender policies. Although the Obama adminis-tration wants to keep its focus on bathrooms, its transgender directive goes much farther and actually re-quires biological male students who identify as female to be granted unfet-tered access to women’s and girls’ showers at school gyms. ‘‘So what are women and girls to do when a biological male wearing a wig and makeup walks into an open shower next to them and they are shocked by the intrusion? According to the admin-istration’s directive, ‘the desire to ac-commodate others’ discomfort’ is no reason at all to prevent transgender people from accessing the intimate fa-cilities of their choice. ‘‘Moreover, the directive prevents schools from requiring transgender people to have surgery, take hormones, have a medical diagnosis, or even act or dress in any particular way before having the ‘right’ to be treated exactly like a person of the opposite sex. ‘‘The logical effect would be to si-lence women and girls who might oth-erwise speak out to prevent serious crimes from happening for fear that they would be accused of bigotry if they make the wrong call. ‘‘The interests and desires of transgender persons, especially adults, shouldn’t be placed over the privacy and safety of women and girls. There are ways of accommodating transgender people with private facili-ties without endangering and silencing women who could be hurt by policies allowing anyone unfettered access to their lockers, showers, and bath-rooms.’’ That is from Melody Wood. It also reminds me of back years ago when the issue of hate crimes was aris-ing and we were going to punish people more severely based on what was in their minds, such as did they choose a person, a victim, based on their being a member of an identifiable group? That created a problem for me as one who has sentenced felons up to and in-cluding the death penalty, because from the testimony we heard over and over, those who used to be called sociopaths under the old DSM-II be-came antisocial personality disorder. But they knew right from wrong. They just chose to do wrong. And they would pick victims at random. They didn’t really care. The people that testified in my court repeatedly made clear that if someone has this antisocial personality dis-order, formerly sociopath, psychopath, they had less chance of being reformed and coming out of prison and shying away from wrongdoing. A lesser chance of reforming them. Whereas the testimony indicated in different cases that if someone com-mitted an act in the heat of passion— often it was a one-time crime that had to be punished for its own crime’s sake, but that they were not likely to ever commit that crime again. There were some who committed crimes. They were not antisocial personality, but they had been brought up to hate a spe-cific group or people, and they com-mitted some act or crime against them. I always made sure—it didn’t matter whether they picked their victim be-cause of sexual orientation—if they committed an assault of any kind, up to and including murder, I made sure they were punished severely for the crime they committed, because every person deserves to be protected from an assault. So hate crimes comes in. And those who chose a person based on a hatred they were taught, there are indications there have been some great successes with confrontations between them after they were sentenced with victims or victims’ families in which the per-son who was not an antisocial person-ality would weep and recant and apolo-gize and beg for forgiveness and never have that kind of hatred again and would begin associating with people, whether they were of a different race, creed, color, or gender. They had a bet-ter chance of being rehabilitated. Yet, the hate crime law came in. In fact, under the Federal law, if you con-vince a jury—just raise a reasonable doubt as a defendant—no, I didn’t pick that victim because they were this, that, or the other; I just wanted to shoot somebody that day—if you raise a reasonable doubt that you may have randomly picked the victim, it is a complete defense to the Federal hate crime law. That is a messed up law. I also gave the example that, based on so many of the hate crime laws, you could someday—and I was called crazy and all kind of names for giving this example—but the example I thought many years ago that was appropriate, based on the hate crimes legislation, is that you could have a situation where a mother and her young daughter are standing on a street corner, somebody opens their trench coat and flashes the daughter, and the mother, out of that protective instinct they have to pro-tect the child, hits the flasher with her purse. The flasher—in a lot of jurisdictions, that is a minimal misdemeanor—prob-ably would never do any jail time. He might have to pay a fine or spend 1 day in jail. But because the woman hit him because of his sexual orientation to-ward flashing, then she is now guilty under many hate crime laws of com-mitting a felony and can get prison time under these misguided hate crime laws. And I warned that we would get to this point. And then when I hear on the news some woman got mad when a guy came in dressed as a woman, scared her, and she hit him, then she gets arrested. This is what happens. This is the kind of miscarriage of justice you get when we don’t base laws on facts. And then we have this article from Rebecca Kheel. Of course, most of us have heard the headlines. We know the Department of Veterans Affairs, or the VA, has had problems. People have been dying while waiting to get the treatment they needed. And now the VA proposes covering surgeries for transgender vets. They are not even taking care of the vets when they need help, and now they are going to take up a procedure that Johns Hopkins says does more harm than good, that the best study in the world from Sweden says they are going to be 20 times more likely to kill them-selves. Have we not lost enough veterans al-ready? The VA wants to make them 20 times more vulnerable to suicide than they already are? It is time to stop the nonsense. And I would submit, Mr. Speaker, having reviewed the information that Dr. Paul McHugh from Johns Hopkins provided and Walt Heyer provided and that I looked into based on their direction, one thing is imminently clear: the issue of transgender is not based on bi-ological science, it is not based on medical science, it is not based on physical science, it is not based on chemical science. There is only one science that this whole transgender issue before the Congress is based on, and that is political science. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate agree to the amend-ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2576) ‘‘An Act to modernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, and for other purposes.’’. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida (at the re-quest of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.060 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3499 June 7, 2016 
account of his flight being delayed from Miami to Washington, D.C. Mr. D
UFFY (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and June 8 on ac-count of the birth of his child. Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and June 8 on account of business in the district. Ms. B
ROWN of Florida (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of flight delayed. Mr. F
ARR (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today through June 10 on account of family and health issues. Ms. J
ACKSON LEE(at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of of-ficial business. Mr. P
AYNE (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of official business. Mr. S
WALWELL of California (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on ac-count of primary election day in Cali-fornia. Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on June 3, 2016, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 3601. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Build-ing.’’ H.R 3735. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office.’’ H.R 3866. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1265 Hurffville Road in Deptford Township, New Jersey, as the ‘‘First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building.’’ H.R. 4046. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 220 East Oak Street, Glenwood City, Wisconsin, as the Second Lt. Ellen Ainsworth Memorial Post Office. H.R. 4605. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa as the ‘‘Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Building.’’ H.R. 136. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Office.’’ H.R. 433. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 523 East Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memo-rial Post Office.’’ H.R. 1132. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1048 West Robinhood Drive in Stockton, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘W. Ronald Coale Memorial Post Office Building.’’ H.R. 2458. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5351 Lapalco Boulevard in Marrero, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Lionel R. Collins, Sr. Post Office Build-ing.’’ H.R. 2928. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Perryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Har-old George Bennett Post Office.’’ H.R. 3082. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5919 Chef Menteur Highway in New Orleans, Lou-isiana, as the ‘‘Daryle Holloway Post Office Building.’’ H.R. 3274. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Georgia, as the ‘‘Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office.’’ Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, further reported that on June 7, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing joint resolution: 
H.J. Res. 88. Disapproving the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary.’’ f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, June 8, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5577. A letter from the Chair, Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System, trans-mitting the Board’s 102nd Annual Report for calendar year 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 5578. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Portable Air Conditioners [Docket No.: EERE-2014-BT-TP-0014] (RIN: 1904-AD22) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5579. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Administration for Community Liv-ing, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Administration for Community Liv-ing — Regulatory Consolidation received June 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5580. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Partial Approval and Par-tial Disapproval of Air Quality State Imple-mentation Plans; Arizona; Infrastructure Re-quirements to Address Interstate Transport for the 2008 Ozone NAAQS; Correction [EPA- R09-OAR-2015-0793; FRL-9947-27-Region 9) re-ceived June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5581. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Nevada: Final Authoriza-tion of State Hazardous Waste Management Program Revisions [EPA-R09-RCRA-2015- 0822; FRL-9947-28-Region 9) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5582. A letter from the Chief, Mobility Di-vision, Wireless Telecommunications Bu-reau, Federal Communication Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of the Commission’s Rules with Regard to Commercial Operations in the 3550-3650 MHz Band [GN Docket No.: 12-354) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5583. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Gray Television License, LLC and New Rushmore Radio, Inc., Amendment of Section 73.622(i) Digital Television Table of Allotments (Scottsbluff, Nebraska and Sid-ney, Nebraska) [MB Docket No.: 16-29] [RM- 11758] received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5584. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to North Korea that was declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5585. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to the Western Balkans that was declared in Executive Order 13219 of June 26, 2001 and Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5586. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(d)(1); Public Law 92-403, Sec. 1; (86 Stat. 619); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5587. A letter from the Chief Executive Of-ficer, Corporation for National and Commu-nity Service, transmitting the Corporation’s Inspector General Semiannual Report to Congress and Response and Report on Final Action for the six-month period from Octo-ber 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 5588. A letter from the Inspector General, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s Inspector General Semiannual Report to Congress for the period from Octo-ber 1, 2015 to March 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec.5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5589. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s Inspector General Semiannual Report to the Congress for the reporting pe-riod October 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5590. A letter from the Board Chairman, Farm Credit System Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Rules of Practice and Procedure; Adjusting Civil Money Penalties for Inflation (RIN: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.062 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3500 June 7, 2016 
3055-AA11) received June 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5591. A letter from the Administrator, Gen-eral Service Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Inspector General Semiannual Report to the Congress for the period of October 1, 2015, through March 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 5592. A letter from the Chairman, National Endowment for the Arts, transmitting the National Endowment’s Inspector General Semiannual Report to the Congress and the Chairman’s Semiannual Report on Final Ac-tion Resulting from Audit Reports, Inspec-tion Reports, and Evaluation Reports for the period of October 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 5593. A letter from the Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmit-ting a report entitled ‘‘The Impact of ‘Ban the Box’ in the District of Columbia’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5594. A letter from the Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmit-ting a report entitled, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 An-nual Report on Advisory Neighborhood Com-missions’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5595. A letter from the Chairman, U.S. Election Assistance Commission, transmit-ting the Commission’s Inspector General Semiannual Report to Congress for the pe-riod October 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5596. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Deep-Water Species Fishery by Vessels Using Trawl Gear in the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 150818742-6210-02] (RIN: 0648-XE623) received June 1, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5597. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels Using Trawl Gear in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 150916863-6211-02] (RIN: 0648-XE611) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5598. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Ves-sels Using Pot Gear in the Central Regu-latory Area of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 150818742-6210-02] (RIN: 0648-XE556) re-ceived June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5599. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066-5717-02] (RIN: 0648- XE579) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5600. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Sablefish Managed Under the In-dividual Fishing Quota Program [Docket No.: 150818742-6210-02 and 150916863-6211-02] (RIN: 0648-XE507) received June 1, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5601. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels Using Trawl Gear in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 150916863-6211-02] (RIN: 0648-XE557) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5602. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 150916863-6211-02] (RIN: 0648-XE563) re-ceived June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5603. A letter from the Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmitting a deter-mination in the case of Helman v. Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, No. 15-3086 (Fed. Cir.), pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 530D(a); Public Law 107-273, Sec. 202(a); (116 Stat. 1771); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5604. A letter from the Acting Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Director for Financial Management, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Commerce Debt Collection [Docket No.: 150902806-5806-01] (RIN: 0605-AA40) received June 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5605. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulations, Re-curring Marine Events in Captain of the Port Long Island Sound Zone [Docket No.: USCG- 2015-0100] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5606. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone: San Francisco State Graduation Fireworks Dis-play, San Francisco, CA [Docket No.: USCG- 2016-0177] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5607. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Anchorage Regulations; Dela-ware River, Philadelphia, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0825] (RIN: 1625-AA01) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5608. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Drawbridge Oper-ation Regulation; Youngs Bay, Astoria, OR [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0090] (RIN: 1625- AA09) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5609. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone, Block Island Wind Farm; Rhode Island Sound, RI [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0026] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5610. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River, Minneapolis, MN [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0337] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5611. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Na-tional Grid — Beck Lockport 104 & Beck Harper 106 Removal Project; Niagara River, Lewiston, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0265] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 1, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5612. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Navy UNDET, Apra Outer Harbor and Piti, GU [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0274] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5613. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone, Cape Fear River; Southport, NC [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0306] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5614. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zones; Annual events re-quiring safety zones in the Captain of the Port Lake Michigan zone [Docket No.: USCG-2015-1081] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5615. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Hudson River, Jersey City, NJ, Manhattan, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0109] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5616. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07JN7.000 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3501 June 7, 2016 
Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Newport Beach Harbor Grand Canal Bridge Construc-tion; Newport Beach, CA [Docket No.: USCG- 2016-0227] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5617. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Pacific Ocean, North Shore Oahu, HI — Recovery Operations [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0272] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 1, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5618. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Security Zone; Port of New York, moving Security Zone; Cana-dian Naval Vessels [Docket No.: USCG-2016- 0215] (RIN: 1625-AA87) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5619. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Security Zone; Tall- Ship CUAUHTEMOC; Thames River, New London Harbor, New London, CT [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0250] (RIN: 1625-AA87) re-ceived June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5620. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulations, Re-curring Marine Events in Captain of the Port Long Island Sound Zone [Docket No.: USCG- 2015-0100] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5621. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zones; Upper Mississippi River between mile 179.2 and 180.5, St. Louis, MO and between mile 839.5 and 840.0, St. Paul, MN [Docket No.: USCG- 2016-0354] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5622. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Sabine River, Orange, Texas [Docket No.: USCG- 2016-0321] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5623. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Lake of the Ozarks, Lakeside, MO [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0276] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received June 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5624. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report to the Congress con-cerning the extension of waiver authority for Turkmenistan, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 2432(d)(1); Public Law 93-618, Sec. 402(d)(1); (88 Stat. 2056); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5625. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report to the Congress con-cerning the extension of waiver authority for Belarus, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 2432(d)(1); Pub-lic Law 93-618, Sec. 402(d)(1); (88 Stat. 2056); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5626. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Presidential Determination No. 2016-07, Suspension of Limitations under the Jerusalem Embassy Act, pursuant to Public Law 104-45, Sec. 7(a); (109 Stat. 400); jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and Appropriations. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. Supplemental report on H.R. 4775. A bill to facilitate efficient State im-plementation of ground-level ozone stand-ards, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–598, Pt. 2). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5273. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for regulatory relief under the Medicare pro-gram for certain providers of services and suppliers and increased transparency in hos-pital coding and enrollment data, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–604, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CULBERSON: Committee on Appro-priations. H.R. 5393. A bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–605). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. DIAZ-BALART: Committee on Appro-priations. H.R. 5394. A bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–606). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 767. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4775) to fa-cilitate efficient State implementation of ground-level ozone standards, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 89) ex-pressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy; and providing for the con-sideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 112) expressing the sense of Con-gress opposing the President’s proposed $10 tax on every barrel of oil (Rept. 114–607). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5273 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 5385. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make technical cor-rections to the requirement that the Sec-retary of Homeland Security submit quad-rennial homeland security reviews, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security. By Ms. ESHOO (for herself, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C OHEN , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. C
OSTA , and Mr. P OCAN ): H.R. 5386. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to require can-didates of major parties for the office of President to disclose recent tax return infor-mation; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself and Mr. C
ROWLEY ): H.R. 5387. A bill to authorize actions to ad-vance the United States-India relationship, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Ways and Means, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAUL): H.R. 5388. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for innovative research and development, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-sissippi): H.R. 5389. A bill to encourage engagement between the Department of Homeland Secu-rity and technology innovators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security. By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE): H.R. 5390. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Cyber-security and Infrastructure Protection Agen-cy of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Over-sight and Government Reform, and Trans-portation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 5391. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance certain du-ties of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Of-fice, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 5392. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to improve the Veterans Crisis Line; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Sep 03, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\JUNE2016\H07JN6.REC H07JN6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3502 June 7, 2016 
By Mr. BURGESS (for himself and Ms. M
ATSUI ): H.R. 5395. A bill to require studies and re-ports examining the use of, and opportuni-ties to use, technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to im-prove programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. M
CDERMOTT (for himself, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. G RAYSON , and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY ): H.R. 5396. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage of dental, vision, and hearing care under the Medicare program; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Ms. H ER-
RERA BEUTLER , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-ington, Mr. M
CDERMOTT , and Mr. H
ECKof Washington): H.R. 5397. A bill to redesignate the Olympic Wilderness as the Daniel J. Evans Wilder-ness; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: H.R. 5398. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to reform the United States immigration system to provide for a competitive America, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Homeland Security, Foreign Affairs, and Education and the Workforce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 5399. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that physicians of the Department of Veterans Affairs fulfill the ethical duty to report to State licensing au-thorities impaired, incompetent, and uneth-ical health care activities; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia (for himself and Mr. P
IERLUISI ): H.R. 5400. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make permanent the de-duction for income attributable to domestic production activities in Puerto Rico; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 5401. A bill to amend the Fair Housing Act, to prohibit discrimination based on use of section 8 vouchers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5402. A bill to correct the Swan Lake hydroelectric project survey boundary and to provide for the conveyance of the remaining tract of land within the corrected survey boundary to the State of Alaska; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BUTTERFIELD (for himself, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. M OORE , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. C LY-
BURN , Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-nois, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C LAY, Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. E
DWARDS , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Ms. P INGREE , Ms. M ENG, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. V
ELA, Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Ms. E SHOO , and Ms. P
LASKETT ): H. Res. 766. A resolution honoring in praise and remembrance the extraordinary life, ac-complishments, and countless contributions of Mr. Muhammad Ali; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LAMBORN: H. Res. 768. A resolution recognizing the sense of the House of Representatives that it is in the United States’ national security in-terest for Israel to maintain control of the Golan Heights; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
250. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Oklahoma, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 4, re-questing the Congress of the United States call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 251. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Oklahoma, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 4, requesting the Con-gress of the United States call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 5385. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 5386. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 4, clause 1 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 5387. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 5388. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 5389. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MCCAUL: H.R. 5390. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 5391. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is introduced pursuant to the powers granted to Congress under the Gen-eral Welfare Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 1), the Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3), and the Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 18). Further, this statement of constitutional authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review of the accompanying bill. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 5392. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CULBERSON: H.R. 5393. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitu-tional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of avail-ability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Mr. DIAZ-BALART: H.R. 5394. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitu-tional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of avail-ability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07JN7.100 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3503 June 7, 2016 
By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 5395. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, of the United States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, of the United States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: H.R. 5396. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 5397. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: H.R. 5398. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 of the United States Constitution By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 5399. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Unites States Constitution. By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: H.R. 5400. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills.’’ Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the com-mon Defense and General Welfare of the United States; but all Duties and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 5401. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . .’’ By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5402. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 140: Mr. G OODLATTE . H.R. 241: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 266: Mr. G
OHMERT and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 335: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 391: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Ms. L
EE. H.R. 402: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 448: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 546: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 605: Mr. P
ERRY and Mr. P ITTENGER . H.R. 662: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 663: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 664: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT  H.R. 711: Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 802: Miss R
ICEof New York and Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 835: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 842: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 845: Mr. T
OMPRICE of Georgia. H.R. 855: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 864: Ms. D
UCKWORTH and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 885: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 923: Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. L
UCAS . H.R. 954: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 973: Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 997: Mr. C
RAMER and Mr. N EUGEBAUER . H.R. 1089: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 1095: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 1151: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 1170: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1188: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 1192: Mr. A
SHFORD , Mr. G ARRETT , and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 1197: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 1283: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 1312: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 1427: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Mr. L
UCAS . H.R. 1453: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 1459: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 1460: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
ONYERS , and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 1559: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia and Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 1714: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN and Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 1728: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 1763: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico, Mr. L
OEBSACK , and Mr. B RADY of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1859: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California and Mr. R
USH. H.R. 1904: Mr. M
CDERMOTT and Mr. R USH. H.R. 1905: Mr. M
CDERMOTT and Mr. R USH. H.R. 1925: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 1935: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 1943: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 2058: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 2087: Mr. H
INOJOSA and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2096: Ms. G
RANGER . H.R. 2170: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 2189: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 2215: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 2257: Ms. E
SHOO and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 2285: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 2313: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 2315: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. K IND, Mr. P
AYNE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 2404: Mr. A
SHFORD and Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER . H.R. 2411: Mrs. D
AVIS of California and Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 2515: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . H.R. 2715: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 2732: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 2799: Mr. M
CHENRY , Ms. L EE, Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn- sylvania, Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Ms. B
ROWN of Florida. H.R. 2804: Mr. TONKO and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H.R. 2874: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 2903: Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. R
IBBLE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C ARTER of Geor- gia, and Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 2920: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 2980: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 2992: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 3011: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 3119: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 3222: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 3226: Ms. M
OORE and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 3229: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3299: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 3308: Mr. H
ECKof Washington. H.R. 3323: Mr. H
ARDY . H.R. 3346: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3355: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 3381: Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana, Mr. H URD of Texas, Mr. B
OUSTANY , and Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER . H.R. 3397: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 3406: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 3463: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 3471: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 3514: Mr. D
OGGETT and Mr. I SRAEL . H.R. 3516: Mr. M
ULLIN and Mrs. H ARTZLER . H.R. 3520: Mr. G
ARRETT and Mr. R IGELL . H.R. 3533: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 3687: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 3706: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. T
AKANO , and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3742: Mr. N
UGENT and Mr. S HUSTER . H.R. 3765: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 3799: Mr. B
OUSTANY and Mr. F LEMING . H.R. 3815: Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. G ARRETT , and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 3822: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 3843: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 3846: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 3852: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 3880: Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 3886: Mr. H
ECKof Washington. H.R. 3892: Mr. D
OLD and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3929: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Ms. M AX-
INEWATERS of California, Mr. R OSS, Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. P IERLUISI , Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Ms. S PEIER . H.R. 3965: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 4073: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 4116: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 4144: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 4184: Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. M ATSUI , and Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 4212: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 4247: Mrs. W
ALORSKI and Mr. L ONG. H.R. 4352: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 4365: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 4381: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. M ICA, Mr. B
YRNE , and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4456: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. P
OLLS. H.R. 4462: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4490: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 4514: Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. B ARR, Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. W
ALDEN , Mr. N UNES , Mr. H IGGINS , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 4538: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 4556: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4559: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 4592: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. L
EWIS, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P RICE of North 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.029 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3504 June 7, 2016 
Carolina, Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. R
OSS, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. H
ANNA , Mr. T AKAI, and Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . H.R. 4612: Mr. M
ULLIN . H.R. 4614: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 4626: Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. A BRAHAM , Ms. G
RANGER , Mr. H ARPER , and Ms. L EE. H.R. 4640: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. T
AKANO , and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 4681: Ms. E
SHOO and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 4683: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 4684: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 4695: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. S
CHRADER , Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ . H.R. 4701: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 4708: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 4715: Mr. M
ASSIE . H.R. 4764: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 4768: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota, Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. H UIZENGA of Michi- gan, Mr. H
UELSKAMP , and Mr. P ITTENGER . H.R. 4770: Mr. M
CDERMOTT . H.R. 4796: Mr. C
ONNOLLY and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 4798: Mr. F
ATTAH . H.R. 4816: Mr. C
OOPER and Mrs. B LACK . H.R. 4819: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4828: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4830: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 4892: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4907: Mr. K
INDand Mr. B RADY of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 4928: Mr. M
ASSIE and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 4938: Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. B UCSHON , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. L
UCAS . H.R. 4955: Mr. C
ROWLEY and Mr. R IBBLE . H.R. 4966: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 4979: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 4989: Mr. L
EWIS and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.R. 4994: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, and Mr. S WALWELL of Cali- fornia. H.R. 5008: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 5010: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 5044: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas and Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 5053: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 5073: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 5090: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. D OLD, and Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 5113: Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 5114: Ms. M
ATSUI and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 5119: Mr. R
OSS, Mr. K INZINGER of Illi- nois, and Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 5149: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 5170: Mr. M
ACARTHUR and Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 5180: Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 5183: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. C OSTELLO  of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5187: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 5204: Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 5208: Mr. W
OODALL . H.R. 5210: Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. C OOK, Mr. R OG-
ERSof Alabama, Mr. G UINTA , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. H
ECKof Nevada, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. D UFFY , and Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5224: Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. N
EUGEBAUER . H.R. 5235: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. S WALWELL of California, and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 5258: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5275: Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. A DERHOLT , and Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 5291: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 5292: Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. S
IMPSON , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. D
ONOVAN , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. H
IGGINS , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. C OLE, and Mr. I
SRAEL . H.R. 5294: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas and Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 5296: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 5299: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 5307: Mr. S
ANFORD and Mr. K INGof Iowa. H.R. 5310: Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, and Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 5333: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 5338: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 5340: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 5344: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5351: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Mr. F ORBES . H.R. 5356: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 5369: Ms. B
ROWN of Florida and Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 5373: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. B ECERRA , and Mr. H
OYER . H.J. Res. 9: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.J. Res. 87: Mr. G
OHMERT . H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. C
UMMINGS and Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. F
ORBES . H. Con. Res. 56: Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , and Mr. B RIDENSTINE . H. Con. Res. 112: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, and Mr. S
CALISE . H. Con. Res. 128: Mr. MACARTHUR . H. Con. Res. 129: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York and Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H. Res. 210: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. B
ARR. H. Res. 220: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. R OSS. H. Res. 289: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. G ALLEGO . H. Res. 393: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H. Res. 501: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H. Res. 591: Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. F
OXX, and Mr. A MODEI . H. Res. 647: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H. Res. 650: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia and Mr. T
IPTON . H. Res. 660: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT and Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H. Res. 686: Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H. Res. 729: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. K ELLY of Illi- nois, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. C AL-
VERT , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. F
ORBES , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. R OONEY of Flor- ida, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. W
ALDEN , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 740: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. J
ORDAN . H. Res. 750: Mr. L
AMBORN , Ms. M ENG, Mrs. W
AGNER , and Mr. K ILMER . H. Res. 752: Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , and Ms. T ITUS. H. Res. 759: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. R
ICHMOND . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The Manager’s amendment to be offered to H.R. 4775, Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016, Representative Whitfield, or a designee, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.033 H07JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3473 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 2016 No. 89 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, who knows what is best for us, we submit today to Your loving providence. Continue to be our refuge and strength, a very present help in the time of trouble. May we never forget that nothing in all creation can sepa-rate us from Your love. Bless our lawmakers. Fill their hearts with such love for You that no difficulty or hardship will prevent them from obeying Your precepts. Help them to remember that those who walk in integrity travel securely. Lord, strengthen their resolve to serve You as they should and in doing so may they become more aware of Your continuous presence. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
DONALD TRUMP AND THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Repub-lican nominee of our great country continues to attack a Federal judge be-cause of his Mexican heritage. This is not only wrong, it is racist and un- American. It is also a fundamental at-tack on the American judiciary sys-tem. When issues like these arise, the Na-tion has historically looked to the Sen-ate for leadership. In particular, throughout our history, the Senate Ju-diciary Committee has been a bastion of independence and bipartisanship. When Federal judges are under assault, we should expect the chairman of the Judiciary Committee to rise above pol-itics and condemn racism—but not this Judiciary chairman who is now the chairman of the committee in the United States Senate, not the senior United States Senator from Iowa. Instead of a bold feat of bipartisan-ship, we are left with yet another ex-ample of how he has become the most partisan Judiciary chairman in the his-tory of America. Instead of rising above partisanship and condemning Trump’s racist attacks on a highly qualified judge—by the way, who was born in Indiana—Senator GRASSLEY  kisses Trump’s ring and toes the party line. Instead of condemning Trump, G
RASSLEY defended him. His rationale is mind-boggling. Lis-ten to this: Senator G
RASSLEY says that Trump must respect the Judiciary because over the course of hundreds of lawsuits and years of litigation, Trump has actually won some cases. I can’t make up something like this. For example, a quote from a news-paper article: 
Grassley also suggested Trump’s propen-sity for filing lawsuits showed some level of respect for the judicial branch. ‘‘He must respect the Judiciary,’’ Grassley said. ‘‘I’ve seen statistics that he’s won over 400 cases, only lost 30.’’ 
How about that. I find it curious that the chairman doesn’t have time to read Merrick Garland’s questionnaire or give him a hearing, but he has time to study Donald Trump’s success rate in the courtroom. This says a lot, and one of the things it says is what Senator G
RASSLEY ’s priorities are. In spite of everything coming out of Donald Trump’s mouth, Senator GRASSLEY remains loyal to Donald Trump. According to an Iowa news-paper, the Ames Tribune, Senator G
RASSLEY told his constituents on Fri-day: ‘‘He isn’t concerned by any of the controversial or inflammatory rhetoric coming from the Trump campaign.’’ I am a little disappointed, but—with what has happened the last couple of months—not surprised. I believe no Member of the Senate has done more for Donald Trump than the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. In January, when many Republicans were still trying to distance them-selves from Donald Trump, Senator G
RASSLEY introduced Trump at an Iowa campaign event. Since then, de-spite dozens of editorials against Sen-ator G
RASSLEY and pressure from his constituents, Senator G
RASSLEY has done everything in his power to hold open a Supreme Court seat for Donald Trump to fill. I am surprised Senator G
RASSLEY has yet to acknowledge these racist attacks on Judge Curiel because these attacks are beyond the pale. Instead, Senator G
RASSLEY chose to further establish himself as a Trump cheerleader, just like the Republican leader has done. Last week Senator G
RASSLEY told his constituents: 
He’s building confidence with me. 
Talking about Trump. 
I’ve already said I’m going to vote for him. . . . I’d campaign with him. 
But this is not the beginning of Sen-ator G
RASSLEY ’s campaign for Donald Trump. Senator G
RASSLEY ’s entire chairmanship the past 6 months has been one big campaign push for Trump. His committee has become an exten-sion of the Trump campaign. The Re-publican Judiciary Committee has done everything to focus on boosting Trump but has neglected to do its job in the process. Under Chairman G
RASSLEY , the com-mittee is reporting out almost no bills, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.000 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3474 June 7, 2016 
fewer judicial nominations than any time in recent history, and because of this inaction by the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, the Senate has confirmed fewer judges than in dec-ades. We heard the report yesterday of how the Federal system of courts in our country is in disrepair. Why? Be-cause the Judiciary Committee is proc-essing none of the appointments Presi-dent Obama has made. What has the Judiciary Committee done instead? It has spent its time car-rying out a political hit job on Sec-retary Clinton. Senator G
RASSLEY has wasted countless dollars and staff time developing partisan opposition re-search that he hoped could be used to help Trump’s candidacy against Sec-retary Clinton. It hasn’t helped, but it has shortened the pocketbook of the American people. Senator G
RASSLEY  has been so desperate to drag Secretary Clinton’s name through the mud that he even encouraged the FBI to leak an independent review of Secretary Clin-ton’s use of email. At every turn, the senior Senator from Iowa has used his committee for partisan purposes that benefit only one person: Donald Trump. There is no bet-ter example than the current vacancy on the Supreme Court. Rather than doing his constitutional duty and proc-essing Merrick Garland’s nomination, Chairman G
RASSLEY took his marching orders from Trump, and Trump said: Delay, delay, delay. And that is exactly what the Senator from Iowa has done— delay, delay, delay. Chairman G
RASSLEY is hoping to run out the clock. He is hoping President Trump gets to nominate the next Su-preme Court Justice. That is why last month Senator G
RASSLEY said of Trump: ‘‘I think I would expect the right type of people to be nominated by [Trump] to the Supreme Court.’’ After Donald Trump’s latest attack on the Judiciary, does Senator G
RASS -
LEY really believe that Trump is the right man to pick nominees to the Su-preme Court or any court? Donald Trump said that a Federal judge should be disqualified from presiding over a case because of his Mexican heritage, even though he was born in Indiana. He said the same would apply if the judge were Muslim. Does Senator G
RASSLEY  believe Trump’s comments were racist? This is a place for the senior Senator from Iowa to start his quest for fair-ness. The Republican junior Senator from Nebraska agrees it was racist. This is what he tweeted yesterday: ‘‘Public Service Announcement: Saying some-one can’t do a specific job because of his or her race is the literal definition of ‘racism.’’’ The junior Senator from South Carolina, also a Republican, called Trump’s remarks ‘‘racially toxic,’’ but what does the senior Sen-ator from Iowa say? Zero, nothing. Does the chairman of the Judiciary Committee agree with Donald Trump? Does Senator G
RASSLEY also believe judges should face a religious test? The senior Senator from Iowa said he trusts Donald Trump’s judgment. He said, and I repeat: ‘‘He’s building confidence with me.’’ After everything we have heard from Donald Trump—all of his vile, un-hinged rants—does Senator GRASSLEY  honestly have confidence that Donald Trump should pick the next Supreme Court Justice? I don’t trust Trump to make that decision, the people of Iowa don’t, and America doesn’t. Senator G
RASSLEY must stop using his com-mittee to do Trump’s bidding. He must stop using the once-proud Judiciary Committee as an extension of the Trump political campaign. Instead of continuous delay, delay, delay, Chairman G
RASSLEY should give Merrick Garland a hearing and a vote, but do it now. Waiting for Donald Trump to choose the ninth member of the Supreme Court is not the answer. I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 2943, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2943) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McCain amendment No. 4229, to address unfunded priorities of the Armed Forces. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. 
CYBER SECURITY AND OUR ELECTRIC GRID  
Mr. KING. Mr. President, at 3:30 in the afternoon on December 23 of last year, about a half hour before sunset, the lights started to go out in western Ukraine. The power started to go out. The operator in one of the Ukrainian powerplants noticed, to his horror, that he no longer controlled the cursor on his computer screen. The cursor moved of its own accord and started opening dialogue boxes and opening breakers. The operator tried frantically to get back into the computer, only to find he was locked out and the password had been changed. At the same time, the call center of this utility in Ukraine was blocked by thousands of fake calls, so the utility itself could not know what was happening in the country-side. The backup generators around western Ukraine also went down. Malware was installed on the operating computers and a system called KillDisk was installed, which wiped the disks and rendered the computers use-less. As a final insult, the power in the power control system itself went off and the operators were literally left in the dark. This was the first major cyber attack of a public utility any-where in the world. It was sophisti-cated, it was well planned, and it was devastating. Within a few minutes, 230,000 people in the country of Ukraine were without power. That attack could have occurred in Kansas City, in San Jose, in New York, or here in Washington. Ever since I have served in this body as a member of the Armed Services and Intelligence Committees, I have heard repeated warnings from every public official in-volved with intelligence and national security that an attack on our critical infrastructure is not possible, it is like-ly. How many shots across our bow, how many warning shots do we have to en-dure? Sony, the OPM, insurance com-panies, and now the nightmare sce-nario of an electric grid attack. We can learn something from what happened in the Ukraine, and there is a piece of good news and a lesson for us. The attack, which left 230,000 people without power, only persisted for about 6 hours. The interesting part of the sce-nario of this development was that one of the reasons they were able to get the power back on so fast was because the Ukrainian grid was not up to modern— I hesitate to say ‘‘standards’’—prac-tices in terms of its interconnectedness and its digitization. There were old- fashioned analog switches, and the most old-fashioned analog switch of all, a human being, who could actually throw breakers and get the system back online. However, in this country we are not so lucky, and I use that in a very sort of backward way because we have the most advanced grid structure in the world. We are more digital, we are more automated, we are more inter-connected, but that makes us more vulnerable. That makes us more vul-nerable. We are asymmetrically vul-nerable because we are asymmetrically interconnected. We keep getting these warning shots. A lot is being done by our utilities and by our government agencies to work on protecting this country from a devastating cyber at-tack. But I know of no one who would assert that enough is being done and that we are ahead of this threat. I introduced a bill yesterday, along with three cosponsors: Senator R
ISCH from Idaho, Senator C
OLLINS from Maine, and Senator H
EINRICH from New Mexico—all of whom, along with my-self, are members of the Intelligence Committee, where we hear about these threats practically weekly. The bill is pretty straightforward. It tasks our great National Labs with working with the utilities over a 2-year period to de-termine, not new software patches and new complexity, but if we can protect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.002 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3475 June 7, 2016 
our grid by returning to, at least at critical points in the grid, the old-fash-ioned analog switches or good-old Fred, who has to go and throw a breaker with his dog. It may be that going back to the future, if you will—going back to the past and simplifying some of these critical connection points may be the best protection we can have. The idea is for the Labs to put their best people on this and for the utilities to do the same on a voluntary basis. I might add that there is nothing mandatory about this bill. We are try-ing to work on finding some solutions that are implementable in the short run to protect us from this grave threat. Once we get a report back, hopefully we will be able to implement this legislation across the country. I am tired of hearing warnings. It is really time for us to act, and this is a straightforward bill that I hope can move through this body at the speed of a cyber attack so that we can then have the defense we have to have. An attack on our critical infrastruc-ture—particularly the electric infra-structure across this country—would, in fact, be devastating and would un-doubtedly involve a loss of lives. I do not want to be here on a darkening winter afternoon and see the lights going off across America—the power to hospitals, the power to our transpor-tation system, the power that makes our lives what they are today. This is not an abstract threat. We know from the Ukraine that the capability exists to do exactly that and take down the grid. We must act expeditiously and di-rectly to counteract that threat. If we do not do so, we are failing our respon-sibility to the people of America, our constituents, and the United States. I urge rapid consideration of this bill, and I look forward to its consideration at the Energy Committee. Three of the four sponsors are also members of the Energy Committee as well as the Intel-ligence Committee, and I am hoping we can move this rapidly so we can begin the process of countering what is not an abstract threat but a direct, clear, and present danger to the future of this country. I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I am here this morning to urge my col-leagues to support an amendment that I have offered to the National Defense Authorization Act to extend the Af-ghan Special Immigrant Visa Program, also known as the SIV Program. The SIV Program gives Afghans who supported the U.S. mission in Afghani-stan and now face grave threats be-cause of their willingness to help our service men and women on the ground in Afghanistan the ability to come to the United States. To be eligible, new applicants must demonstrate at least 2 years of faithful and valuable service. To receive a visa, they must also clear a rigorous screening process that in-cludes an independent verification of their service and then an intensive interagency security review. People may ask: Who are these Af-ghans? Let me give a few examples of the extraordinary service they have provided. The first person I will talk about— and I can’t use his name for privacy and security reasons—worked as an in-terpreter for U.S. Special Operations Command, SOCOM, from 2005 to 2016— 11 years. He originally applied for a special immigrant visa in 2012 and con-tinued to work for SOCOM during the interim. One of the applicant’s direct supervisors, the commander of 1st Bat-talion, Third Special Forces Group, stated that the applicant’s brother was murdered by extremists—probably Taliban—due to the applicant’s work for the U.S. Government, and the appli-cant himself has been wounded several times while serving. A second individual worked as the head interpreter for a provincial recon-struction team, or PRT team, for years. Because of his service, his chil-dren can’t go to school and the lives of his family members are in danger. The applicant’s PRT commander was one of multiple direct Defense Department supervisors to submit letters of rec-ommendations on his behalf testifying to his loyal and valued service. A third interpreter served the De-fense Department from 2008 to 2015. He left work in December following an IED attack which robbed him of one eye and his vision in the other. He ap-plied for his special immigrant visa after being wounded and is in the be-ginning stages of the extensive inter-agency vetting process. Clearly, the service of these individ-uals has been critical to our successes in Afghanistan, and in at least a hand-ful of other cases, SIV recipients’ com-mitment to the U.S. mission was so strong that they found ways to con-tribute even after they arrived in the United States. One promptly enlisted in the Armed Forces and later worked as a cultural adviser to the U.S. mili-tary. Another graduated from Indiana University and Georgetown and has worked as an instructor at the Defense Language Institute. A third, who worked as a senior adviser at the U.S. Embassy, now serves on the board of a nonprofit, working to promote a safe and stable Afghanistan. These contributions in Afghanistan and beyond help explain why senior U.S. military officers and diplomats are so supportive of the Afghan SIV Program. Here is what the current commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan, General Nicholson, wrote recently about the need to reauthorize the SIV Program: 
These men and women who have risked their lives and have sacrificed much for the betterment of Afghanistan deserve our con-tinued commitment. Failure to adequately demonstrate a shared understanding of their sacrifices and honor our commitment to any Afghan who supports the International Secu-rity Assistance Force and Resolute Support missions could have grave consequences for these individuals and bolster the propaganda of our enemies. . . . Continuing our promise of the American dream is more than in our national interest, it is a testament to our de-cency and the long-standing tradition of honoring our allies. Last year, General Nicholson’s prede-cessor, General Campbell, wrote a simi-lar letter affirming his strongest sup-port for the SIV Program and urging Congress to ‘‘ensure that the continu-ation of the SIV program remains a prominent part of any future legisla-tion on our efforts in Afghanistan,’’ adding that the program ‘‘is crucial to our ability to protect those who have helped us so much.’’ Their view is shared by senior dip-lomats as well. Ambassador Ryan Crocker, who served in Afghanistan from 2011 to 2012, recently wrote that ‘‘taking care of those who took care of us is not just an act of basic decency, it is also in our national interest. American credibility matters. Aban-doning these allies would tarnish our reputation and endanger those we are today asking to serve alongside U.S. forces and diplomats. I see that my colleague Senator M
CCAINis on the floor. I know my col-league remembers, as I do, watching all of those Vietnamese holding on to those helicopters that were leaving when America pulled out of Vietnam because they knew what their fate was going to be once America left that country. That is not something we can allow to happen in future conflicts. When we make a promise to those peo-ple who helped us on the ground, we need to abide by that promise. We need to make sure those people who helped our service men and women are able to get to this country and are not killed by the Taliban and other enemies of the United States and Afghanistan. Yet, despite these compelling cases and despite the persuasive arguments of our senior military and civilian leaders, the Senate NDAA does not cur-rently reauthorize and extend the SIV Program or allow for additional visas because of the objections of some few in this body. This is particularly prob-lematic because we are going to issue all of those unallocated SIVs by the end of this year even while there are thousands of Afghans at some stage in the application process and new appli-cants still beginning. In effect, this means that without congressional ac-tion, the SIV Program will sunset around December and thousands of Af-ghans who have stood alongside our military and other government per-sonnel are at severe risk. I hope this body will decide that this is unaccept-able and that we have to make sure we support those people who have sup-ported our men and women on the ground and who have, in fact, died to support our men and women on the ground. I am happy to join Senator M
CCAIN and Senator J
ACKREED, the chair and ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, in trying to pass this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.004 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3476 June 7, 2016 
amendment and make sure we support those people who supported us. I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I will be brief. I thank the Senator from New Hamp-shire for her continued advocacy for these individuals who literally placed their lives on the line to assist us in combating the forces we have been struggling against for now these many years. These individuals deserve our thanks, but more importantly, they de-serve the ability to come to the United States of America. According to our military leaders, their lives are in dan-ger. They are the first target of the enemy because the enemy wants re-venge against those who helped Ameri-cans, and there is no doubt in the minds of our military leaders that these individuals literally saved the lives of the men and women who are fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq on our behalf. I believe we should actually have a voice vote, and if necessary, have a vote if there is any controversy associ-ated with this legislation. If America is going to seek the as-sistance of individuals who are willing to help us and then abandon them, then we have a very serious moral problem. I thank the Senator from New Hamp-shire for her continued advocacy. I hope we can get this issue resolved as soon as possible. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the National Defense Authorization Act be-fore us is important for our troops, wounded warriors and veterans, and national security. One way it will help keep Americans safe is by renewing clear prohibitions on President Obama’s ability to move dangerous Guantanamo terrorists into our country or release them to unsta-ble regions like Libya, Yemen, and So-malia. Our country faces the most ‘‘diverse and complex array of crises’’ since World War II, as Henry Kissinger ob-served last year, but President Obama nonetheless seems focused on pursuing a stale campaign pledge from 2008. The President should spend his remaining months in office working to defeat ISIS. He should work with us to pre-pare the next administration for the threats that he is going to leave be-hind. He should not waste another minute on his myopic Guantanamo crusade. Just about every detainee that could feasibly be released from the secure de-tention facility has already been re-leased. Some have already returned to the fight, just as we feared. Some have even taken more innocent American life, according to the Obama adminis-tration. But the bottom line is this. The hard core terrorists who do remain are among the worst of the worst—the worst of the worst. Here is how President Obama’s own Secretary of Defense put it: [T]here are people in Gitmo who are so dangerous that we cannot transfer them to the custody of another government no mat-ter how much we trust that government. I can’t assure the President that it would be safe to do that. 
There is Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, the mastermind behind 9/11. He has de-clared himself the enemy of the United States. There is the 9/11 coordinator who was planning even more strikes when he was captured. There is Bin Laden’s former bodyguard, the ter-rorist who helped with the bombing of the USS Cole and trained to be a sui-cide hijacker for what was to be the Southeast Asia portion of the 9/11 at-tacks. These terrorists are among the worst of the worst. They belong at a se-cure detention facility, not in facilities here in our own communities, not in unstable countries where they are lia-ble to rejoin the fight and to take even more innocent life. Have no doubt, there are detainees who would almost certainly rejoin ter-rorist organizations if given that op-portunity. Here is what the Office of the Director of National Intelligence found in a report just this year: ‘‘Based on trends identified during the past 11 years, we assess that some detainees currently at [Gitmo] will seek to re-engage in terrorist or insurgent activi-ties after they are transferred.’’ So, look, the next Commander in Chief, whether Democrat or Repub-lican, will assume office confronting a complex and varied array of threats. That is why we must use the remaining months of the Obama administration as a year of transition to better pos-ture the incoming administration and our country. What we should not be doing is making it even more chal-lenging for the next President to meet these threats. Releasing hard core terrorists was a bad idea when Obama was campaigning in 2008, and it is even a worse idea today. We live in a complex world of complex threats. The NDAA before us will renew clear prohibitions against administration attempts to transfer these terrorists to the United States on its way out the door. We don’t need to close a secure detention center. We need to ensure the American people are protected. Passing the legislation be-fore us represents an important step in that direction. It will help position our military to confront the challenges of tomorrow. It will help support the men and women serving in harm’s way today. I want to thank Chairman M
CCAINof the Armed Services Committee for his extraordinary work on this very impor-tant bill, and I thank Senator R
EED, the ranking member, as well. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, do the math. A Federal prisoner held in a Fed-eral prison in America today costs us about $30,000 a year. The most serious and dangerous criminal prisoners held in the Federal prison system are put in supermax facilities for $86,000 a year. That is the cost. Not a single prisoner has ever escaped from a supermax fa-cility in the United States—ever. It costs $30,000 for routine prisoners and $86,000 for the most dangerous. What does it cost us to incarcerate one detainee each year at Guanta-namo? It costs $5 million apiece—$5 million for each detainee. The budget to keep Guantanamo open is about $500 million a year, and we have fewer than 100 detainees there, and there is a re-quest for another $200 million in con-struction at Guantanamo. So when Senators come to the floor and say we have got to keep Guantanamo open for fewer than 100 detainees, one obviously has to ask the question: Is there an-other place they can be held just as safely, just as securely, at considerably less cost? The answer is obvious. The answer is clear. The supermax Federal prisons can hold anyone convicted of terrorism, serial murder, or heinous crimes, and can hold them securely without any fear of escape. The argument was made by the Sen-ator from Kentucky: Well, if we are going to put terrorists in prisons across America instead of Guanta-namo, that is a danger to the commu-nity. Really? I represent the State of Illinois. We have the Marion Federal Prison in southern Illinois. We have a lot of good men and women who work there. What are we doing? For $30,000 a year, we are holding convicted terrorists in the Marion Federal prison. I have been a Senator for Illinois for 20 years. How many times have I received complaints that terrorists were being incarcerated at the Marion Federal penitentiary? None—not one, not one time. So for the symbol of maintaining Guantanamo, we are going to continue to spend $5 million a year per detainee. This bill before us, the Defense author-ization bill, will continue that. If we are looking to save some money that taxpayers are giving to our gov-ernment and perhaps should be spent in better ways, let’s start with Guanta-namo. The President is right that if they are a danger to America and the world, they could be safely held in other prisons across the United States at a fraction of the cost of what we are spending at Guantanamo. Those who call themselves fiscal conservatives cannot ignore that obvious argument. Let me say a word. I support Senator SHAHEEN ’s provision when it comes to the Afghans who helped us. It is a good provision. These men and women risked their lives for us and for the men and women in uniform. We need to allow them to come safely to the United States and be in a position where they can have peace of mind that they are not going to be killed be-cause they are friends of America. I think her provision is a good one. I am anxious to support it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.005 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3477 June 7, 2016 
Let me just say on the state of play on amendments that I have an amend-ment that I consider to be very impor-tant. I offered it over a week ago, so Members have had more than enough time to take a look at it. I will de-scribe it in very simple terms, instead of going into a long explanation, al-though I certainly have one ready. Basically, within this bill—and S. 2943, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, is a big bill—there is about $524 billion in spending for our Depart-ment of Defense. I want America to al-ways be safe, always have the best, and I want us to invest in the men and women of our military because we be-lieve in them, their families, and our veterans. There is a provision in this bill, though, that troubles me greatly. It is an effort to eliminate a program known as the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Programs. How big is this medical research program? It is $1.3 billion. It is less than two-tenths of 1 percent of the total expenditure for the Department of Defense. Is it important? I think it is very im-portant. For 25 years, the Department of Defense medical research has come through with breakthrough financing to eliminate concerns, and it gives hope to members of the military, their families, and to everybody living across America. I remember when it started. I was a Member of the House of Representa-tives. It was 1992. One group came for-ward—the Breast Cancer Coalition. They said: We need a reliable place to turn for a steady investment in breast cancer research. That is what started the program. It is true that breast cancer is not limited to the military. But it is also true that there is a higher incidence of breast cancer among women in our military than in the general population for reasons we still don’t understand. So is this an important issue to the military and the rest of America? Of course, it is. Over the last 25 years, we have invested more than $3 billion in breast cancer research through this program. Has it been worth it? I can tell you it has. Through their research, they developed a drug called Herceptin. The Department of Defense medical re-search developed this drug Herceptin to fight breast cancer. One of my colleagues here in the Sen-ate told me this morning that the life of his wife was saved by this drug, Herceptin. I was downstairs for a press conference just a few minutes ago. An-other woman came up to me and said that her life was saved. She was diag-nosed with breast cancer, and Herceptin saved her life. That was a part of the investment in the Depart-ment of Defense medical research pro-gram that paid off. I can go on—and I will later—about other investments that have paid off, not just for the members of the military and their fam-ilies but for all of America. What is proposed in this bill is the largest cut in medical research since sequestration in Congress. We asked the Department of Defense: If the pro-visions of this bill that are being asked for are put in place, what impact will it have on medical research programs in the Department of Defense? They said it would effectively eliminate them. This proposal in this bill will swamp medical research programs in the De-partment of Defense with more redtape than they have ever seen. An example of this is that this Department of De-fense authorization bill calls for an an-nual audit of every entity applying for medical research grants from the De-partment of Defense. The audit re-quirements are the same as for the largest defense contractors in the United States. We have never held other entities other than the largest defense contractors to these standards. It will require an additional 2,400 au-dits a year by the Department of De-fense. Well, does the agency that does the auditing have the extra personnel? Do they have work that needs to be done? It turns out that they have $43 billion in existing contracts that have not been audited, and this bill will pile on 2,400 more audits. It will slow down any effort to promote medical research, and it will dramatically increase the overhead costs for that medical re-search. Surely, there must be some scandal in this program that led to the conclu-sion that we need all this redtape. But the answer is no. The close scrutiny and investigation of the Institute of Medicine and other entities have found that this program over the years has been a good program. It has had some mistakes, but only a handful when you look at the thousands of medical re-search grants that have been given. I am going to ask for an opportunity to offer this amendment to strike the provisions which basically kill the De-partment of Defense medical research program that is directed by Congress. We don’t earmark what entities are going to get the grants. It is a competi-tive, peer-reviewed process. I want to make sure this amendment gets a vote, and, after that vote, I will be more than happy to move forward on all the amendments on this bill. It is an im-portant bill, and I hope we can pass it at the end of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, let me assure the Senator from Illinois that we were trying to get the language of a companion amendment to his amend-ment approved by that side of the aisle so that we can move forward with the amendment of the Senator from Illi-nois. Hopefully, we can get that lan-guage as soon as possible so that we can take up the formal debate on his amendment. In the meantime, in response to the comments of the Senator from Illinois, I have seen the latest polling data, and the approval of Congress is at about 14 percent—something like that. I have not met anyone lately from the 14 per-cent that approve of Congress. One of the major reasons is, of course, that they believe we have wast-ed their defense dollars by the billions and have wasted their taxpayer dollars by the billions. There is no greater ex-ample of that than what has happened with the so-called medical research. Every single one of these dollars probably goes to a worthy cause. Un-fortunately, about 90 to 95 percent of that money has nothing to do with de-fense. Why would the Senator from Illinois and so many, overwhelmingly, take the money that is earmarked for the men and women who are serving when the effects of sequestration are causing our leadership in the military to say that we are on the ragged edge of our capa-bility to defend the Nation and when the Commandant of the Marine Corps and the Chief of Staff of the Army have said that we are putting the lives of Americans at greater risk because we don’t have sufficient funding. Instead, we are taking $2 billion out of defense money and putting it into programs that have nothing to do with defense. Why is that? One would ask why would Congress take money from defense and put those monies into programs that have noth-ing to do with defense? It is called the Willie Sutton syndrome. That is when the famous bank robber was asked why he robbed banks. He said, ‘‘That is where the money is.’’ That is exactly what we are seeing here. We saw the Willie Sutton syndrome begin in 1992. In 1992, there was $25 mil-lion that was designated for medical research. That was $25 million in 1992. Today, we now are going to have al-most—last year, the funding increased by 4,000 percent, from $25 million in 1992 to $1 billion last year. So if you ever have seen a graphic example of the Willie Sutton syndrome, it has to be this. Is there anyone who is opposed to breast cancer research? Is there any-one who is opposed to medical research for so many important challenges to the health of our Nation? Of course not. Of course not. But what the Senator from Illinois and the appropriators have done, year after year after year, is exactly this: OK. Here we go. There is $200 million. Here we are—reconstructive trans-plants, genetic studies of food aller-gies, cooperative epilepsy, chiropractic clinical trials, muscular dystrophy, peer-reviewed vision, peer-reviewed Alzheimer’s, bone marrow failure, mul-tiple sclerosis, and on and on. All of these are worthy causes. They have nothing to do with the defense of this Nation. That is the problem with this. I will probably lose this vote. The Senator from Illinois will probably suc-ceed because there are so many special interests that are involved. But don’t say this is for the defense of this Na-tion. What it is all about is finding money from the largest single appro-priations bill to put into causes that, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.010 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3478 June 7, 2016 
by all objective observers, should be taken out of the Health and Human Services account. Unfortunately, there is not enough money in the Health and Human Serv-ices account. So guess what. Take it out of defense. Meanwhile, we don’t have enough troops trained, and we don’t have enough to pay for their de-ployments. In case you missed it, there are stories about the squadron down in South Carolina—marines—where they are robbing parts from planes, where an Air Force squadron comes back with most of their aircraft not capable of flying, with only two of our brigade combat teams able to be in the first category of readiness—only two—be-cause they don’t have enough money for training and operations and main-tenance. But we are going to take billions out, and we are going to give it to autism, lung cancer, ovarian cancer. All of those are worthy causes. Now we have lobbyists from all over the Nation com-ing up: Oh, they are going to take away money from ‘‘fill in the blank.’’ They are all angry. I am not trying to take the money from them. I am saying that the money should not come out of de-fense. I am saying that to defend this Nation, every single dollar is impor-tant to the men and women who are de-fending this Nation and fighting and dying as we speak. So I congratulate the Senator from Illinois as every year, just about, the money for medical research has gone up from an initial $25 million in 1992 to $1 billion this year, a 4,000-percent in-crease. Let me repeat. Spending on medical research at DOD—nearly 75 percent—has nothing to do with the military, and it has grown 4,000 percent since 1992. Now we can talk to all the lobbyists who come in for these various and very important medical research projects and say: We took care of you. I say to the Senator from Illinois: Take care of them from where it should come, which is not out of defending this Nation. In 2006, the late Senator from the State of Alaska, Ted Stevens, under whose lead-ership the original funding for breast cancer was added, said that the money would be ‘‘going to medical research instead of the needs of the military.’’ During the floor debate on the annual Defense appropriations bill, Senator Stevens had this to say: 
We could not have any more money going out of the Defense bill to take care of med-ical research when medical research is basi-cally a function of the NIH. It is not our business. I confess. I am the one— 
I am quoting Senator Stevens now. 
I confess, I am the one who made the first mistake years ago. I am the one who sug-gested we include some money for breast cancer research. It was languishing at the time. Since that time, it has grown to $750 million. In the last bill we had dealing with medical research, that had nothing to do with the Department of Defense. 
I want to emphasize again that I will support funding for every single one of these projects. I will support it when it comes out of the right account and not from the backs of the men and women who are serving in the U.S. military. It has to stop. It has to stop. So this year, the NDAA prohibits the Secretary of Defense and the service Secretaries from funding or conducting a medical research and development project un-less they certify that the project would protect, enhance, or restore the health and safety of members of the Armed Forces. It requires the medical re-search projects be open to competition and comply with DOD cost accounting standards. It does not seem to me that that is an outrageous demand. I know my col-leagues are going to come and say: Oh, we need this money because of ‘‘fill in the blank,’’ and this is vital to the health of America. I am all for that. But don’t take it out of the ability of the young men and women to serve this Nation in uniform. That is what the amendment of the Senator from Il-linois does. If this amendment passes, nearly $900 million in the defense budget will be used for medical research that is unre-lated to defense and was not requested by the administration. One would think that if this is so vital, the ad-ministration would request it. They have not. They have not. If this amendment passes—and it will, I am confident—$900 million will be taken away from military service-members and their families. If this amendment passes, $900 million will not be used to provide a full 2.1-percent pay raise for our troops. It will not be used to halt dangerous reductions in the size of our Army and Marine Corps. It will not be used to buy equipment so that our airmen don’t have to steal parts from airplanes in the boneyard in Arizona to keep the oldest, smallest, and least ready Air Force in our his-tory in the air. As I said, many of the supporters of this amendment have opposed lifting arbitrary spending caps on defense un-less more money is made available for nondefense needs. So, the Senator from Illinois—if I get this straight—wants to add nearly $1 billion in spending for medical research but is also opposed to increasing spending to a level of last year for defense spending. That is in-teresting. With these caps still in place, which we are going to try to fix later on in this bill, the Senator wants to take nearly $1 billion of limited defense funding to spend on nondefense needs. So I say to my colleague, the Senator from Illinois: It is not that he is wrong to support medical research. No one is attacking that. I can guarantee you, the first thing the Senator from Illi-nois is going to say: Well, we are going to take this money away from medical research. I am not. I am saying that it shouldn’t come from the backs of the men and women who are serving this Nation. I would ask him not to say that be-cause it is not the case. If he wants to add that money into the Health and Human Services account, I will support the amendment. I will support it. I will speak in favor of it. He has proposed the wrong amendment to support med-ical research. Instead of proposing to take away $900 million from our mili-tary servicemembers, he should be pro-posing a way to begin the long-overdue process of shifting the hundreds of mil-lions of dollars of nonmilitary medical research spending out of the Depart-ment of Defense and into the appro-priate civilian departments and agen-cies of our government. Let me be clear again. This debate is not about the value of this medical re-search or whether Congress should sup-port it. Any person who has reached my age likely has some firsthand expe-rience with the miracles of modern medicine and the gratitude for all who support it. I am sure every Senator un-derstands the value of medical research to Americans suffering from these dis-eases, to the families and friends who care for them, and all those who know the pain and grief of losing a loved one. But this research does not belong in the Department of Defense. It belongs in civilian departments and agencies of our government. So I say to my col-leagues, the NDAA focuses the Depart-ment’s research efforts on medical re-search that will lead to lifesaving ad-vancements in battlefield medicine and new therapies for recovery and reha-bilitation of servicemembers wounded on the battlefield, both physically and mentally. This amendment would harm our na-tional security by reducing the funding available for military-relevant medical research that helps protect service men and women on the battlefield and for military capabilities they desperately need to perform their missions. It would continue to put decisionmaking about medical research in the hands of lobbyists and politicians instead of medical experts where it belongs. So what is happening right now as we speak? Phones are ringing off the hook: We need this money for ‘‘fill in the blank.’’ We have to have this money. It is the end of Western civilization un-less we get it. I support every single one of these programs. There is not a single one that I would not support funding for. But when you take it away from the men and women who are serv-ing in the military for nonmilitary purposes, I say it is wrong. I will be glad to have the vote as soon as the other side clears our amendment process. But, again, I ask my col-leagues: Don’t distort this debate by saying we are trying to take away this medical research. What we are trying to say with the bill is that we are try-ing to do everything we can to take every defense dollar and make sure that we help the men and women who are serving in conflicts that are taking place throughout the world. We are not against the reason it was adopted by the Armed Services Com-mittee—against this funding. We are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.007 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3479 June 7, 2016 
against where it is coming from. So let’s do something a little courageous for a change around here. Let’s say: No, we will not take this money out of de-fense, but we will take it out of other accounts which are under the responsi-bility of the Senate and the Congress of the United States. That is all I am ask-ing for. That is all. Obviously it probably will not hap-pen. Every advocate for every one of those programs has now been fired up because they have been told that we are going to take away their money. We are not going to take away their money; we want their money coming from the right place. I would even sup-port increases in some of this spending, but it is coming from the wrong place. As I said at the beginning of my re-marks, it is the Willy Sutton syn-drome, from $25 million in 1992 all the way up to here—all the way here—now $1 billion, a 4,000-percent increase. So I am sure that Senator after Senator will come to the floor: Oh, no. We can’t take away this money from ‘‘fill in the blank.’’ This is terrible for us to do this. It is not terrible for us to do this. The right thing to do is not to de-prive the men and women who are serv-ing in the military of $1 billion that is badly needed for readiness and for oper-ations to keep them safe. That is what this debate is all about. I expect to lose it. I congratulate the lobbyists ahead of time. I congratulate the Senator from Illinois ahead of time. But don’t be sur-prised when the American people some-day rise up against this process where we appropriate $1 billion for something under the name of national defense that has nothing to do with national defense. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this Senator will never apologize for med-ical research—never. I certainly under-stand the National Institutes of Health have the primary responsibility for medical research. I am pleased to re-port that at this moment in the sub-committee, we are marking up an in-crease of more than 5 percent in the funding for that important agency. I thank Senator B
LUNT from the other side of the aisle and Senator M
URRAY from our side of the aisle for finding the resources for that. But to argue that because we are putting money into the National Institutes of Health we can take money away from the Department of Defense ignores the obvious. We take money away from the Department of Defense medical re-search program at the expense of men and women in the military, their fami-lies, and veterans. Look at the example the Senator from Arizona used. He stood and he pointed to his chart and he said: Well, there is even spending here for epilepsy and seizures. Now, why would that be? We have to spend money on our mili-tary and their issues. Well, let’s take a look. Since the year 2000, over 300,000 Active-Duty service-members have experienced a traumatic brain injury. Currently, the prevalence of post-traumatic epilepsy among those members who have suffered a brain in-jury is unknown. There are few risk factors that are known to guide deci-sionmaking in diagnosing the treat-ment of the disease. According to the American Epilepsy Society, over 50 percent of TBI victims—these are mili-tary members who have been exposed to traumatic brain injury with pene-trating head injury from the Korean and Vietnam wars—have developed post-traumatic epilepsy. For the Sen-ator from Arizona to point to this as one of the wasteful areas of medical re-search is to ignore the obvious: that 300,000 of our men and women in uni-form have suffered from traumatic brain injury. And we know from past experience that many of them end up with post-traumatic epilepsy. To argue, then, that this medical research into epilepsy and seizures has no appli-cation or value to members of the mili-tary is basically to ignore the obvious. What we have tried to do in estab-lishing this program is, first, we can-not earmark that any grant be given to any institution. All we can do is sug-gest to the Department of Defense areas that we think have relevance to our military. They then have to make the decision. Each and every grant has to pass a threshold requirement that it have relevance to the military and their health. Well, it turns out there are many things that are concerning. Would you guess that prostate cancer is a major concern in the military as opposed to the rest of our population? You should because the incidence of prostate can-cer among those who serve in the mili-tary is higher than it is in the general population. Why is that? Is it an expo-sure to something while they served? Is there something we can do to spare military families from this cancer by doing basic research? I am not going to apologize for that, nor am I going to apologize for the breast cancer com-mitment that has been made by this Department of Defense medical re-search program. The Senator from Arizona is correct. Groups are coming to us and saying: This Department of Defense medical research is absolutely essential. I just had a press conference with the Breast Cancer Coalition. There has been $3 billion invested in breast can-cer research through the Department of Defense over the last 24 years. As I said earlier, it led to the development of a new drug that saved the lives of breast cancer victims—Herceptin. The drug has saved lives. To argue that this money was not well spent, should have been in another category, didn’t apply here and there—let’s look beyond that. Let’s consider the lives saved, not just of men and women across America but of members of families of those who have served our country. The list goes on and on. I could spend the next hour or more going through every single one of them. The provision of the Senator from Arizona in his own bill is designed to eliminate the med-ical research programs at the Depart-ment of Defense. That is not my con-clusion; that is the conclusion of the Department of Defense. He has put in so much redtape and so many obstacles and added so much overhead and so much delay that he will accomplish his goal of killing off medical research at the Department of Defense directed by Congress. That would be a terrible out-come—a terrible outcome for people who are counting on this research. No apologies. I am for increasing the money at the National Institutes of Health. I have said that already. And I am for increasing money at the Depart-ment of Defense. It has been money well spent and well invested for the men and women of our military. I might add and let me first acknowl-edge that my colleague from Arizona has a distinguished record serving the United States in our U.S. Navy. We all know his heroic story and what he went through. So I am not questioning his commitment to the military in any way whatsoever. But I will tell you that veterans organizations and others stand by my position on this issue. When we had the press conference ear-lier, it wasn’t just the Breast Cancer Coalition; the Disabled American Vet-erans was also there asking us to de-feat this provision in the bill that would put an end to the Department of Defense medical research programs. For the good of these families, all of the members of these families in the military, as well as our veterans, let’s not walk away from this fundamental research. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. FLAKE ). The Senator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I think the Senator from Illinois and I have pretty well ventilated this issue, and once we get an agreement on votes, we could schedule a vote on it. I think we are very well aware of each other’s po-sitions. I have been talking about this issue for quite a period of time, as I watch our defense spending go down and our ‘‘medical research’’ go up. The argument of the Senator from Il-linois is that men and women in the military are subject to all of these var-ious health challenges, ranging from arthritis to vascular malfunctions, et cetera, because they are Americans, be-cause they are human beings? Yes, we agree that members of the military are subject to all of these needs and ear-marks for various illnesses that affect Americans. And by the way, traumatic brain in-jury causes a whole lot of things. So to say that epilepsy is the result of trau-matic brain injury, there are all kinds of things that are the result of trau-matic brain injury, and I strongly sup-port funding—and so have many oth-ers—for research on traumatic brain injury. We know the terrible effects of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.008 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3480 June 7, 2016 
that on our veterans. But there are, at least on this list, 50 different diseases and medical challenges, and connecting that all to defense takes a leap of the imagination and is, obviously, ridicu-lous. It is ridiculous. Here we have pan-creatic cancer, Parkinson’s, and all of these. Veterans are subject to those, yes, but it should not be in the Defense bill and it should not be taken out of defense money, particularly in this pe-riod of need. So if the Disabled American Veterans and every veteran organization is told they will not have funding for these programs, of course they are going to object to this provision in the bill. But if they are told the truth—and the truth is that they should get this money but it shouldn’t be taken out of defense—most of these veterans would like to see it not taken out of defense; they would like to see it taken out of where it belongs. So, as I say, I am sure there is press conference after press conference ral-lying all of these people because they are being told they won’t get the fund-ing, and I can understand that, but that is not what this Senator wants and what America should have, which is the funding taken out of the ac-counts of which there is the responsi-bility of the various committees and subcommittees in Congress and in the Committee on Appropriations. That is what this is all about. So all I can say is that, as I pre-dicted, the Senator from Illinois raises the issue of all of these things that will lose money. It is not that they will lose money. They will get the money if you do the right thing in the Committee on Appropriations, which is taking it out of the right accounts. To stretch the imagination to say that all of these are because of the men and women in the military is, at best, disingenuous. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask for 2 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant minority leader. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the total for the Department of Defense medical research programs we are discussing amounts to less than 0.2 percent of this total budget—less than two-tenths of 1 percent—and the Senator from Arizona is arguing that we are wasting money that could otherwise be spent in more valuable ways for our military. We are not wasting money; we are investing in medical research programs that serve our military, their families, and our veterans, and I will never apologize for that. Yes, these groups are upset because they have seen the progress that has been made with these investments, co-ordinating with the NIH and the Insti-tute of Medicine. They have done the right thing. They have found cures, they have relieved the problems and challenges facing our military, their families, and the veterans who have served. In terms of whether the amendment the Senator has already put into the bill is going to have any negative im-pact on Department of Defense medical research, let me quote the Department of Defense and what they said about the language from Chairman M
CCAIN: These changes would drastically delay the awards, risking the timely obliga-tion of funds, significantly increase the effort and cost for both the recipients and the Federal Government. With the additional audit services needed, docu-mentation that recipients would be re-quired to provide, changes to recipi-ents’ accounting systems, the scientific programs would be severely impacted. Massive confusion would follow. Most likely, recipients would not want to do business with the Department of De-fense. These issues would lead to the failure of the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program. If the Senator wanted to come and just say ‘‘Put an end to it,’’ that would be bold, that would be breathtaking, but it would be direct and it would be honest. What he has done is cover it in redtape. I am in favor of research, not redtape. There is no need to kill off these critical medical research pro-grams for our military and our vet-erans. I yield the floor. Mr. MANCHIN addressed the Chair. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I think I have precedence. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I just want to say again that there are var-ious accounts in the appropriations process that are directly related to the issues that have now been inserted in the Department of Defense authoriza-tion bill. That is what this is all about, and that is all it is all about. We can talk about all of the compel-ling needs and the terrible stories of people who have been afflicted by these various injuries and challenges to their health, but the fact is, it is coming from the wrong place, and that is what this is all about. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I just want to say that after listening to both my colleagues, who are passionate about this issue, they are both right. They are both right. If we had a tax plan—a competitive tax plan—that took care of our priorities based on our values, they would both be funded properly. That is what we have to get to. We have to get past picking and choosing and basically take care of the values we have as Americans, so I hope we can come together on that. 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC  
Mr. President, I am rising today be-cause we have reached another crisis point in our country. In 2014 we had al-most 19,000 people die due to opioid pre-scription drug overdose. These are legal prescriptions. These are by com-panies that basically developed prod-ucts legally. We have the FDA that ba-sically said that we should use it, that it is good for us, and our doctors were saying this is what we should do. So basically we have an epidemic on our hands from products we all believed were going to help us. We had 16 per-cent more people die in 2014 than in 2013. We have lost 200,000 Americans since 1999—200,000. If that is not an epi-demic, I don’t know what is. I really don’t know. Unfortunately, a major barrier to those suffering opioid addiction—these are legal prescription drugs—is insuffi-cient access to substance abuse treat-ment centers. Between 2009 and 2013, only 22 percent of those who were suf-fering from addiction could find treat-ment—only 22 percent. For so long, we kind of put our heads in the sand and basically thought that this was a crime, that it wasn’t basi-cally an illness—an illness that we now have come to understand needs treat-ment. We are way behind the scale on this. In my State of West Virginia, 42,000 West Virginians, including 4,000 youth—these are kids younger than 16 years of age—sought treatment for legal abuse but failed to find it. Think about this: If you are a parent or a grandparent and your kids are begging for help, the only way they can find any help today is to get them arrested, get a felony on them, and then the judge will send them to drug court. That is it. That is the alternative. That is not a solution we as Americans should be settling for. The largest long-term facility in West Virginia with more than 100 beds is Recovery Point. It is run by all former addicts. These were people whose lives were basically destroyed. They got together and said: We can help people. We can save them. There is mentoring. They bring them in, and it is a yearlong program. It has the great-est success rate of anything else we have in our State. In 2014 about 15,000 West Virginians got some sort of treatment for drug or alcohol abuse, but nearly 60,000 people went untreated because they couldn’t find it or couldn’t afford it. Based on conversations with our State police and all law enforcement in the State of West Virginia, 8 out of every 10 calls they are summoned to for some kind of criminal activity is due to drugs, some form of drugs. All of our young students here will be able to identify with this and the peo-ple who have problems. These people recognize they need help and they have been turned away. I have introduced a piece of legisla-tion with quite a few of my colleagues. I would hope all of my colleagues in this body would look at it very seri-ously. It is called LifeBOAT. LifeBOAT basically simply says this: We need to have a fee on all opiates. The reason for this was that in the 1980s, we were told this was a wonder drug. It will re-lieve us of pain 24 hours—not addictive at all. Well, we know what happened there. That wasn’t effective and it wasn’t accurate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.011 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3481 June 7, 2016 
What we are asking for is one penny, one penny per milligram on all opiate prescriptions, just one penny. That one penny will give continuous funding for treatment centers around the country. That will bring in about $1.5 billion to $2 billion a year. I would hope it wouldn’t bring in anything. That would mean we wouldn’t have rampant addic-tions as we have throughout the coun-try. This is the LifeBOAT. We would hope people would get on board. I have asked my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. This is not a tax. It is basically a treatment plan. We have fees we charge for alcohol. We have a fee for cigarettes—nothing for opiates. This is destroying as many, if not more, lives. All of this is a commonsense approach forward. I say to all of my colleagues, there will not be a Democratic or a Repub-lican family who will hold it against you for trying to find a treatment pro-gram for their child or a loved one or someone in their family. I have come to the floor every week to read letters from people who have been affected and their lives have been changed. I have one from my State of West Virginia, and she writes: 
In Elementary school (I believe 4th grade) my daughter became a cheerleader for Pop Warner Football. Then 6th through 8th she cheered for the Middle School. Her Senior year she cheered for High School as well. She also played Volleyball for the High School and with an adult league, and Basketball for a Jerry West league. She had excellent grades in school, many friends and a great personality. To say she was well rounded is pretty accurate. I am not quite sure where things went wrong. How we have ended up where we are today. Today, and for several years now, my daughter is a drug addict. At one time she was prescribed antidepressants, then nerve pills, then she broadened to her own choices. She has tried many drugs but her choice is opiates. 
Legal prescription opiates. 
She is the mother of our first 2 grandbabies that are now in the custody of family mem-bers due to her drug use. 
The home is unfit for the children to be raised in. Continuing: 
She is also a sister, aunt, granddaughter, cousin, niece and friend to many. And the wife of an addict. She has been in and out of jail, court and community corrections sev-eral times. I have lost many nights of sleep waiting for a knock at our door or a phone call to tell me I need to identify my daughter. Thankfully, I am a lucky one so far that has not had to do that. Others have not been as fortunate. She has been homeless and sleeping in her car for almost a year except for the nights I could beg for her to come stay with us. Her husband has stole from my family and is not allowed on any of our properties. She feels obligated into staying by his side. 
I don’t know why. 
She has had several seizure episodes that were drug related. One time she was at a local grocery store with our granddaughter. She was transported by an ambulance after her 4 year old daughter screamed for help. A 4-year-old daughter screaming for help for a mother who has had an over-dose and addiction. Continuing: 
She went to a 10-day detox. Which ended up being a waste— 
We know that 10 days or a month doesn’t do a thing— 
because there was not a place for her to go for rehab after that. One time she got out of jail and thought she could kick this habit on her own. She couldn’t, and back to jail she went. Right now she is in a grant funded long term facility. 
If you talk to any people in addiction treatment, it takes a minimum of 1 year to get them through. 
She has been there almost a month. My heart and hopes are high. I pray for her and those like her on a daily basis. Addiction is such a cruel and pun-ishing way of life. It leaves scars inside and out. 
All I am asking for is this LifeBOAT piece of legislation that will give us a lifeboat to help families who are des-perately in need. I would hope everyone would consider this. It is not a burden on anybody. It is not a burden on peo-ple taking normal prescriptions. It is only 1 penny per milligram on opiates produced, used, and consumed in the United States. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, for the benefit of my colleagues, we are work-ing on trying to set up a series of a few amendments, including the Durbin amendment and others. Hopefully, we will have that resolved within half an hour or so, so we can then schedule votes for today. I know my colleagues are aware that tomorrow the first part of the day is for the joint meeting, with an address by the Prime Minister of India, so that even shortens our time. We want to try to get as many amendments done as we can today. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I speak on amendment No. 4260 to the National Defense Authorization Act, which would elevate U.S. Cyber Command to a combatant command. In 1986, Congress passed a law ele-vating and establishing U.S. Special Operations Command to address the rapidly growing need for special opera-tors and to unify our forces. Think about that. Today they are now leading the effort against ISIS. There is an-other force quietly leading a battle against ISIS, and it is on a completely new battlefield. U.S. Cyber Command is one of our most important elements in the fight against terrorism today and tomorrow. I stand today with eight bipartisan cosponsors to my amendment, includ-ing the chairman of the Armed Serv-ices Committee. I thank them for their support. This includes Senators W
AR-
NER, BENNET , MURKOWSKI , CARDIN , and BLUMENTHAL , as well as Senators G
ARDNER and E RNST . The Commander of Cyber Command recently testified before the Armed Services Committee, stating that an elevation to a combatant command ‘‘would allow them to be faster, gener-ating better mission outcomes.’’ At a time when ISIS is rapidly re-cruiting online and developing tech-nology like self-driving cars packed full of explosives, the United States needs to ensure that cyber and tech-nology warfare is at the top of our pri-orities. U.S. Cyber Command needs to be able to react quickly and to engage the enemy effectively. Our troops need to be as effective online as they are in the air, in the land or at sea. To do all of that, we need to elevate them to a combatant command, where they will be reporting directly to the President of the United States through the Sec-retary of Defense. I have provided for a plan in this year’s Defense appropriations bill to fund this in the future, and I am com-mitted to ensuring the elevation of Cyber Command is successful. In the long run, we need to ensure that they have increased access to training, to top equipment, and to ensure their other commands are able to integrate the forces successfully. Right now as we debate the National Defense Authorization Act, we need to ensure that we give them the authority to defeat our adversaries, and that means elevation to a combatant com-mand. The threat of a cyber attack is one of the fastest growing threats fac-ing our Nation, and we cannot stand by as the Department of Defense delays to act on this urgent need. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment No. 4260, which will elevate U.S. Cyber Command to a combatant command. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, with re-gard to the previous discussion, I want to point out to my colleagues, on this whole issue of a billion dollars that is being taken out of defense, the appro-priate subcommittee on the Appropria-tions Committee and the authorizing committee is Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agen-cies. Certainly, as I mentioned before— and taken out of the National Insti-tutes of Health account, for which a lot of money was already being appro-priated. So there is an appropriate ve-hicle for these expenditures of funds of nearly $1 billion, and it is not the De-partment of Defense. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.013 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3482 June 7, 2016 
TEXAS FLOODING  
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, my home State of Texas is strong and resilient. Texans aren’t people who tire easily, and we certainly don’t give up when the going gets tough, but that doesn’t mean the State of Texas hasn’t faced its share of adversity. Over the last few weeks, the resolve of our great State has been tested with historic flooding that has taken at least 16 lives across Texas. Among those 16 are 9 young soldiers at Fort Hood, 9 soldiers whose truck was over-turned while crossing a flooded creek. Their lives were ended in that flood-ing. Their families have been torn asunder, not by combat losses far away. When brave young men and women sign up to defend this country, they expect—they understand the threat that enemies abroad might en-danger them, but they shouldn’t be los-ing their lives here at home in a sudden and unexpected accident that took the lives of nine soldiers in an instant. Those nine soldiers should be remem-bered: SPC Yingming Sun, SSG Miguel Angel Colonvazquez, SPC Christine Faith Armstrong, PFC Brandon Austin Banner, PFC Zachery Nathaniel Fuller, Private Isaac Lee Deleon, Private Eddy Raelaurin Gates, Private Tysheena Ly-nette James, and Cadet Mitchell Alex-ander Winey. All of us should remember those sol-diers and every one of the soldiers, sail-ors, airmen, and marines who risk their lives for us daily. Just yesterday on a plane flight from Texas, I had the pleasure of again meeting a young lieutenant whom I had met in the hospital at Fort Hood in 2014. He had been shot in the chest with a .45 in that tragic shooting that oc-curred. I must say it was so inspira-tional to see this young lieutenant healed, mobile, proudly serving our country, and energized. That is the spirit of our Armed Forces, and we should never forget their commitment to freedom. Heidi and I right now, along with millions of Americans, are lifting up in prayer those Texans who have lost their lives, who have lost their homes, and the families who are suffering due to this flooding. We are also lifting up the first responders who so bravely risk everything to keep us safe. In particular, I want to take a mo-ment of praise for the Red Cross. I had the privilege yesterday of speaking with the CEO of the Red Cross to thank them directly for their efforts on the ground, helping people who are suf-fering, helping people who have lost their homes and who are struggling. She and I shared what we have seen in tragedy after tragedy after tragedy, which is that, in the face of disaster and in the face of adversity, Texans and Americans come together. There is a spirit of solidarity, a spirit of unity that the worse the tragedy, the more we come together and help our friend and neighbor, help our sister and brother. During these difficult times, Texans demonstrate that sharing spir-it, and we are thankful to Americans across the country who are lifting us up in prayer. As the waters continue to recede and the wreckage is being cleared, my of-fice will continue to work very closely with the local and State government officials, along with the entire Texas delegation, to help ensure a smooth re-covery process, including offering—as I already have—my full support and as-sistance when Governor Abbott re-quests Federal aid for those afflicted by this disaster. While Texas continues to rebound from these torrential floods, our Na-tion is also flooded with circumstances that require the very same strength and resolve that we face in the face of tragedy. This week, the Senate con-tinues debating the National Defense Authorization Act. This legislation re-flects our Nation’s military and na-tional security priorities. The decisions we make today will affect not only our lives but those of future generations. We face serious times as a Nation. Our constitutional rights are under as-sault. We have economic stagnation, young people yearning for employment opportunities only to find none, and government regulations that crush in-novations. Abroad and at home, the threat is growing each and every day of radical Islamic terrorists. In order to best ensure the future of our Nation, we must make sure America is secure. The most important constitutionally mandated responsibility of the Federal Government, the one authority that it must—not merely can—exercise is to provide for the common defense. There is no better example of how egregiously we have strayed from our core function than the way in which our spending on defense has been held hostage year after year to the ever-increasing appe-tite for domestic spending by President Obama and his political allies. The pro-grams they are forcing on the Amer-ican people aren’t necessary to protect our lives and safety. But funding our Nation’s security is necessary, and it is in this spirit that I have approached my work on the National Defense Au-thorization Act. I look forward to con-tinuing this debate with colleagues on both sides of the aisle. My goal for the NDAA is simple. We need to make sure our military is strong, our homeland is secure, and our interests abroad are protected. The NDAA shouldn’t be a vehicle to further an agenda that has nothing to do with actually defending America. On the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee, I was proud to work with my colleagues, both Republicans and Democrats, in introducing and getting adopted 12 amendments—12 amend-ments that were included in this legis-lation that cover the range of policy issues from strengthening our ability to protect ourselves through missile defense, to improving our ability to stand with allies such as the nation of Taiwan, to improving our ability to deal with the growing threats from na-tions like Russia and China, to prohib-iting joint military exercises with Cuba, to preventing the transfer of ter-rorists from Guantanamo to nations that are on the State Department’s watch list. All of those were done working closely with colleagues, Re-publicans and often many Democrats. Yet there are still many issues I be-lieve should be addressed in this legis-lation, and I want to highlight three of those issues—three amendments that I hope this full body will take up. The first is an amendment to in-crease spending on Israeli missile de-fense. This is an amendment on which I have been working very, very closely with the senior Senator from South Carolina, Mr. G
RAHAM . The second is an amendment to stop the Obama administration’s plan to give away the Internet, to empower our enemies over the Internet. On this, I have been working closely with Sen-ator L
EEfrom Utah and Senator L
ANKFORD from Oklahoma. The third amendment I want to ad-dress is an amendment to strip the citi-zenship from any Americans who take up arms and join ISIS or other ter-rorist organizations waging jihad against the United States of America. In this, I have worked with a number of Senators, including Chairman G
RASS -
LEYof the Judiciary Committee. Each of these amendments addresses different policy components of our Na-tion’s security. But they all share the ultimate objective of ensuring that America remains the strongest nation the world has ever known. The first amendment I have sub-mitted and that I would urge this body to take up would increase funding for our cooperative missile defense pro-gram with Israel to ensure that our ally—our close friend—can procure the necessary vital assets and conduct fur-ther mutually beneficial research and development efforts. This has been an ongoing partnership between Israel and the United States of America and yet, unfortunately, the Obama administra-tion, in its request submitted to Con-gress, zeroed out procurement for Da-vid’s Sling, Arrow 2, and Arrow 3, vital elements of Israeli missile defense. This is at a time when the threats are growing, and the administration de-cided that zero was the appropriate level. Respectfully, I disagree. This amendment would fully fund procure-ment for Israeli missile defense. Now, much of this missile defense is done in partnership working closely with American corporations producing jobs here at home. But it is also vital to our national security, as we see a proliferation of threats across the world. The technology of intersecting incoming threats and intersecting in-coming missiles before they can take the lives of innocents is all the more important. Yet we are at a time when the administration has funneled hun-dreds of millions—and headed to bil-lions—of dollars to Iran and their des-potic regime. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.014 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3483 June 7, 2016 
The administration knows and they acknowledge that substantial portions of those funds will be used to fund rad-ical Islamic terrorists, will be used to fund efforts to murder Israelis and to murder Americans. Yet, nonetheless, it is U.S. taxpayer dollars and dollars under the control of our government— billions—that are going to the Aya-tollah Khamenei, who chants and pledges ‘‘Death to America’’ and ‘‘Death to Israel,’’ as a result of the fecklessness of our foreign policy. Our closest ally in the Middle East remains in a deeply troubling and pre-carious position. Israel must be pre-pared to defend against Hamas and Hezbollah rocket stockpiles that are being rebuilt and improved, while also being forced to counter an increasingly capable adversary in the nation of Iran, which is intent on the destruction of Israel. We must not fail in our obliga-tion to stand with Israel. It is my hope that, if and when this body takes up this amendment, we will stand in bi-partisan unity, standing with Israel against the radical Islamic terrorists who seek to destroy both them and us. In doing so, we will further both Israeli national security and the safety and security of the United States of Amer-ica. In addition to working to provide for our common defense and protect our sovereignty, I have also introduced an amendment that would safeguard our country in a very different way. I have submitted an amendment that would prohibit the Obama administration from giving away the Internet. This issue doesn’t just simply threaten our personal liberties. It also has signifi-cant national security ramifications. The Obama administration is months away from deciding whether the U.S. Government will continue to provide oversight over the core functions of the Internet and continue to protect it from authoritarian regimes who view the Internet as a way to increase their influence and suppress the freedom of speech. Just weeks ago, the Washington Post—hardly a bastion of conservative thought—published an article entitled: ‘‘China’s scary lesson to the world: Censuring the Internet works.’’ We shouldn’t take our online freedom for granted. If Congress sits idly by and al-lows the administration to terminate U.S. oversight of the Internet, we can be certain authoritarian regimes will work to undermine the new system of Internet governance and strengthen the position of their governments at the expense of those who stand for lib-erty and freedom of speech. This prospect is truly concerning, given the proposal submitted by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, known as ICANN. ICANN is a global organization, and its latest proposal unquestionably de-creases the position of the United States while it increases the influence of over 160 foreign governments within ICANN in critical ways—foreign gov-ernments like China, foreign govern-ments like Russia. Additionally, this proposal has the potential to expand ICANN’s historical core mission by cre-ating a potential gateway to content regulation, and it would only further embolden ICANN’s leadership, which has a poor track record of acting in an unaccountable manner and a proven unwillingness to respond to specific questions posed by the Senate. Relinquishing our control over the Internet would be an irreversible deci-sion. We must act affirmatively to pro-tect the Internet, as well as the oper-ation and security of the dot-gov and dot-mil top-level domains, which are vital to our national security. For whatever reason, the Obama ad-ministration is pursuing the giveaway of the Internet in a dogged and ideolog-ical manner. It is the same naive fool-ishness that decades ago led Jimmy Carter to give away the Panama Canal. It is this utopian view that, even though we built it, we should give it to others whose interests are not our own. We should not have given away the Panama Canal, and we should not be giving away the Internet. If the Obama administration succeeds in giving away the Internet—which is, No. 1, prohib-ited by the Constitution of the United States, which specifies that property of the United States Government cannot be transferred without the authority of Congress—this administration is ignor-ing that constitutional limitation and is ignoring the law. But if the Obama administration gives away the Inter-net, it will impact freedom, it will im-pact speech for you, for your children, and your children’s children. I would note that one of the things this body is good at is inertia—doing nothing. Right now, that is what this body is doing to stop it. My amend-ment would say that control of the Internet cannot be transferred to any-one else without the affirmative ap-proval of the United States Congress. If it is a good idea to give away the Inter-net that we built, that we preserve, that we keep free, that we protect with the First Amendment—and I can’t imagine anyone reasonably objective believing it is, but if it is—we ought to debate it on this floor. A decision of that consequence should be decided by Congress and not by unaccountable bu-reaucrats in the Obama administra-tion. So it is my hope that colleagues in this body will come together, at the very minimum, to say not whether or not the Internet should be given away but simply that Congress should decide that. There was a time when this body was vigorous in protecting its constitu-tional prerogatives. It is my hope that this body will rediscover the impera-tive of doing so. The third amendment I have sub-mitted on the NDAA that I want to ad-dress is the Expatriate Terrorist Act, a bill I introduced over a year ago and that I have now filed as an amendment to the NDAA. As we all know, radical Islamic ter-rorists have been waging war against the United States since—and, indeed, well before—9/11, and yet the President cannot bring himself to identify the enemy, preferring instead to use mean-ingless bureaucratic terms like violent extremists. The President naively be-lieves that refraining from calling the threat what it is—radical Islamic ter-rorism—will somehow assuage the ter-rorists and discourage them from mak-ing war against us and our allies. But that hasn’t stopped ISIS from prom-ising to strike America over and over and over, nor did it dissuade the rad-ical Islamic terrorists here in the United States who have committed at-tacks against Americans since this President first took office—the ter-rorist attack in Fort Hood, which the administration inexplicably tried to characterize as ‘‘workplace violence,’’ the Boston Marathon bombing, the ter-rorist attack on military recruiters in Little Rock and Chattanooga, and, most recently, the horrific attack in San Bernardino. The question for us in Congress is whether we have given the government every possible tool, consistent with the Constitution, to defeat this threat. I do not believe we have, which is why I have introduced the Expatriate Ter-rorist Act. Over the years, numerous Americans, like Jose Padilla, Anwar al-Awlaki and Faisal Shahzad, just to name a few, have abandoned their country and their fellow citizens to go abroad and join radical Islamic terrorist groups. Intelligence officials estimate that more than 250 Americans have tried or succeeded in traveling to Syria and Iraq to join ISIS or other terrorist groups in the region. This amendment updates the expatriation statute so that Americans who travel abroad to fight with radical Islamic terrorists can relinquish their citizenship. This will allow us to preempt any attempt to reenter the country and launch at-tacks on Americans or to otherwise hide behind the privileges of citizen-ship. In this more and more dangerous world, it would be the height of foolish-ness for the administration to allow known terrorists—radical Islamic ter-rorists affiliated with ISIS, Al Qaeda, or other Islamist groups—to travel back to the United States of America using a passport to carry out jihad and murder innocent Americans. This legislation should be bipartisan legislation. This legislation should be legislation that brings all of us to-gether. We might disagree on the ques-tions of marginal tax rates as Demo-crats and Republicans. We might dis-agree on a host of policy issues. But when it comes to the simple question of whether an Islamic terrorist intent on killing Americans should be allowed to use a U.S. passport to travel freely and come into America, that answer should be no, and that ought to be an issue of great agreement. Today I call upon my colleagues to join me in supporting these amend-ments and coming together. Together 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.015 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3484 June 7, 2016 
these amendments strengthen our Na-tion both at home and abroad. We are stronger than the obstacles we face. And by the grace of God, we will suc-ceed. The stakes are too high to quit, and we will stand together and con-tinue to strengthen this exceptional Nation, this shining city on a hill that each and every one of us loves. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I hope the Senator from Texas, who just made a moving commentary, would consider in the future standing together and voting for the Defense authorization bill rather than voting against it. We stood together on the committee with only three votes against the De-fense authorization bill, and he voted against it last year as well. So I would look forward to working with the Sen-ator from Texas and maybe getting him—instead of being one or two in the bipartisan effort of the committee—to vote for the Defense authorization bill. I might tell him also that with his agenda, as he described it, I would be much more agreeable to considering that agenda if he would consider voting for the defense of this Nation—which is that thick—which we worked for months and months with hearings, meetings, and gatherings, and he de-cided to vote against the authorization bill. So I look forward to working with him, and perhaps next time he might consider voting for it rather than being 1 of 3 out of some 27 in the committee who voted for it in a bipartisan fash-ion, of which I am very proud. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I would briefly respond to my friend from Ari-zona. As he is aware, this NDAA con-tains one provision that in the history of our country is a radical departure. For the first time ever, this NDAA would subject women to Selective Service and potentially the draft. Was this change done through open debate? Was this change done in front of the American people? Was this change done reflecting their views? No. It was inserted by committee staff in the committee draft. It is a radical change that is attempting to be foisted on the American people. I am the father of two daughters. Women can do anything they set their mind to, and I see that each and every day. But the idea that we should forc-ibly conscript young girls into combat, in my mind, makes little to no sense. It is, at a minimum, a radical propo-sition. I could not vote for a bill that did so, particularly that did so without public debate. In addition to that, I would note that in previous years, I have joined with Senator LEEand others in pressing for an amendment that would protect the constitutional rights of all Americans against unlimited detention of Amer-ican citizens on American soil. The chairman is well aware, because I have told him this now 4 years in a row, that if the Senate would take up and pass the amendment protecting the con-stitutional due process rights of Amer-ican citizens—the Bill of Rights actu-ally matters—then I would happily vote for the bill. Yet the Senate has not taken up that amendment, so I have had no choice but to vote no at the end of the day. I can tell you right now that if this bill continues to extend the draft to women—a radical change, much to the astonishment of the voters, being foist-ed on the American people not just by Democrats but by a lot of Repub-licans—then I will have no choice but to vote no again this year. But I can say this: I would be thrilled to vote yes if we focused on the vital responsibil-ities of protecting this country rather than focusing on extraneous issues. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, the Sen-ator from Texas has the unique capa-bility of finding a provision in a bill that thick to base his opposition on with a strong moral stand. The fact is that every single military leader in this country—both men and women, members of the military uniformed leadership of this country—believes it is simply fair, since we have opened up all aspects of the military to women in the military, that they would also be registering for Selective Service. I would also point out that every sin-gle member of the committee—people such as Senator A
YOTTE , Senator S HA-
HEEN , Senator M CCASKILL , all of the fe-male members of the committee—also finds it a matter of equality. Women I have spoken to in the military over-whelmingly believe that women are not only qualified but are on the same basis as their male counterparts. Every uniformed leader of the U.S. military seems to have a different opinion from the Senator from Texas, whose military background is not ex-tensive. I believe it was indefinite de-tention last time, which obviously is an issue but, in my view, not a suffi-cient reason because it was not in-cluded. The bill last year did not ad-dress that issue, but because we didn’t address the issue to the satisfaction of the Senator from Texas, then he voted against the bill. This year it is Selec-tive Service. The vote within the committee was overwhelming. The opinion of men and women in the military—every one of our military leaders believes that. The Senator from Texas is entitled to his views, but to think that somehow that is sufficient reason for him to con-tinue to vote against the bill—even though he does not respect the will of the majority—in my view, that is not sufficient reason to continue to oppose what is a bipartisan bill that was over-whelmingly voted for in committee and at the end of the day, in previous years, was voted for overwhelmingly in the Senate. I respect the view of the Senator from Texas. Too bad that view is not shared by our military leadership—the ones who have had the experience in combat with women in the military. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. STANDING TOGETHER AS ONE NATION  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I thought long and hard about giving this speech, and I don’t come to the floor lightly, but as the senior Latino in this Chamber, I felt I had to speak, for those who do not recall the past are destined to repeat it, and I don’t want to let this opportunity pass without speaking out. The remarks of the presumptive Re-publican nominee for President about Judge Gonzalo Curiel are taking this Nation and the Republican Party down a dark and slippery slope. The road to some of the darkest moments of his-tory have been paved with the rants of petty demagogues against ethnic mi-norities for centuries. And now, again in this century, Donald Trump is echo-ing those same racist rants and by doing so threatening to take this Na-tion to a dangerous place. While Donald Trump’s racist themes throughout his campaign are a new low for one of America’s major political parties, they are not unique in history. This is page one on the dark chapters of history: Separate us from them. Ty-rants and dictators have incited hatred against ethnic and religious minorities for centuries in order to consolidate power for themselves. Increasingly rad-ical-thinking Republicans are not blameless in creating the environment that has led to this disaster, that has led to a new McCarthyism that calls out people not for their beliefs but for their ethnicity. We have governed from crisis to cri-sis over the past 8 years, not because we cannot find solutions to our prob-lems but because of political decisions to delegitimize the process and the President. They have fed into the ranks of a petty demagogue and now struggle to find safe ground. They have given quarter to snake oil salesmen and conspiracy theorists. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.017 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3485 June 7, 2016 
Now we have the head of a major U.S. political party attacking a Federal judge because of his parentage. This isn’t a reality TV show or real estate deal; this is an attack on our inde-pendent judiciary. We are talking about a Presidential candidate tearing the fabric with which we enforce our laws and help citizens protect them-selves from injustice. In every aspect of her life, my moth-er believed in being treated fairly. What she did not believe is that being treated fairly meant she would always get what she wanted and that if she did not get it, it would be proof that the process of the system was corrupt, un-fair, and out to get her. To my mother and to me, lashing out when we don’t get what we want—as Donald Trump seems to do so often— can be described only as remarkably childish, thin-skinned, surprisingly egocentric, and frankly, for someone who aspires to lead this Nation, dan-gerously undemocratic, if not outright demagogic, threatening the very safe-guards our Founders put in place to protect us from those, like Mr. Trump, whose only view of the world seems to be in a mirror. His only response to ad-versity is to blame someone else and turn people against each other. The fact is, leaders don’t turn people against each other; they bring them to-gether in common cause. Mr. Trump needs to learn that there is not always someone else to blame for defeat. The fact that you lost doesn’t imply unfair-ness, it only indicates that you lost, and he should get used to it, although it is a difficult concept for someone raised to believe there would be no los-ing and if there were, it must be a mis-take that can be rectified with power, money, or a lawsuit. Apparently, in Mr. Trump’s mind, if he loses, it must be someone else’s fault: It is he. It is they. It is those people. He isn’t Amer-ican. He doesn’t have a birth certifi-cate. He is a Muslim. It is all of them. He is a Mexican judge, and I want to build a wall, so he is being unfair to me. That attitude may be childish and pathetic in a schoolyard bully, but in an American President and Com-mander in Chief, it is downright dan-gerous. I have traveled my State and this Na-tion and listened to people who wonder, as many of us do, how our political dia-logue has become so dangerously coarse and brash and blatantly racist and how we seem to have reduced the greatness of this country to its lowest common denominator. We are talking about electing a President—a man or woman who will hold the nuclear code and will decide matters of war and peace and whether to send our sons and daughters into harm’s way. The stakes are too high to allow a megalomaniac to pound his chest over a legitimate de-cision ordered by a judge who was con-firmed unanimously by this Senate. Many of my colleagues have tried to distance themselves from the com-ments of the nominee, but in many cases they have not gone far enough. They have not called him out as they should, politics aside, for the threat he poses to this Nation if he is elected. Many of my colleagues must recog-nize, as I do, that a Federal judge born in Indiana, which is part of these great United States, with a Mexican family background whose parents became U.S. citizens is not a Mexican judge but is an American judge, just as a U.S. Sen-ator like this one—born in New York, raised in New Jersey, from a Cuban family background—is a U.S. Senator. To imply otherwise and ask Judge Curiel to recuse himself from a case be-cause of where his parents were born is on its face racist. They need to come to the floor and denounce the comments of their nomi-nee. In fact, all Americans should de-nounce this kind of blatant racism. The tone of the Trump campaign and his statements, actions, and demeanor threaten to send us down a slippery slope. He doesn’t seem to be able to stop himself. He has doubled down and said that it is impossible, for example— that a judge of Muslim descent might not be able to render a favorable deci-sion in a Trump v. Whomever case be-cause of the candidate’s policy to ban Muslims from entering this country. Anyone who won’t stand up and call this blatant racism has decided to put partisan politics ahead of our country. This is how a new McCarthyism comes to America, sold by a reality TV show host, aided and abetted by a political party without the courage to stand up to racism in its most cynical form. I have watched this campaign, like most of my colleagues, incredulous at what I heard, shocked, in disbelief, and with a deep concern at the level of dis-course that has degenerated into name calling and out-and-out racism. Many of my Republican colleagues and friends are pulling their punches, not going far enough to denounce the rac-ist rants of their nominee. This is not the American political system that I know or grew up with, it is not how we run campaigns, and it should make us all feel uncomfortable. But it is not good enough to simply be uncomfortable with what the presump-tive Republican nominee says. We can’t just turn a deaf ear and a blind eye to someone like Donald Trump and where he threatens to take this Nation should he be elected. We cannot wait until it is too late, and I believe my colleagues know it but have not yet found a way to articulate it. We as a nation have to face the ugli-ness of what he has said and what he has no doubt yet to say. We as a people must immediately and unconditionally condemn and reject the type of blatant racism we heard over the last few days. Those who do not stand up to intoler-ance and hatred only encourage it and sow the seeds of bigotry that will ulti-mately divide us as a nation and a peo-ple. I urge all of my Republican col-leagues and all Americans to reject the politics of settling scores and grudges and work toward changing the hateful rhetoric we continue to hear. We are a nation of immigrants—all of us. We all know the reality of what it means to work hard, get an education, build a career, and find our way to this Chamber or the Federal bench. Many of us grew up in immigrant neighbor-hoods, like Judge Curiel, having to navigate many obstacles, the veiled or not-so-veiled insults, the derogatory comments, the finger-pointing and ra-cial stereotypes, while always remain-ing rational and logical enough to take the long view and see beyond the mir-ror and beyond ourselves so we can make the best decisions we can and take what comes and in doing so be-come part of the larger whole, no longer a stranger but members of something larger than ourselves. When Donald Trump says ‘‘There’s my African American’’ at a political rally, we see only a fellow American, a citizen, one of us, not one of them. Today we are all Judge Gonzalo Curiel, and today we stand together as one Nation, indivisible, no matter how hard someone tries to divide us. I repeat: The road to some of the darkest moments in history have been paved with the rants of petty dema-gogues against ethnic minorities for centuries, and Donald Trump is echo-ing those same racist rants, threat-ening to take this Nation to a dan-gerous place. Let’s all of us speak out before it is too late. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr C
RUZ). The Senator from South Da-kota. 
THE PRESIDENT ’S FOREIGN POLICY  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, as we enter the final stretch of the Obama administration, many have began ana-lyzing the President’s tenure and de-bating what legacy he will leave. Peo-ple are asking: Are we better off? Are we safer? Unfortunately, the evidence suggests that the answer to both of those questions is no. As we look around the world right now, we see more and more unrest and insecurity, and the foreign policy fail-ures of the President and his adminis-tration are partly responsible. Again and again, when it has come time for the President to lead, he has chosen in-stead to sit on the sidelines. His failure to act has emboldened our enemies and alienated our allies. Take the situation in Syria. I am not blaming the start of the Syrian civil war on President Obama, but when a redline was drawn and crossed and the President ignored it, we lost our credi-bility and our ability to influence President Assad. As we retreated from a position of strength, turmoil and un-rest erupted in Syria. The President’s reluctance to act must have looked familiar to foreign leaders like Vladimir Putin. It doesn’t make the front pages of the papers anymore, but we must remember that Russia invaded the sovereign country 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.018 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3486 June 7, 2016 
of Ukraine and annexed Crimea while the President did nothing. After that, it is no surprise that Russia felt free to involve itself in Syria or that it con-tinues to occupy and influence parts of eastern Ukraine as if it were a colony and not a free nation. Recently, we have also seen Russian jets buzzing U.S. Navy ships. I can think of few other Presidents who would have stood for Russia’s behavior, but this passiveness now defines Presi-dent Obama’s approach to foreign pol-icy. The now-infamous Russian reset promoted by President Obama and Sec-retary Clinton will go down in history as a strategic failure of this adminis-tration. In the Pacific, which was intended to be a key focus of the President’s for-eign policy, China has gone largely un-challenged, especially in the South China Sea. The noticeable absence of the United States over the last 7 years has led to China building an island and standing up an airfield in some of the most disputed waters in the world—an island, Mr. President. Can you imagine if a country tried to build an island near the United States and then to militarize it? It is no surprise that our allies in Southeast Asia are growing in-creasingly nervous with the rising military power making such aggressive claims on their doorsteps. Then there is the situation in Iraq. During his campaign, the President promised to withdraw U.S. troops from Iraq, which he then proceeded to do on a publicly announced timetable. Mili-tary planners and congressional Repub-licans warned that telegraphing our plans to insurgents will encourage them to bide their time and wait for our troops to leave before preying upon an underprepared Iraqi military. But it was evident that President Obama and Secretary Clinton didn’t want to see our obligation to the Iraqis through; they were more interested in keeping an ill-advised campaign promise no matter what the cost to security in Iraq. The President proceeded with his plans to withdraw our troops without pressing former Iraqi Prime Minister Maliki on the importance of making sure his country was stable and secure before we withdrew. Everyone knows what happened next: The lack of Amer-ican troops left a gaping hole in Iraq security and ISIS rolled in to fill the gap. Once called the JV team by Presi-dent Obama, ISIS quickly established itself as arguably the most dangerous terrorist organization in the world. From its safe haven in Iraq, ISIS has spread terror across the Middle East and into Europe, destroying peaceful communities and cultural relics alike in its pursuit of a caliphate. My heart especially breaks for the Christians and other religious minori-ties in the region in this time of dark-ness. Their experience under ISIS has been one of relentless persecution and suffering—genocide, Mr. President. ISIS’s spread has only made the situ-ation in Syria more dire, as well as ex-tended terror beyond the Middle East to Europe. It may have also influenced a mass shooting here in the United States. Even the President’s supposed leader-ship triumphs have demonstrated his unwillingness to stand up to our Na-tion’s enemies. As the days pass, buy-er’s remorse from Democrats for the Iran deal continues to grow. The Presi-dent negotiated a nuclear deal with Iran that will not only fail to stop Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon, but it will actually make it easier for Iran to acquire advanced nuclear weapons down the road. This deal will jeop-ardize the security of the United States and our allies for many years to come. Deputy National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes has admitted to creating ‘‘an echo chamber’’ of falsehoods to sell the deal. We have also learned that a firm that helped push the deal also funded positive media coverage. Not only was this a bad deal that will make it easier for Iran to acquire advanced nuclear weapons down the road, the ad-ministration was disingenuous in how it sold the deal. It pulled a fast one over Congress, the American people, and our partners around the world, all in the name of burnishing the Presi-dent’s legacy, not because it was the will of the people. This is another in-stance of the President’s missteps that sends troubling signals to our allies—in this case, Israel, our closest and most reliable ally in the region. I make these points because it is against this backdrop of growing inter-national instability and lessening U.S. influence that the Senate is now con-sidering the National Defense Author-ization Act. This legislation authorizes the funding necessary to equip our troops with the resources they need to carry out their missions. As we look beyond the failures of the Obama administration to the chal-lenges that lie ahead, it is even more important that when it comes to our military, we get things right. It is not America’s strength that tempts our ad-versaries, it is our weakness. That is why we need to ensure that our mili-tary is well-equipped and trained to meet the challenges of rising powers through high-tech capabilities, while also being agile and versatile to com-bat increased unconventional threats from nonstate actors. We sleep at night in peace and safety because our military stands on watch around the globe. As threats multiply around the world, we must ensure that the military has every resource it needs to confront the dangers facing our Nation. We need to support essen-tial forward-looking weapons systems, such as the B–21 long-range strategic bomber and high-tech drones to deter and defeat future threats. We must ensure that detainees stay at Guantanamo, instead of returning to the fight. We must ensure that our troops and their families at home have the support they need and deserve. This bill will accomplish all that. As we continue to debate the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, I am sure there are some contentious issues that will come up, but while there may be some disagreement, we must pass this essential legislation without delay. Playing politics with funding for our troops, as the President did by vetoing the National Defense Author-ization Act last summer, is unaccept-able. I urge my colleagues to join me to advance this essential legislation to provide for our troops to ensure the safety and defense of America and to help restore America’s position of strength. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
HAZARDOUS MATERIALS RAIL TRANSPORTATION  
SAFETY IMPROVEMENT BILL  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, rural Or-egonians who have long worried about trains rumbling through our treasured Columbia River Gorge had their fears realized last Friday when a mile-long oil train derailed and caught fire in the heart of one of our State’s crown jew-els, the Columbia River Gorge. Our State is rich with breathtaking places, and we believe the Columbia River Gorge is right at the top of the list. Local tribes consider the area sa-cred ground, and it took the breath away from Meriwether Lewis, who wrote in his journal of ‘‘beautiful cas-cades which fell from a great height over stupendous rocks. . . .’’. In addition to being a haven for wild-life, the gorge is the lifeblood for tens of thousands of residents in the Pacific Northwest, a critical transportation corridor, and a center for outdoor recreation and tourism. Those who visit the gorge do so to windsurf, kiteboard, and parasail, fish, hike, and camp. It boasts the most visited recre-ation site in the Pacific Northwest, the thundering Multnomah Falls that Meriwether Lewis wrote about. In this pristine area, trains carrying flammable liquids barrel through the gorge on tracks that were built in the first half of the 20th century. On Fri-day, just a stone’s throw from our re-gion’s lifeblood, the Columbia River, one of those trains fell off the tracks. Sixteen cars hauling crude oil crashed within view of a community school in the small town of Mosier. Three tank cars caught fire, one car leaked oil, and one experienced what is known as a thermal tear, sending a column of flames shooting into the air. We can see from the photo next to me just how close this fiery crash was to that school. People within a mile of the crash site were evacuated. The evacu-ation zone included Interstate 84, which was closed for 12 hours, and at least 100 nearby households. Some of these folks have yet to return to their homes. The sewer system was damaged badly enough that it was taken offline. Firefighters were forced to use so much water to put out the fire that the town’s main well was depleted. As a re-sult, residents who remain have been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.020 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3487 June 7, 2016 
forced to drink bottled and boiled water. This has all been taking place in the middle of a heat wave at home. Here is the point about the reality I just described. A lot of Oregonians are telling me that we got lucky with the oil train accident in Mosier, and they are right. This crash has left Orego-nians wondering what unlucky would have looked like. I can tell you it doesn’t take a lot of imagination. The Mosier crash could have been much worse if the train had been going faster and with more cars derailing. It could have been worse if the crash had hap-pened on Thursday, when winds were clocked above 30 miles an hour and the fire would have spread to the nearby tree line. If the crash had happened a mile east, it would have been on the edge of the river, causing a potentially catastrophic spill in the middle of a salmon run. If it had happened 60 miles west, it would have been in downtown Portland or in one of the suburbs. Oregon has been lucky a lot, and at some point that luck is going to run out. What people in small communities in Oregon want to know, and what they deserve to know, is what happens next. What is Congress going to do to start fixing the problem? I am here this morning with my friend and colleague from Oregon, Sen-ator M
ERKLEY , to talk about what spe-cifically we are going to do to get this fixed. More than a year ago, I intro-duced legislation with Senator M
ERKLEY , Senator S CHUMER , and five other Senators called the Hazardous Materials Rail Transportation Safety Improvement Act. Since then, four more Senators have signed on. Among the bill’s lead supporters are the Inter-national Association of Firefighters and the International Association of Fire Chiefs. Our bill reduces the chance of acci-dents in the first place by providing funding for communities to relocate segments of track away from highly populated areas and for States to con-duct more track inspections. Next, it helps communities prepare for a pos-sible accident by paying for training for first responders before the next ac-cident. Finally, the bill provides mar-ket incentives to use the safest tank cars to transport hazardous materials, which lowers the chance of a spill or a fire in the event of an accident. On Monday I talked with Union Pacific’s CEO, Mr. Fritz. He committed to work with me and the Senate spon-sors on this legislation. He indicated there were parts of the bill that the company can support. I think knowing that the company is willing now to fol-low up is a bit of constructive news and an encouraging development, but much more needs to be done. Yesterday, Senator M
ERKLEY and I, with our Governor, Congressman B
LU-
MENAUER , Congressman B ONAMICI , called for a temporary moratorium on oil train traffic through the Columbia River Gorge. Yesterday, when I talked to the CEO of Union Pacific, Mr. Fritz, he committed that the Union Pacific will not ship Union trains of oil through the gorge until there are three developments: No. 1, the cause of the accident has been determined, No. 2, Union Pacific ensures that an accident will not happen again, and the com-pany sits down and works out concerns that are obviously of enormous impor-tance to the residents of Mosier. These commitments are helpful, and we are going to monitor them closely. The company has to do everything pos-sible to help get residents in the town back on their feet. That includes get-ting the sewage system up and running and getting people back in their homes so they can get about their everyday lives. In my view, it would be hard, after a very close call like the one in Mosier on Friday, for anybody to just walk away and say, well, there probably will not be another accident, because while the people of Mosier work to get back to their normal lives, the threat of an-other crash is going to linger. Our peo-ple are talking about it. They are tell-ing the newspapers they are nervous. They are nervous about the prospect of another accident, which is lingering in the minds of folks across my State. It has been clear for years that more needs to be done to protect our commu-nities and prevent the next accident from ever occurring. It is tragic that Mosier has now joined a long and grow-ing list of both small towns and big cit-ies that have experienced an oil train accident, including: Casselton, ND; Lynchburg, VA; Aliceville, AL; New Augusta, MS; LaSalle, CO; Galena, IL; Watertown, WI; and Philadelphia, PA. More needs to be done to ensure that transportation systems used to haul crude oil and other flammable liquids are up to par. I hope Members of this body on both sides of the aisle will join me and Senator MERKLEY and nine other Senators. We already have over 10 percent of the Senate. I hope they will join us in our effort to protect communities everywhere from the next oil train accident. This has nothing to do with Democrats and Republicans. What this has to do with is whether we are going to take commonsense steps to prevent these accidents and ensure that in particular we do everything we can to have the kind of trains that are not as likely to be part of accidents in the future. My colleague Senator M
ERKLEY has been a terrific partner in this effort. We have been talking about how we are going to tackle this urgent issue for the people we represent, and he is going to have important remarks about Friday’s accident in Mosier as well. With that, I yield the floor and look forward to Senator M
ERKLEY ’s com-ments. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I rise with my friend and colleague Senator W
YDEN to draw attention to the dan-gerous oil train derailment that oc-curred in Oregon last Friday and the urgency to protect communities around our Nation with stronger safety regulations for these rolling explosion hazards. The folks in the Columbia Gorge have experienced a proliferation of trains carrying coal and carrying oil. They have been concerned about the length of the trains and how these trains roll through, dividing their com-munities and the challenges they have. There is one concern they have above everything else; that is, that a train full of explosive Bakken crude would derail in their community. That hap-pened last Friday. It is the very scenario communities have dreaded. This oil train was trav-eling through the Cascade Mountains along the Columbia Gorge on its way to Tacoma, WA, with 97 cars loaded with flammable, explosive Bakken crude. Sixteen tank cars went off the tracks. One car ruptured, and when it ruptured, it spewed oil. The oil created an inferno, and the inferno started to heat up the adjacent cars. The adjacent cars had pressure relief valves that as they got hot, started spewing oil out of these pressure relief valves, spreading the fire to three cars. This happened near the town of Mosier, OR, which is just 70 miles east of Portland. We were fortunate. We thank our lucky stars no one was injured in the incident, but it could have been dif-ferent, as my colleague from Oregon pointed out. The proximity of Mosier resulted in an evacuation of over 100 nearby residents and the nearby grade school with over 200 children. An air quality warning occurred for vulner-able residents from the thick plumes of black smoke. We were fortunate, and we are happy that no human life was taken and no injury occurred. Let’s take a look at what that in-ferno looked like in this photo. We can see the massive plume of burning Bakken crude rising into the air. We see here the fire in the adjacent cars. We see the proximity to the Columbia River. There could have been a massive release of oil into the Columbia River as well. Again, we were fortunate in this regard. The Columbia Gorge is a very special place, but as its narrow channel through the Cascade Mountain occurs, these trains run through the middle of virtually every community along the way. They represent a rolling time bomb. Citizens are right to have grave concerns. I don’t think the citizens along the Columbia Gorge are mollified by think-ing, well, it could have been worse; we were fortunate this time. Instead, what the citizens of Mosier are thinking and citizens in communities all along the gorge are thinking is, our concerns about these rolling explosion hazards are confirmed, and we need to take se-rious measures so that one of these trains does not blow up in our commu-nity in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.021 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3488 June 7, 2016 
Now there are inspections that take place. The track was reportedly in-spected on May 31. A track detector ve-hicle used laser and other technology to inspect the track within the last 30 days. But what happened? Why did this occur along this stretch of track? It is reported that a bolt or multiple bolts sheared. Why did they shear? Was it temperature differentials between day and night in our unusually warm spring? Was it because of the weight of these trains rolling through? Was it the volume of the traffic? Was it the speed they were traveling? We have to understand every detail so that we respond and make sure this does not happen again. That is why it is so disturbing that the National Transportation Safety Board declined to investigate. In its mission, the NTSB is supposed to investigate acci-dents that result in the ‘‘release of haz-ardous materials’’—well, that certainly was the case—and that ‘‘involve prob-lems of a recurring nature’’. There have been recurring derailments that involve significant property damage. There was significant damage here. This derailment sent oil into Mosier’s wastewater treatment plant. The plant has been closed down, a major challenge for the city to cope with. There has even been a pause in the drinking water because of the mod-est oil sheen in the river. It was uncer-tain where it was coming from and whether it would get into the intake for the drinking water. So let’s hereafter not have a situa-tion where there is a significant crash and we don’t have the investigation to learn everything about it so we can apply those lessons into the future. Senator W
YDEN has been leading the charge to make sure that we under-stand accidents, that we have the right set of precautions in place: braking standards on the brakes and speed standards on the tracks and upgraded railroad tanker cars that are far less likely to rupture. I thank him for his leadership on this. I am a full-square partner in this effort. The tank car that ruptured was not one that met the new standards. It was what was referred to by the president of Union Pacific as kind of a ‘‘medium safety’’—not the worst car, not the old-est car. It did have some upgrades on it but certainly not the new cars that we have been setting and aspiring to have; that is, a stronger car with more pro-tections, minimizing the chance of a rupture. This is an issue we must take on seri-ously and urgently. Let’s recognize that it is one accident after another. In July 2013, a runaway Montreal, Maine & Atlantic Railway train spilled oil and caught fire inside the town of Lac- Megantic in Quebec. Forty-seven peo-ple were killed. Thirty buildings burned in the town center. In December of that year, a fire en-gulfed tank cars loaded with oil on a Burlington Northern Santa Fe train after a collision about a mile from Casselton, ND. Two thousand residents were evacuated as emergency respond-ers struggled with the intense fire. In January 2014, a 122-car Canadian National Railway train derailed in New Brunswick, Canada. Three cars con-taining propane and one car containing crude from western Canada exploded after the derailment, creating intense fires that burned for days. In April of that year, 15 cars of a crude oil train derailed in Lynchburg, VA, near a railside eatery and a pedes-trian waterfront, sending flames and black smoke into the air. Thirty thou-sand gallons of oil spilled into the James River. The list goes on. In February of 2015—— Mr. MCCAIN. Will the Senator allow an interruption so that I can be recog-nized for a unanimous consent request, and he then will regain the floor? Mr. MERKLEY. I would be honored to yield for your unanimous consent proposal. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senator from Oregon yield to me for a unani-mous consent request without losing his right to the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following amendments be in order to be offered: Durbin No. 4369 and Inhofe No. 4204. I further ask that the time until 4 p.m. be equally divided between the man-agers or their designees and that the Senate then proceed to vote in relation to the amendments in the order listed, with no second-degree amendments to these amendments in order prior to the votes, and that there be 2 minutes equally divided prior to each vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 4138, 4293, 4112, 4177, 4354, 4079, 
4317, 4031, 4169, 4236, 4119, 4095, 4086, 4071, 4247, AND 
4344 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following amendments be called up en bloc: 4138, Peters; 4293, Baldwin; 4112, Gillibrand; 4177, Schumer; 4354, Leahy; 4079, Heitkamp; 4317, Hirono; 4031, Cardin; 4169, Coats; 4236, Portman; 4119, Rob-erts; 4095, Ernst; 4086, Murkowski; 4071, Hatch; 4247, Danes; and 4344, Sullivan. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Arizona [Mr. M CCAIN], for others, proposes amendments numbered 4138, 4293, 4112, 4177, 4354, 4079, 4317, 4031, 4169, 4236, 4119, 4095, 4086, 4071, 4247, and 4344 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: AMENDMENT NO . 4138 (Purpose: To provide for the treatment by discharge review boards of claims asserting post-traumatic stress disorder or trau-matic brain injury in connection with com-bat or sexual trauma as a basis for review of discharge) After section 536, insert the following: 
SEC. 536A. TREATMENT BY DISCHARGE REVIEW BOARDS OF CLAIMS ASSERTING POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DIS-ORDER OR TRAUMATIC BRAIN IN-JURY IN CONNECTION WITH COM-BAT OR SEXUAL TRAUMA AS A BASIS FOR REVIEW OF DISCHARGE. 
Section 1553(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3)(A) In addition to the requirements of paragraph (1) and (2), in the case of a former member described in subparagraph (B), the Board shall— ‘‘(i) review medical evidence of the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs or a civilian health care provider that is presented by the former member; and ‘‘(ii) review the case with liberal consider-ation to the former member that post-trau-matic stress disorder or traumatic brain in-jury potentially contributed to the cir-cumstances resulting in the discharge of a lesser characterization. ‘‘(B) A former member described in this subparagraph is a former member described in paragraph (1) or a former member whose application for relief is based in whole or in part on matters relating to post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury as supporting rationale, or as justification for priority consideration, whose post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury is related to combat or military sexual trauma, as determined by the Secretary concerned.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4293 (Purpose: To require a National Academy of Sciences study on alternative technologies for conventional munitions demilitariza-tion) At the end of subtitle C of title XIV, add the following: 
SEC. 1422. NATIONAL ACADEMIES OF SCIENCES STUDY ON CONVENTIONAL MUNI-TIONS DEMILITARIZATION ALTER-NATIVE TECHNOLOGIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Army shall enter into an arrangement with the Board on Army Science and Technology of the National Academies of Sciences, Engi-neering, and Medicine to conduct a study of the conventional munitions demilitarization program of the Department of Defense. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study required pursu-ant to subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) A review of the current conventional munitions demilitarization stockpile, includ-ing types of munitions and types of mate-rials contaminated with propellants or energetics, and the disposal technologies used. (2) An analysis of disposal, treatment, and reuse technologies, including technologies currently used by the Department and emerging technologies used or being devel-oped by private or other governmental agen-cies, including a comparison of cost, throughput capacity, personnel safety, and environmental impacts. (3) An identification of munitions types for which alternatives to open burning, open detonation, or non-closed loop incineration/ combustion are not used. (4) An identification and evaluation of any barriers to full-scale deployment of alter-natives to open burning, open detonation, or non-closed loop incineration/combustion, and recommendations to overcome such bar-riers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.023 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3489 June 7, 2016 
(5) An evaluation whether the maturation and deployment of governmental or private technologies currently in research and devel-opment would enhance the conventional mu-nitions demilitarization capabilities of the Department. (c) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the study conducted pursuant to subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 4112 (Purpose: To expand protections against wrongful discharge to sexual assault sur-vivors) At the end of part II of subtitle D of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 554. MEDICAL EXAMINATION BEFORE AD-MINISTRATIVE SEPARATION FOR MEMBERS WITH POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER OR TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY IN CONNECTION WITH SEXUAL ASSAULT. 
Section 1177(a)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, or sexually assaulted,’’ after ‘‘deployed overseas in support of a con-tingency operation’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘or based on such sexual assault,’’ after ‘‘while deployed,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4177 (Purpose: To require a report on the replace-ment of the security forces and commu-nications training facility at Frances S. Gabreski Air National Guard Base, New York) At the end of subtitle B of title XXVI, add the following: 
SEC. 2615. REPORT ON REPLACEMENT OF SECU-RITY FORCES AND COMMUNICA-TIONS TRAINING FACILITY AT FRANCES S. GABRESKI AIR NA-TIONAL GUARD BASE, NEW YORK. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The 106th Rescue Wing at Francis S. Gabreski Air National Guard Base, New York, provides combat search and rescue coverage for United States and allied forces. (2) The mission of 106th Rescue Wing is to provide worldwide Personnel Recovery, Com-bat Search and Rescue Capability, Expedi-tionary Combat Support, and Civil Search and Rescue Support to Federal and State en-tities. (3) The current security forces and commu-nications facility at Frances S. Gabreski Air National Guard Base, specifically building 250, has fire safety deficiencies and does not comply with anti-terrorism/force protection standards, creating hazardous conditions for members of the Armed Forces and requiring expeditious abatement. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth an assessment of the need to replace the security forces and commu-nications training facility at Frances S. Gabreski Air National Guard Base. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4354 (Purpose: To clarify that the National Guard’s mission is both Federal and non- Federal for purposes of a report on the cost of conversion of military technicians to ac-tive Guard and Reserve) On page 819, strike lines 7 through 13 and insert the following: (B) An assessment of the ratio of members of the Armed Forces performing active Guard and Reserve duty and civilian employ-ees of the Department of Defense required to best contribute to the readiness of the Re-serves and of the National Guard for its Fed-eralized and non-Federalized missions. AMENDMENT NO . 4079 (Purpose: To ensure continued operational capability for long-range bomber missions in the event of termination of the B–21 bomber program) On page 556, line 2, insert ‘‘, including the modernization investments required to en-sure that B–1, B–2, or B–52 aircraft can carry out the full range of long-range bomber air-craft missions anticipated in operational plans of the Armed Forces’’ after ‘‘program’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4317 (Purpose: To fulfill the commitment of the United States to the Republic of Palau) At the end of subtitle H of title XII, insert the following: 
SEC. 1277. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON COMMIT-MENT TO THE REPUBLIC OF PALAU. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Republic of Palau is comprised of 300 islands and covers roughly 177 square miles strategically located in the western Pacific Ocean between the Philippines and the United States territory of Guam. (2) The United States and Palau have forged close security, economic and cultural ties since the United States defeated the armed forces of Imperial Japan in Palau in 1944. (3) The United States administered Palau as a District of the United Nations Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands from 1947 to 1994. (4) In 1994, the United States and Palau en-tered into a 50-year Compact of Free Asso-ciation which provided for the independence of Palau and set forth the terms for close and mutually beneficial relations in secu-rity, economic, and governmental affairs. (5) The security terms of the Compact grant the United States full authority and responsibility for the security and defense of Palau, including the exclusive right to deny any nation’s military forces access to the territory of Palau except the United States, an important element of our Pacific strategy for defense of the United States homeland, and the right to establish and use defense sites in Palau. (6) The Compact entitles any citizen of Palau to volunteer for service in the United States Armed Forces, and they do so at a rate that exceeds that of any of the 50 States. (7) In 2009, and in accordance with section 432 of the Compact, the United States and Palau reviewed their overall relationship. In 2010, the two nations signed an agreement updating and extending several provisions of the Compact, including an extension of United States financial and program assist-ance to Palau, and establishing increased post-9/11 immigration protections. However, the United States has not yet approved this Agreement or provided the assistance as called for in the Agreement. (8) Beginning in 2010 and most recently on February 22, 2016, the Department of the In-terior, the Department of State, and the De-partment of Defense have sent letters to Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President Pro Tempore of the Senate transmitting the legislation to approve the 2010 United States Palau Agreement includ-ing an analysis of the budgetary impact of the legislation. (9) The February 22, 2016, letter concluded, ‘‘Approving the results of the Agreement is important to the national security of the United States, stability in the Western Pa-cific region, our bilateral relationship with Palau and to the United States’ broader stra-tegic interest in the Asia-Pacific region.’’ (10) On May 20, 2016, the Department of De-fense submitted a letter to the Chairmen and Ranking Members of the congressional de-fense committees in support of including leg-islation enacting the agreement in the fiscal year 2017 National Defense Authorization Act and concluded that its inclusion ad-vances United States national security ob-jectives in the region. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) to fulfill the promise and commitment of the United States to its ally, the Republic of Palau, and reaffirm this special relation-ship and strengthen the ability of the United States to defend the homeland, Congress and the President should promptly enact the Compact Review Agreement signed by the United States and Palau in 2010; and (2) Congress and the President should im-mediately seek a mutually acceptable solu-tion to approving the Compact Review Agreement and ensuring adequate budgetary resources are allocated to meet United States obligations under the Compact through enacting legislation, including through this Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4031 (Purpose: To impose sanctions with respect to foreign persons responsible for gross viola-tions of internationally recognized human rights) 
(The amendment is printed in the R
ECORD of May 18, 2016, under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
AMENDMENT NO . 4169 (Purpose: To require a report on the dis-charge by warrant officers of pilot and other flight officer positions in the Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force currently dis-charged by commissioned officers) At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the following: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON DISCHARGE BY WARRANT OFFICERS OF PILOT AND OTHER FLIGHT OFFICER POSITIONS IN THE NAVY, MARINE, CORPS, AND AIR FORCE CURRENTLY DISCHARGED BY COMMISSIONED OFFICERS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy and the Sec-retary of the Air Force shall each submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the feasibility and advisability of the discharge by warrant officers of pilot and other flight officer positions in the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Sec-retary that are currently discharged by com-missioned officers. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under sub-section (a) shall set forth, for each Armed Force covered by such report, the following: (1) An assessment of the feasibility and ad-visability of the discharge by warrant offi-cers of pilot and other flight officer positions that are currently discharged by commis-sioned officers. (2) An identification of each such position, if any, for which the discharge by warrant officers is assessed to be feasible and advis-able. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4236 (Purpose: To require a report on priorities for bed downs, basing criteria, and special mission units for C–130J aircraft of the Air Force) At the end of subtitle H of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1085. REPORT ON PRIORITIES FOR BED DOWNS, BASING CRITERIA, AND SPE-CIAL MISSION UNITS FOR C–130J AIRCRAFT OF THE AIR FORCE. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the Air Force Reserve Command con-tributes unique capabilities to the total 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.001 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3490 June 7, 2016 
force, including all the weather reconnais-sance and aerial spray capabilities, and 25 percent of the Modular Airborne Firefighting System capabilities, of the Air Force; and (2) special mission units of the Air Force Reserve Command currently operate aging aircraft, which jeopardizes future mission readiness and operational capabilities. (b) R
EPORT ON PRIORITIES FOR C–130J B ED D
OWNS , BASING CRITERIA , AND SPECIAL MIS-
SION UNITS.—Not later than February 1, 2017, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the following: (1) The overall prioritization scheme of the Air Force for future C–130J aircraft unit bed downs. (2) The strategic basing criteria of the Air Force for C–130J aircraft unit conversions. (3) The unit conversion priorities for spe-cial mission units of the Air Force Reserve Command, the Air National Guard, and the regular Air Force, and the manner which considerations such as age of airframes fac-tor into such priorities. (4) Such other information relating to C– 130J aircraft unit conversions and bed downs as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4119 (Purpose: To prohibit reprogramming re-quests of the Department of Defense for funds for the transfer or release, or con-struction for the transfer or release, of in-dividuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba) After section 1022, insert the following: 
SEC. 1022A. PROHIBITION ON REPROGRAMMING REQUESTS FOR FUNDS FOR TRANS-FER OR RELEASE, OR CONSTRUC-TION FOR TRANSFER OR RELEASE, OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
While the prohibitions in sections 1031 and 1032 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 968) are in effect, the Department of Defense may not submit to Congress a re-programming request for funds to carry out any action prohibited by either such section. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4095 (Purpose: To improve Federal program and project management) 
(The amendment is printed in the R
ECORD of May 24, 2016, under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
AMENDMENT NO . 4086 (Purpose: To authorize a lease of real prop-erty at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson, Alaska) At the end of subtitle C of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2826. LEASE, JOINT BASE ELMENDORF-RICH-ARDSON, ALASKA. 
(a) L EASES AUTHORIZED .— (1) L
EASE TO MUNICIPALITY OF ANCHORAGE .— The Secretary of the Air Force may lease to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska, cer-tain real property, to include improvements thereon, at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richard-son (‘‘JBER’’), Alaska, as more particularly described in subsection (b) for the purpose of permitting the Municipality to use the leased property for recreational purposes. (2) L
EASE TO MOUNTAIN VIEW LIONS CLUB .— The Secretary of the Air Force may lease to the Mountain View Lions Club certain real property, to include improvements thereon, at JBER, as more particularly described in subsection (b) for the purpose of the installa-tion, operation, maintenance, protection, re-pair and removal of recreational equipment. (b) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .— (1) The real property to be leased under subsection (a)(1) consists of the real property described in Department of the Air Force Lease No. DACA85-1-99-14. (2) The real property to be leased under subsection (a)(2) consists of real property de-scribed in Department of the Air Force Lease No. DACA85-1-97-36. (c) TERM AND CONDITIONS OF LEASES .— (1) T
ERM OF LEASES .—The term of the leases authorized under subsection (a) shall not exceed 25 years. (2) O
THER TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Except as otherwise provided in this section— (A) the remaining terms and conditions of the lease under subsection (a)(1) shall consist of the same terms and conditions described in Department of the Air Force Lease No. DACA85-1-99-14; and (B) the remaining terms and conditions of the lease under subsection (a)(2) shall consist of the same terms and conditions described in Department of the Air Force Lease No. DACA85-1-97-36. (d) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the leases under this section as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the inter-ests of the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4071 (Purpose: To redesignate the Assistant Sec-retary of the Air Force for Acquisition as the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics) At the end of subtitle C of title IX, insert the following: 
SEC. 949. REDESIGNATION OF ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY OF THE AIR FORCE FOR AC-QUISITION AS ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY OF THE AIR FORCE FOR AC-QUISITION, TECHNOLOGY, AND LO-GISTICS. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—Section 8016(b)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Ac-quisition, Technology, and Logistics’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, technology, and logis-tics’’ after ‘‘acquisition’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference to the As-sistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acqui-sition in any law, regulation, map, docu-ment, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4247 (Purpose: To require an expedited decision with respect to securing land-based missile fields) At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, insert the following: 
SEC. 1655. EXPEDITED DECISION WITH RESPECT TO SECURING LAND-BASED MISSILE FIELDS. 
To mitigate any risk posed to the nuclear forces of the United States by the failure to replace the UH–1N helicopter, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff— (1) decide if the land-based missile fields using UH–1N helicopters meet security re-quirements and if there are any shortfalls or gaps in meeting such requirements; (2) not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, submit to Con-gress a report on the decision relating to a request for forces required by paragraph (1); and (3) if the Chairman determines the imple-mentation of the decision to be warranted to mitigate any risk posed to the nuclear forces of the United States— (A) not later than 60 days after such date of enactment, implement that decision; or (B) if the Secretary cannot implement that decision during the period specified in sub-paragraph (A), not later than 45 days after such date of enactment, submit to Congress a report that includes a proposal for the date by which the Secretary can implement that decision and a plan to carry out that pro-posal. AMENDMENT NO . 4344 (Purpose: To authorize military-to-military exchanges with India) At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1247. MILITARY-TO-MILITARY EXCHANGES WITH INDIA. 
To enhance military cooperation and en-courage engagement in joint military oper-ations between the United States and India, the Secretary of Defense may take appro-priate actions to ensure that exchanges be-tween senior military officers and senior ci-vilian defense officials of the Government of India and the United States Government— (1) are at a level appropriate to enhance engagement between the militaries of the two countries for developing threat analysis, military doctrine, force planning, logistical support, intelligence collection and analysis, tactics, techniques, and procedures, and hu-manitarian assistance and disaster relief; (2) include exchanges of general and flag officers; and (3) significantly enhance joint military op-erations, including maritime security, counter-piracy, counter-terror cooperation, and domain awareness in the Indo-Asia-Pa-cific region. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate now vote on these amendments en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Is there any further debate on these amendments? Hearing none, the question is on agreeing to the amendments en bloc. The amendments (Nos. 4138, 4293, 4112, 4177, 4354, 4079, 4317, 4031, 4169, 4236, 4119, 4095, 4086, 4071, 4247, and 4344) were agreed to en bloc. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I men-tioned to my colleagues that we would have these two votes later this after-noon, depending on an agreement be-tween the majority leader and the Democratic leader. I thank my col-leagues for their cooperation, and we look forward to those two votes. I thank my colleague from Oregon for allowing me to make this unani-mous consent request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. For the information of all Senators, the Senate is under an order to recess at 12:30 p.m. The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator M
ERKLEY , my colleague from Oregon, be allowed to finish his remarks prior to the recess. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that, at the conclu-sion of the Senator’s remarks, I be rec-ognized for my remarks for 8 minutes before the recess. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oregon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.003 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3491 June 7, 2016 
HAZARDOUS MATERIALS RAIL TRANSPORTATION  
SAFETY IMPROVEMENT BILL  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, in February of 2015, on Valentine’s Day, a 100-car Canadian National Railway train hauling crude oil and petroleum distillates derailed in Ontario, Canada. The blaze burned for days. Two days later, a 109-car CSX oil train derailed and caught fire near Mount Carbon, WV, leaking oil into a Kanawha River tributary and burning a house to its foundation. The blaze burned for weeks. In November of last year, a dozen cars loaded with crude oil derailed from a Canadian Pacific Railway train, causing the evacuation of dozens of homes near Watertown, WI. Let’s take a look at this chart. In all, there have been 32 crashes involving oil trains since 2013. So in less than 4 years, there have been 32 crashes. I just highlighted a few of them. We see a massive increase of crude oil trans-ported by rail. Therefore, there is a corresponding concern because of the explosive nature of this product and the derailments resulting in explosions and infernos. Senator W
YDEN and I have been call-ing for reform. We are going to keep pressing. We need better information for first responders on the scheduling of these trains. We need better knowl-edge of where the foam that can be used to respond is stored. We need more foam stored in more places. We need faster implementation of the brake standards and faster implemen-tation of the speed standards and faster implementation of the railcar tanker standards. But we have to understand what hap-pened in every one of these wrecks. Let’s take the same diligence to this that we take to aviation. We study every plane crash to understand what went wrong so we can take these les-sons and diminish the odds of it hap-pening again. The result is, we have in-credibly safe aviation. Shouldn’t we have the same standards when it ap-plies to transportation across America with trains full of explosive oil running through the middle of our towns, not just in Oregon but all across this coun-try? Haven’t we learned in crash after crash after crash that these are not one-time isolated incidents, but some-thing that happens with considerable regularity? Can’t we do more? Yes, we can. Yesterday, when I talked to the president of Union Pa-cific, I told him we were going to call for a moratorium, and Senator W
YDEN  and Governor Brown and Representa-tives B
LUMENAUER and B ONAMICI have joined in this effort. He heard our voice. He understands the challenge to these communities and the concerns that until the mess is cleaned up and until we understand and address the fundamental problems that contributed to this crash, no more oil should roll through the Columbia Gorge. That is what we have called for. That is what we are going to keep persisting in. Let’s stop this process of having oil train crash after oil train crash, explo-sion after explosion, inferno after in-ferno. The damage has gone up dra-matically as the transportation of this oil has gone up dramatically. Incidents resulted in $30 million in damage last year, up from one-fourth of that the previous year. So let’s act. Let’s act aggressively. Let’s act quickly. Senator WYDEN ’s act would take us a powerful stride in the right direction. Let’s not look to our citizens and towns with rail tracks across this country and simply shrug our shoul-ders. Instead, let’s say we know we have a major problem and we are going to be diligent and aggressive in solving it. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4204 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment in order to call up amendment No. 4204. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Oklahoma [Mr. I NHOFE ] proposes an amendment numbered 4204. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To strike the provision relating to the pilot program on privatization of the Defense Commissary System) Strike section 662. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following Senators be added as cosponsors to the Inhofe-Mikulski amendment No. 4204: S
ESSIONS , RUBIO, SHELBY , MORAN , WAR-
REN, PETERS , and M ENENDEZ . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, we have been here before. The same language that is in the base bill right now was in a year ago. On the floor last year, we passed the Inhofe-Mikulski amend-ment, requiring a Secretary of Defense report on commissary benefits. It passed by unanimous consent with 25 bipartisan sponsors and cosponsors, and it was supported by 41 outside or-ganizations and by the administration. It required a study on the impact of privatization of commissaries on mili-tary families before a pilot program on privatizing could be implemented that was to look at modifications to the commissary system. I am sending the language now, which I will get to in a minute. It re-quired a Comptroller General assess-ment of the plan no later than 120 days after submittal of the report. Here is the situation. The House passed the fiscal year 2017 NDAA, and it doesn’t include privatization lan-guage. The Senate version has the same language as last year, which would authorize a pilot program to pri-vatize five commissaries on five major military bases. But only yesterday, we received the report from the Secretary of Defense. We have not yet received the Comptroller General’s review. Congress asked for this study because of concerns about the impact that pri-vatization could have on our service-members and the commissary benefit. It seems as if we are taking away bene-fits. We are working these guys and gals harder than we ever have before, and this is one very significant benefit that is there. Senator MIKULSKI and I, along with our now 38 cosponsors—last year it was 25—and with the support of 42 outside organizations are offering a simple amendment that strikes the privatiza-tion pilot program, allowing Congress to receive and vet the Secretary of De-fense report and the valuation of the Comptroller. This is not the first time this was done. The January 2015 report by the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission determined that commissaries were worth pre-serving, and they did not recommend privatization. That report took place almost 2 years ago. When surveyed in 2014, 95 percent of the military members were using com-missaries and gave them a 91-percent satisfaction rate. According to the Military Officers Association of America, the average family of four who shops exclusively at commissaries sees a savings of some-where between 30 percent to 40 percent. Mr. President, I have six testimonials from military members about using commissaries that I wish to enter into the R
ECORD . They said the following: 
‘‘Our family needs the commissary! We wouldn’t be able to afford a decent amount of groceries for our family if we had to shop off post!’’ ‘‘My husband is currently active duty AF, and I drive 30 one way just to be able to shop at the commissary. We are stationed at a base in the middle of nowhere and if I were to shop at our local store, I would pay nearly twice as much. And, I know that a vast ma-jority of those stationed where we are use the commissary for the same reason. And please consider those stationed overseas and in other rural locations. If the commissaries were privatized, they could increase the prices and without competition, our grocery bill would be significantly higher.’’ ‘‘Whether I am in the states or overseas I use my benefits of lower food cost. I’ve been in the military for 22 years, I’ve seen a lot of changes. But this should not be one. If any-one from your office wants more information feel free to contact me.’’ ‘‘While there are some items that may be found at a lower individual price on the economy the total combined savings remains constant.’’ ‘‘When I went out in town and we tried to get the same amount, we got about half of the groceries that we could afford at the Commissary.’’ ‘‘If you want to keep an all-volunteer mili-tary, you must keep the benefits that are in place as of today and for the future. All that are serving and have served depend on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.026 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3492 June 7, 2016 
commissary and exchange for low-cost goods. If the Commission does not recommend a pay increase, all benefits are extremely needed.’’ 
Commissaries are required to operate in remote areas. A lot of these objec-tions are from commissaries in remote areas where people don’t have any other place to actually make their pur-chases. At a time when thousands of junior servicemembers and their families use food stamps, we should not be making changes that could increase costs at the checkout line. The commissary benefit encourages people to reenlist, preserving a well- trained, dedicated military. It ensures that training investments are well spent, saving the expense of retraining the majority of the force every few years. The commissary savings and proximity and the consistency of the commissaries also encourage spouses, whose opinions may be a deciding fac-tor in reenlistment decisions. I know this is true. Just last Friday I was at Altus Air Force Base. I went into the commissary and talked to someone who was reconsidering. It was the wife of a flyer. Right now one of the biggest problems we have in the Air Force is the pilot shortage. They said that would be a major determining the factor. So it is the right thing to do. It also provides jobs for families of servicemen. Sixty percent of the com-missary employees are military re-lated. The greatest benefit is that their jobs are transferable. If they are trans-ferred from one place to another, they are already trained and ready to go. As I said, the Department of Defense delivered their report only yesterday and no one has had a chance to really go over it. The mandated GAO review of this plan is now under way. Of course, it could be up to 120 days after this for the next step to become com-pleted. The report supports section 661 of the Senate bill regarding optimization of operations consistent with business practices, but it doesn’t affect 662. That is the section where we had the pilot program. We have addressed this before, but the report also acknowledges that pri-vatization would not be able to rep-licate the range of benefits, the level of savings, and geographic reach provided by DeCA while achieving budget neu-trality. It states that the Department of De-fense—and I am talking about the re-port from the Department of Defense— is continuing its due diligence on pri-vatization by assessing the privatiza-tion-involved portions. They are al-ready doing that right now. In fact, some things have already been privatized, such as the delis, the bak-eries. They have been privatized al-ready in those areas and that is actu-ally working. So privatizing military commissaries before having a full as-sessment of the costs and benefits is not the responsible thing to do. We owe that to our members. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the RECORD the Members who are cosponsors and the organizations that are supporting the Inhofe-Mikulski amendment No. 4204. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
INHOFE -MIKULSKI AMENDMENT #4204 (1) Boozman (R-Ark.), (2) Boxer (D-Cali.), (3) Brown (D-Ohio), (4) Burr (R-N.C.), (5) Cap-ito (R-W.Va.), (6) Cardin (D-Md.), (7) Casey (D-Pa.), (8) Collins (R-Maine), (9) Gillibrand (D-N.Y.), (10) Hatch (R-Utah), (11) Heller (R- Nev.), (12) Hirono (D-Hawaii), (13) Kaine (D- Va.), (14) Klobuchar (D-Minn.), (15) Lankford (R-Okla.), (16) Markey (D-Mass.), (17) Menen-dez (D-N.J.), (18) Moran (R-Kan.). (19) Murkowski (R-Alaska), (20) Murray (D- Wash.), (21) Nelson (D-Fla.), (22) Peters (D- Mich.), (23) Rounds (R-S.D.), (24) Rubio (R- Fla.), (25) Schatz (D-Hawaii), (26) Schumer (D-N.Y.), (27) Session (R-Ala.), (28) Shelby (R- Ala.), (29) Stabenow (D-Mich.), (30) Tester (D- Mont.), (31) Tillis (R-N.C.), (32) Udall (D- N.M.), (33) Vitter (R-La.), (34) Warner (D- Va.), (35) Warren (D-Mass.), (36) Whitehouse (D-R.I.). 
42 ORGANIZATIONS SUPPORTING THIS AMEND -
MENT /OPPOSING PRIVATIZATION LANGUAGE IN  
THE BILL  (1) Air Force Sergeants Association, (2) American Federation of Government Em-ployees, (3) American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations Teamsters, (4) American Logistics Associa-tion, (5) American Military Retirees Associa-tion, (6) American Military Society, (7) American Retirees Association, (8) American Veterans, (9) Armed Forces Marketing Coun-cil, (10) Army and Navy Union, (11) Associa-tion of the United States Army, (12) Associa-tion of the United States Navy, (13) Fleet Re-serve Association, (14) Gold Star Wives of America. (15) International Brotherhood of Team-sters, (16) Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, (17) Jewish War Veterans of the United States of America, (18) Military Order of Foreign Wars, (19) Military Order of the Purple Heart, (20) National Defense Com-mittee, (21) National Guard Association of the United States, (22) National Military Family Association, (23) National Military and Veterans Alliance, (24) Military Partners and Families Coalition, (25) Military Officers Association of America, (26) National Asso-ciation for Uniformed Services, (27) Society of Military Widows, (28) The American Mili-tary Partner Association, (29) The Coalition to Save Our Military Shopping Benefits, (30) The Flag and General Officers Network. (31) Tragedy Assistance Program for Sur-vivors, (32) The Retired Enlisted Association, (33) Uniformed Services Disabled Retirees, (34) United States Army Warrant Officers As-sociation, (35) Veterans of Foreign Wars, (36) Vietnam Veterans of America, (37) Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, (38) Na-tional Industries for the Blind, (39) Naval En-listed Reserve Association, (40) Reserve Offi-cer Association, (41) Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the United States, (42) The American Legion. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of my time. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:53 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. PORTMAN ). 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4204 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I rise today to offer a bipartisan Inhofe-Mi-kulski amendment to the National De-fense Act. What does our amendment do? It stops the privatization of com-missaries, which are an earned benefit for our military and their families. Every year when the Senate debates this bill, we talk about how we love our troops and how we always want to sup-port our military families. But if we really love our troops, we need to make sure our troops have the support they need. One of the earned benefits that does that is the commissaries. And if we love our troops, why would we want to proceed in this direction of privat-ization? Our troops don’t view com-missaries as a subsidy; they view them, as do I, as an earned benefit. I am fighting here to preserve this piece of the earned benefit compensation pack-age. What are the commissaries? Since 1826, military families have been able to shop at a network of stores that pro-vide modestly priced groceries. The commissary system is simple: If you are an Active-Duty, Reserve, National Guard, retired member, or a military family member, you have access to more than 246 commissaries worldwide. They give military members and their families affordability and accessibility to health foods. Senator I
NHOFE spoke earlier about where these commissaries are. Some are located in our country, and some in remote areas, and over 40 percent are either in remote areas or overseas. Last year Senator I
NHOFE and I stood up for military family benefits to stop privatization. Congress adopted our amendment, but in doing so required a DOD study assessing privatization, which would affect commissaries. We needed to understand how privatization would affect levels of savings, quality of goods, and impact on families. DOD finally gave us the report on June 6, 2016. So they dropped the report on D- day. And guess what. It reaffirms what Senator I
NHOFE and I have been saying: We should not privatize commissaries without additional study. The report is simple and straightforward: We should not proceed with the privatization or a pilot on privatization until further study. First, DOD has demonstrated that privatization cannot replicate the sav-ings the current commissary system provides. Second, privatization signifi-cantly reduces the benefits available to commissary patrons. And privatization would dramatically reduce the work-force, which is where so many military families work. The DOD cannot move 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.006 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3493 June 7, 2016 
forward with privatization with a large number of unknowns. We must honor the DOD request and fully evaluate the implications of pri-vatization before we make drastic changes that hurt our military fami-lies. That is why everyone should sup-port the Inhofe-Mikulski amendment. Our amendment is straightforward. It strikes bill language authorizing a pilot program privatizing com-missaries. It is supported by 41 organi-zations—the American Logistics, the National Guard Association, the Na-tional Military Family Association. Privatizing commissaries is penny wise and pound foolish. If we care about the health of our troops, we must reject this. I have been to the commissaries in Maryland. Go to the one at Fort Meade. Fort Meade is a tremendous place. We might not deploy troops the way Fort Bragg or Camp LeJeune does, but what we do there is phenomenal. There are 58,000 people who work at Fort Meade. We are in the heart of Maryland, which has such a strong military presence, both Army and Navy. If you came to the commissary with me, you would see it as a nutri-tional settlement house. You would really like it because you see people there, first of all, of all ranks and ages mingling together. You might see a young woman who is married to an en-listed member of the military, and she is learning a lot about food and nutri-tion. She is getting advice, and she is getting direction, in addition to saving money. Also, if you go there, you would see oldtimers, who—although they are counting their pennies, they are counting their blessings that they have this commissary to be able to go to. When I say a settlement house, it is a gathering to learn about food, about nutrition, about a lot of things. It often offers healthier food at cheaper prices. When I talked with our garrison com-mander about something he and I worked on together called the Healthy Base Initiative, he said that what we were doing there was so phenomenal. We worked to bring in things like salad bars and some of the more modern kinds of things. This was just phe-nomenal. So, first, we need commissaries. Sec-ond, if we are looking at how to make the budget neutral, and I don’t argue with that point, the DOD study itself says we need to explore two things: other ways of achieving budget neu-trality—and they had some sugges-tions—and also explore with the pri-vate sector who would be interested in privatization whether it would result in cost savings without costing the benefits, meaning what is really sold there in nutrition. There are a lot of new and wonderful ideas. My father ran a small grocery store. He would be amazed at what grocery stores are now. But things like going to private label-ing, better management—the DOD has some other toolkits to do before we go off on this approach to privatizing without analyzing. So I am for ana-lyzing and then looking at the next step. The report this year just arrived. I know the authorizing committee didn’t have the benefit of it. So I hope we will stick with Senator I
NHOFE and me, re-ject this amendment, look out for our troops, and let’s explore other ways to achieve budget neutrality, but let’s not just arbitrarily single out this earned benefit for cost savings. Mr. President, the chair of the Armed Services Committee looks like he is eager to speak, but I also want to say that I support the Durbin amendment we will be voting on later on this after-noon. I am a strong supporter of DOD’s Congressionally Directed Medical Re-search Program. I was very concerned about the bill language. I understand the need for regulation but not stran-gulation. What is proposed in this bill would be so onerous, I am worried it would stop this research altogether. We can’t let that happen, and Senator D
URBIN ’s amendment would ensure that this program is allowed to con-tinue its lifesaving discoveries. This congressionally mandated research has done so much good in so many areas, and we have large numbers of groups— from the Breast Cancer Coalition to the disabled veterans themselves—who support the Durbin amendment. I have been supporting this program for more than 25 years. It all started in 1992 when the breast cancer community was looking to create a new research program. And by the way, the breast cancer advocates were just as orga-nized, mobilized, and galvanized back then as they are today. The advocates knew that DOD ran the largest health system in the country and envisioned a new research program that was peer-re-viewed and included input from not just scientists but also advocates. This was a new concept at the time that the needs of a community affected by dis-ease would be considered when deter-mining research priorities. So we started with breast cancer in 1992 and quickly expanded to look at other illnesses and conditions. Since 1992, Congress has provided more than $11.7 billion to fund more than 13,000 research grants. Today DOD’s medical research program studies prostate can-cer, ALS, traumatic brain injury, mul-tiple sclerosis, lung cancer, ovarian cancer, autism, amputation research, and many others. And I am so proud that research is conducted at Fort Detrick in Maryland, Johns Hopkins, and the University of Maryland. Almost immediately, Congress’s in-vestment in DOD’s medical research program paid off—and with dividends. Breast cancer research led to the devel-opment of Herceptin, a standard care for the treatment of breast cancer. Lung cancer research led to creation of the first lung cancer bio-specimen re-pository with clinical and outcome data available to all researchers study-ing lung cancer. Traumatic brain in-jury research led to the development of two FDA-cleared devices to screen for and identify TBI in military members. Amputee care research led to the de-velopment of amputee trauma trainer, a device which replicates blast injuries from IEDs in war zones. It trains physi-cians to better respond to war injuries. Some of the DOD’s regenerative med-ical breakthroughs are so astonishing you would think you were reading science fiction. The Department’s med-ical program supported the first ever double hand transplantation on a com-bat-wounded warrior. Wow—so proud that this ground-breaking procedure was developed and performed at Johns Hopkins. This is just a snapshot. The list of successes are as long as they are inspiring. For years, opponents of DOD’s med-ical research program have argued against this program. They say, ‘‘Oh, this research is duplicative. Oh, this re-search should only benefit active mili-tary.’’ Well, I say ‘‘no’’ to both argu-ments. First, DOD’s research is complemen-tary to NIH’s research but is not dupli-cative or redundant. In fact, the De-partment’s research grants are peer-re-viewed by doctors, scientists, advo-cates, and Federal agencies to ensure there is not duplication in efforts. The Institute of Medicine has reviewed DOD’s program and found it to be effi-cient and effective. Second, we know the diseases studied by DOD affect both active military and their families. Imagine if we refused to allow DOD to study breast cancer in 1992 simply because there were fewer woman serving? We wouldn’t have the advances that we do today saving lives and improving lives. Taking care of military families is an essential part of our promise to our men and women in uniform. We have an opportunity to block this misguided language in the underlying bill that would have terrible con-sequences for medical research. The discoveries and treatments speak for themselves. I urge my colleagues to support Senator D
URBIN ’s amendment. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4204 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, we will probably discuss this some more—this issue of the privatization—later on be-fore we actually vote on the amend-ment, but this is a classic example of a distortion of an issue which could save the taxpayers $1 billion that we sub-sidize the commissary system. It is not privatizing, I say to the Senator from Maryland; it is a pilot program of five—count them, five—military bases. There are companies and providers of food and services that are ready to try to establish on bases. We are not tak-ing away a single commissary. We are not closing a single one—not one. But what we are trying to do is—if you want to have a hamburger at Burger 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.032 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3494 June 7, 2016 
King or McDonald’s or Dunkin’ Donuts or use UPS, you can go on a military base and they will provide you that service. The government doesn’t do it. They don’t make hamburgers. They don’t carry mail. All of a sudden, now we have to have more studies. The real study would be a pilot program which proves successful. By the way, if you ask the men and women who are in the military ‘‘Would you like to shop at Walmart or Safeway or one of these others if it is convenient?’’ do you know what the answer is? ‘‘Of course. Yes.’’ Because there is more variety and there are lower prices. Does my colleague, the Senator from Maryland, know that we are spending over $1 billion of taxpayer money on these commissaries every year, when we could probably do it for nothing or even charge these groups or commer-cial enterprises that would like to come, in a pilot program, to a military base? This is crazy. Fort Belvoir Com-missary right here, the highest grossing store in the system, loses 10 cents on every dollar of goods it pro-duces and sells, and guess who covers those losses. The taxpayers of America. It is not an attempt to take away the commissary benefits; it is an attempt to see if the men and women in the military and all their dependents around the bases might get a better product at a lower price. That is what five—count them, five—privatizations are attempting to try. Yesterday, we received the Depart-ment of Defense report on its plan to modernize the commissary and ex-change systems. In that report, DOD stated that private sector entities are ‘‘willing to engage in a pilot program.’’ DOD has told us that at least three major private sector entities are inter-ested in testing commissary privatiza-tion. This has led DOD to publish a re-quest for information to industry to give feedback on how a privatization pilot program could work. So why would my colleague support an amend-ment that would delay what needs to be done? This is really all about an outfit called the grocery brokers. That indus-try has been working overtime to stop this pilot program because if it is suc-cessful, privatization would destroy their successful business model because they wouldn’t have to use the grocery brokers. That is what this is all about, my friends. So rather than paying over $1 billion a year to be in the grocery business, privatization might provide—I am not saying it will, but it might provide the Department of Defense with an alter-native method of giving the men and women in the military and our retirees high-quality grocery products, higher levels of customer satisfaction, and discount savings, while reducing the fi-nancial burden on taxpayers. We need to have a pilot program for sure. Five pilot programs is not the end of civilization as we know it. It is not a burden on the men and women who are serving. I have talked to hundreds of men and women who are serving. I said ‘‘How would you like to have Safeway on the base? How would you like to have Walmart?’’ and they said ‘‘Gee, I would really like that’’ because they get a wider and diverse selection from which to choose—not to mention, al-though it doesn’t seem to matter around here, it might save $1 billion for the taxpayers. But what is $1 billion? We are going to spend a couple billion dollars just on medical research— which the Senator from Maryland obvi-ously is in favor of—calling it in the name of defense, when it absolutely should be funded by other branches of the Appropriations Committee, rather than the Willie Sutton syndrome and taking it out of defense. All I can say to the Senator from Maryland is that all we are talking about is giving it a try in five places. Let’s not go to general quarters about an attempt to see if we can save the taxpayers $1 billion a year. We are not going to close any commissaries in any remote bases. We are not doing any-thing but a five-base pilot program. That is all there is to this amendment, and to portray it as anything else is a distortion of exactly what the legisla-tion has clearly stated its intent to be. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, de-spite what was just said, I am not in the pocket of something called grocery brokers. I am not here showing for something called grocery brokers. I am here to stand up for military and mili-tary families. I want the record to show that. I don’t even know what gro-cery brokers are. I know what a gro-cery store is because my father ran one, I worked in one and learned a lot from the kind of values my father ran his business on. Let’s talk about the DOD-mandated report that we did last year when we discussed this. The report acknowl-edges that privatization would not be able to replicate the range of benefits, the level of savings, and the geographic reach provided by the commissaries while achieving budget neutrality. DOD is continuing its due diligence on privatization. It is still assessing the privatization of all or portions of the commissary system. What I worry about is cherry-pick-ing. ‘‘Oh, we are going to privatize.’’ They are going to do it in the lucrative markets, in the Baltimore-Washington corridor, but right now our com-missaries, owned by the United States of America for the troops defending the United States of America, are required to operate where the servicemembers are, even when it would not be eco-nomically beneficial from a commer-cial standpoint. Go ahead with this pri-vatization myth, fantasy, or delusion that they are not going to cherry-pick. More than two-thirds of the com-missaries serve military populations living in locations that are not profit-able for private sector grocers. These commissaries are made possible by the appropriated funds subsidy and by op-erating efficiencies and volumes of the large statewide stores. It is not only taxpayers they are subsidizing. Over 40 percent of commissaries’ appropriated budget provide commissary services overseas and in remote locations. Do you think they are going to be part of privatization? They are going take what they want, where they can make money, and then these others are going to be defunded because, yes, you might talk about what the taxpayers sub-sidize, but at large, more profitable commissaries are also a cross-subsidy to those that are in the more remote areas or overseas. Commissaries provide a benefit to servicemembers in the form of savings, proximity, and consistency that in some ways the commercial grocery sec-tor, which must operate for profit, might find difficult to sustain. Business is business. We know how the defense contractor game works. We know how the contractors are. They go where they can make money. That doesn’t necessarily mean they go where they serve the Nation. I have great re-spect for our defense contractors. Many of them are either headquartered in Maryland or serve Maryland, but let’s face it, their business is to make money, not necessarily to serve the troops. If they can make money serv-ing the troops, they will make money and want to have stores where they can make money. That doesn’t deal with the remote area. Let’s hear it from our Alaskan people, let’s hear it from the overseas people, and so on. All I am saying is, while we continue on the path to explore either complete budget neutrality or to achieve budget neutrality, the Department of Defense says it needs more analysis on what it can do with itself and what the private sector is talking about. There are three major private sector companies that have expressed inter-est. I would want to know, are they going to cherry-pick or are they going to be like Little Jack Horner waiting to get their hands on a plum? I am for the whole fruit stand, and I want it at the commissaries. This has been a good exchange, and I respect my colleague from Arizona in the way he has stood up for defense. I know he wants to serve the troops as well. So let’s see where the votes go, and we look forward to advancing the cause of the national security for our Nation. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Maryland. I always enjoy spirited discussion with her. She is a wonderful public servant, and I am going to miss her in this institution be-cause she has an honorable record of outstanding service, and I always enjoy doing combat. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.033 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3495 June 7, 2016 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
HEAR ACT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, earlier today, the Senate Judiciary Sub-committee on the Constitution con-vened a hearing on a piece of legisla-tion I introduced with several of my colleagues called the Holocaust Expro-priated Art Recovery Act, or the HEAR Act. This bill is long overdue, and like most pieces of good legislation, it is pretty straightforward. During the Holocaust, Nazis regu-larly confiscated private property, in-cluding artwork, adding one more of-fense to their devastating reign. Today, the day after the anniversary of D-day and decades after World War II ended, there are still families who haven’t been able to get their stolen artwork or family heirlooms back. The HEAR Act will support these vic-tims by giving them a chance to have their claims decided on the merits in a court of law and hopefully facilitate the return of artwork stolen by Nazis to their rightful owners. That is why we called the hearing ‘‘Reuniting Vic-tims with Their Lost Heritage.’’ It is true that Hitler’s final solution in World War II was not just the extermi-nation of the Jewish people but erasing their culture. This was part of the overall plan in Hitler’s final solution. This legislation will help those who had vital pieces of their family and cul-tural heritage stolen to find justice. This legislation is also consistent with our country’s diplomatic efforts and longstanding congressional policy. I am grateful to my colleague from Texas, Senator C
RUZ, as well as the senior Senator from New York, Mr. S
CHUMER , and Connecticut, Senator B
LUMENTHAL , for joining me in intro-ducing this bipartisan piece of legisla-tion. I hope the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee will mark this up soon and the full Chamber will consider it soon. Mr. President, separately, as we con-tinue our work on the Defense author-ization bill, I want to talk for a mo-ment about how important that is. Yesterday I spent some time talking about the threats not only to our troops overseas who are in harm’s way but threats that those of us here at home are experiencing as a result of a more diversified array of threats than we have ever seen in the last 50 years. I say ‘‘50 years’’ because the Director of National Intelligence, James Clap-per, has served in the intelligence com-munity for 50 years, and that is what he said—we have a more diverse array of threats today than he has seen in his whole 50-year career. That includes here at home because it is not just peo-ple traveling from the Middle East to the United States or people coming from the United States over to the Middle East training and then coming back. It is also about homegrown ter-rorists—people who are inspired by the use of social media and instructed to take up arms where they are and kill innocent people in the United States and, unfortunately, as we have seen in Europe as well. As we think about the legacy of this President and his administration when it comes to foreign policy, I am re-minded of the comments by former President Jimmy Carter, a Democrat, commenting on another Democratic President’s foreign policy. When he was asked, he candidly admitted and said: I can’t think of a single place in the world where the United States is better off or held in higher esteem than it was before this administration. He called the impact of President Obama’s for-eign policy minimal. I would suggest that is awfully generous, if you look around the world, the threats of a nu-clear-armed North Korea, which has intercontinental ballistic missiles it has tested in creating an unstable envi-ronment there with our ally and friend to the south, South Korea, if you look at what is happening in Europe as the newly emboldened Putin has invaded Crimea and Ukraine with very little consequences associated with it. I have said it before and I will say it again, weakness is a provocation. Weakness is a provocation to the world’s bullies, thugs, and tyrants, and that is what we see in spades. In the Middle East, President Obama talked about a red line in Syria when chemical weapons were used, but then when Bashar al-Assad saw that there was no real followthrough on that, it was a hollow threat and indeed he just kept coming, barrel-bombing innocent civilians in a civil war which has now taken perhaps 400,000 lives. Then, we have seen it in the South China Sea, where China, newly emboldened, is lit-erally building islands in the middle of the South China Sea—one of the most important sealanes to international commerce and trade in Asia. I will quote on North Korea again. Former Secretary of Defense Leon Pa-netta said: ‘‘We’re within an inch of war almost every day in that part of the world,’’ talking about Asia, with the threat of China in the South China Sea, North Korea. As far as North Ko-rean aggression is concerned, this ad-ministration has basically done noth-ing to counter that aggression. Under the President’s watch, this re-gime has grown even more hostile and more dangerous because it is so unsta-ble. In fact, when she was Secretary of State, Secretary Clinton testified in her confirmation hearing that her goal was ‘‘to end the North Korean nuclear program.’’ That is what Secretary Clin-ton said. Her goal was to end the North Korean nuclear program. She even promised to embark upon a very ag-gressive effort to that effect. We know what happened. Instead, she adopted what was later euphemistically called strategic pa-tience. That is just another way of say-ing doing nothing. In other words, this more laid-back approach is simply lost on tyrants like we see in North Korea, and it certainly didn’t punish the North Korean leadership for its hos-tilities. We can’t continue down the reckless path of ignoring challenges around the world or retreating where people are looking for American leadership. That is why it is so critical that we dem-onstrate our commitment to our men and women in uniform by passing this important Defense authorization bill this week. We have an all-volunteer military, and that is a good thing. We have many patriots who join the military, train, and then are deployed all around the world, as directed by the Commander in Chief, but the idea that we would not follow through on our commitment to make sure they have the resources they need is simply unthinkable. I hope we will continue to make progress on the Defense authorization bill and make sure we provide the re-sources, equipment, and authorization they need in order to defend our coun-try. Let’s get the NDAA, the Defense authorization bill, done this week. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Arizona. 
SYRIA  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, while we are waiting for others to speak on the floor, I think it is important to take a moment to talk about the lead edi-torial in this morning’s Washington Post, which describes the events tran-spiring in Syria, as we speak. The lead editorial says: 
Empty words, empty stomachs. Syrian children continue to face starvation as an-other Obama administration promise falls by the wayside. 
This is a devastating and true story. 
It’s been nearly six months since the U.N. Security Council passed a resolution de-manding an end to the bombing and shelling of civilian areas in Syria and calling for im-mediate humanitarian access to besieged areas. It’s been four months since Secretary of State John F. Kerry described the sieges as a ‘‘catastrophe’’ of a dimension unseen since World War II and said that ‘‘all parties of the conflict have a duty to facilitate hu-manitarian access to Syrians in desperate need.’’ 
Those were the words of Secretary of State John Kerry back in February. The editorial continues: 
By Monday, there still had been no food de-liveries to Darayya in the Damascus sub-urbs, the al-Waer district of Homs or several of the other 19 besieged areas, with a popu-lation of more than 500,000, identified by the United Nations. Nor had there been airdrops. None have been organized, and U.N. officials say none are likely in the coming days. An-other deadline has been blown, another red line crossed—and children in the besieged towns are still starving. 
This is heartbreaking. It is heart-breaking. It is heartbreaking. Children in besieged towns are still starving. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.034 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3496 June 7, 2016 
The editorial continues: 
Over the weekend, Russian and Syrian planes— 
Our allies, the Russians— 
heavily bombed civilian areas in rebel-held areas of Aleppo and Idlib. The Syrian Observ-atory for Human Rights said 500 civilians, in-cluding 105 children, had been killed in 45 consecutive days of bombing in Aleppo. The ‘‘cessation of hostilities’’ negotiated by Mr. Kerry in February, which was never fully ob-served by Russia and Syria, has been shred-ded. And the Obama administration’s response? It is still waiting patiently for the regime of Bashar al-Assad to stop dropping barrel bombs from helicopters on hospitals and allow passage to aid convoys. It is still ask-ing politely for Russia to stop bombing West-ern-backed rebel units and to compel the Assad regime to follow suit. ‘‘We expect the regime to live up to its commitments,’’ said a State Department statement Monday. ‘‘We ask Russia to use its influence to end this in-humane policy.’’ As for airdrops, ‘‘that’s a very complex question,’’ said a spokes-woman. The promise of air delivery, it turns out, was entirely rhetorical. On May 26, two sen-ior U.N. officials publicly warned that a U.N. air bridge could not be established without permission from the Assad regime—the same regime that was blocking food deliveries by land. They called on the United States and Russia to ‘‘find a way’’ to begin the oper-ation. But neither the United States nor Britain, the original proponent of the air-drops, acted to make an operation possible. Instead, they issued appeals to the Russian government—the same government that is systematically bombing civilian neighbor-hoods of Aleppo and Idlib. The British ambassador to the United Na-tions hinted on Friday that if the Assad re-gime kept preventing land and air raid deliv-eries, his government ‘‘will consider other actions.’’ The French ambassador to the United Nations said ‘‘the Syrian regime is continuing to systematically starve hun-dreds of thousands of civilians. These are war crimes . . . There is a strong momentum here in the Security Council . . . to say ‘enough is enough.’’’ Strong words. Those are a Kerry specialty, too. People in the besieged towns are ‘‘eating leaves and grass or animals of one kind or another that they can manage to capture,’’ Mr. Kerry declared. Humanitarian access, he said, ‘‘has to happen not a week from now . . . it ought to happen in the first days.’’ That was on February 2. 
On February 2, the Secretary of State declared humanitarian access where 500,000 people were starving. On February 2, he said that the humani-tarian access ‘‘has to happen not a week from now . . . it ought to happen in the first days.’’ It is shocking and disgraceful. We should all be ashamed. By the way, the people who we are training to fight against ISIS are pro-hibited from fighting against the guy who is barrel-bombing and killing these thousands of men, women, and children—Bashar al-Assad. It is insan-ity. History will judge this administra-tion and its actions not only with anger but with embarrassment. This is a shameful chapter in American his-tory. I note the presence of the Senator from Illinois. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, is there an order of business that has been agreed to by unanimous consent? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time until 4 p.m. is equally divided. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I find it hard to understand why anyone would want to eliminate funding for mili-tarily relevant defense medical re-search—research that offers families hope and improves and saves lives—es-pecially now. When you look at the body of medical research across all Federal agencies, we are getting closer to finding cures for certain cancers, closer than ever to understanding how to delay the onset of neurological dis-eases like Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s, closer than ever to developing a uni-versal flu vaccine. Now is the time to be ramping up our investment in med-ical research, not scaling it back. Yet, there are two provisions in this De-fense authorization bill that would ef-fectively end the Department of De-fense medical research program. These two provisions are dangerous. They cut medical research funding, which will cost lives—military lives and civilian lives. That is why I filed a bipartisan amendment, together with Senator COCHRAN , the Republican chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, which will be considered by the Senate this afternoon. My legislation would remove Chair-man M
CCAIN’s provisions so that life-saving research at the Department of Defense can continue. Senator M
CCAIN’s two provisions, found in sec-tions 756 and 898, work hand in hand to end the Department of Defense medical research program. His first provision requires the Sec-retary of Defense to certify that each medical research grant is ‘‘designed to directly promote, enhance, and restore the health and safety of members of the Armed Forces’’—not veterans, not retirees, not spouses of military mem-bers, and not children of military fami-lies. In my view, they are all part of our national defense, and they should all be covered by the DOD health care system and research. Senator M
CCAIN’s second provision, section 898, would require that medical research grant applicants meet the same accounting and pricing standards that the Department requires for pro-curing contracts. This is a dramatic change in the law. It is the imposition of miles of redtape on every medical re-search grant. The regulations that he has subjected them to apply to private companies that sell the Department of Defense goods and services, such as weapon systems and equipment. Among other things, it would require the Defense Contract Audit Agency, or DCAA, to conduct at least one, and probably several, audits on each grant recipient. Do you know what that means? It means there will be 2,433 more audits each year by the Defense Contract Audit Agency. How are they doing with their current workload? They are behind on $43 billion worth of goods and services that is being pro-cured by the Department of Defense, and Senator MCCAINwould send them at least 2,433 more audits next year. Taxpayers deserve to know that their money is well spent. The existing sys-tem does just that. A grant application now is carefully scrutinized, and throughout the 24-year history of this Defense research program, there have only been a handful of instances where serious questions have risen. No grant makes it through this process without first showing clear military relevance. If an applicant fails that test, it is over. If they clear it, they will be sub-ject to a host of criticism and scrutiny by researchers, and then representa-tives from the National Institutes of Health and the Department of Veterans Affairs sit down and measure each grant against existing research. These rules are in place to protect taxpayers’ dollars, and they do. Senator M
CCAINis now seeking to add miles of redtape to a program in the name of protecting it. His provisions go too far. The Coalition for National Security Research, which represents a broad co-alition of research universities and in-stitutes, wrote: ‘‘These sections’’—re-ferring to Chairman M
CCAIN’s sec-tions—‘‘will likely place another ad-ministrative burden on the DOD sci-entific research enterprise and slow the pace of medical innovation.’’ When we asked the Department of Defense to give us their analysis of Chairman M
CCAIN’s provisions, they concluded—after looking at all of the redtape created by Senator M
CCAIN— that these issues would lead to the fail-ure of the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program. That is clear and concise, and, sadly, it is accu-rate. What Senator M
CCAINhas proposed as a new administrative bureaucratic burden on medical research at the De-partment of Defense is not fiscally re-sponsible, it doesn’t protect taxpayers, and it is not in pursuit of small govern-ment by any means. These provisions are simply roadblocks. Let’s talk for a minute about the medical research funded by the Depart-ment of Defense. Since fiscal year 1992, this program has invested $11.7 billion in innovative research. The U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Com-mand determines the appropriate re-search strategy. They looked for re-search gaps, and they want to fund high-risk, high-impact research that other agencies and private investors may be unwilling to fund. In 2004, the Institute of Medicine, an independent organization providing ob-jective analysis of complex health issues, looked at the DOD medical re-search program, and they found that this program ‘‘has shown that it has been an efficiently managed and sci-entifically productive effort.’’ The In-stitute of Medicine went on to say that this program ‘‘concentrates its re-sources on research mechanisms that complement rather than duplicate the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.036 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3497 June 7, 2016 
research approaches of the major funders of medical research in the United States, such as industry and the National Institutes of Health.’’ This has been a dramatically successful pro-gram. I would like to point to a couple of things that need to be noted in the R
ECORD when it comes to the success of this program. This morning Senator M
CCAINraised a question about fund-ing programs that relate to epilepsy and seizures when it comes to the De-partment of Defense medical research program. In a recent video produced by the Citizens United for Research in Epilepsy, they share heartbreaking sto-ries of veterans suffering from post- traumatic epilepsy and the recovery challenges they face. They shared the story of retired LCpl Scott Kruchten. His team of five marines, during a rou-tine patrol, drove over an IED. He was the only survivor. He suffered severe brain injury. Lance Corporal Kruchten suffered a seizure inside the helicopter while they were transporting him to Baghdad for surgery. He has been on medication ever since. In fact, seizures set back all of the other rehabilitation programs that injured veterans partici-pate in and greatly slow their recovery. Since the year 2000, over 300,000 Ac-tive-Duty military servicemembers have experienced an incident of trau-matic brain injury. Many of them are at risk of developing epilepsy. Post- traumatic epilepsy comprises about 20 percent of all symptomatic epilepsy. According to the American Epilepsy Society, over 50 percent of traumatic brain injury victims with penetrating head injury from Korea and Vietnam developed post-traumatic epilepsy. The research we are talking about is rel-evant to the military. It is relevant to hundreds of thousands who have faced traumatic brain injury. I don’t know why Chairman M
CCAIN pointed that out this morning as an example of re-search that is unnecessary to the De-partment of Defense. It is clearly nec-essary for the men and women who serve our country. Let me say a word about breast can-cer too. In 2009, after serving the Air Force for over 25 years, SMSgt Sheila Johnson Glover was diagnosed with ad-vanced stage IV breast cancer which had spread to her liver and ribs. She said breast cancer cut her military ca-reer short. She was treated with Herceptin, a drug developed with early support from the Department of De-fense medical research funding. Ac-cording to Sheila, ‘‘It is a full circle with me, giving 25 years of service in the DOD and the Department of De-fense giving me back my life as a breast cancer patient.’’ Sheila is not alone; 1 out of every 8 women is at risk of developing breast cancer in her lifetime and 175,000 women are expected to be diagnosed with the disease each year. With more than 1.4 million Active-Duty females and female spouses under the Federal military health system, breast cancer research is directly related to our mili-tary and our military community. Breast cancer research started this medical research program in the De-partment of Defense. It was given a mere $46 million at the start. Over the span of the life of medical research pro-grams at the Department of Defense, a little over $11 billion has been spent. Almost one-third of it has gone to breast cancer research, and they have come up with dramatic, positive re-sults, such as the development of this drug Herceptin. The point I am getting to is this. If you believe the military consists of more than just the man or woman in a uniform but consists of their families and those who have served and who are now veterans, if you believe their med-ical outcomes are critically important to the future of our military, then you can understand why medical research programs such as this one, which would be virtually eliminated by Chairman MCCAIN’s language, is so important for the future strength of our men and women in uniform and the people who support them. Let me tell you about a constituent who wrote me last month. This photo shows Linda and Al Hallgren. Al is a U.S. veteran, survivor of bladder can-cer. Linda wrote to me and said: 
When my husband was originally diagnosed in 2013, our only options were bladder re-moval followed by chemotherapy. Prognosis based on his cancer was months to a year or so. There were so many questions that came to mind, primarily around, ‘‘How did I get this?’’ 
But as she pointed out to me, Al is a fighter, a survivor. Two years later, here they are, the two of them, enjoy-ing a ride on a motorcycle. When she passed along this photo, here is what she said: ‘‘We continue to fight the battle and take moments out to enjoy life to the fullest one day at a time.’’ She noted in her letter that there are many risks with bladder cancer associ-ated with military service. Smoking is the leading cause. The incidence of smoking among our military members is entirely too high. The Institute of Medicine also took a look at the use of Agent Blue from 1961 to 1971 in the Vietnam war and its link-age to bladder cancer. It is the fourth most commonly diagnosed cancer among veterans but only the 27th high-est recipient of Federal research. So the story of this family and what they have been through raises an important question. Do we have an obligation to this individual who served our country, served it honorably, came home and suffered a serious medical illness? Do we have an obligation, through medical research, to try to find ways to make his life better, to make sure we spare him the pain that is associated with many of the things that are linked to his service in our military? Of course, we do. So why do we go along with this language that the chairman put in his authorization bill to eliminate these medical research programs? I mentioned earlier the advance-ments that were made in breast cancer research. In 1993, the Department of Defense awarded Dr. Dennis Slamon two grants totaling $1.7 million for a tumor tissue bank to study breast can-cer. He began his work several years earlier with funding from the National Cancer Institute, but researchers still lacked the regular source of breast tis-sue from women. That is when the DOD funding made a difference. Dr. Slamon’s DOD-funded work helped to develop Herceptin, which I mentioned earlier. At lunch just a few minutes ago, we heard from Senator BARBARA MIKULSKI . She told about the lonely battle which she fought for years for women to get medical research. Sadly, the National Institutes of Health and other places were doing research only on men. Thank goodness Senator M
IKULSKI and others spoke up. They spoke up and NIH started changing its protocols. Then they went to the Department of Defense and said: We want you to focus on breast cancer, if you will, for the emerging role of women in our mili-tary, and they did with dramatic re-sults. Now comes a suggestion from Chairman M
CCAINthat we are to put an end to this research. We should bur-den it with more redtape. I don’t think it makes sense. It certainly doesn’t make sense for the men and women serving in the military and the spouses of the men who serve in the military who certainly understand the impor-tance of this research. DOD-funded research developed a neurocognitive test for diagnosing Par-kinson’s disease. The Department of Defense research also identified addi-tional genetic risk factors for devel-oping the disease, including two rare variants that we now know connect the risk for Parkinson’s with traumatic in-jury to the head. What we find when we look at the list of research, such as Parkinson’s disease, and question why that has any application to the mili-tary, it is that they knew there was an application, they knew there was a connection, and it was worth seeking. Here is the bottom line. People have lived longer and more productive lives because of DOD-funded medical re-search, and we have an opportunity to help even more people if my amend-ment passes and we defeat the lan-guage that is in this Defense authoriza-tion bill. Sixty-three Senators from 41 States, both sides of the aisle, requested in-creases in medical research for our next fiscal year. We can’t earmark where that research is going to take place—that goes through a professional process—but you can certainly point out to the Department of Defense areas where they might have some interest, and they make the final decision. If the McCain provisions become law, they put an end to research programs requested by a supermajority of the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.037 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3498 June 7, 2016 
Mr. President, how much time have I used and how much time currently re-mains? The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). There is 221⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. DURBIN. I will yield the floor at this point to see if others are seeking recognition. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, how much time is remaining for our side? The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 30 minutes remaining for the majority. Mr. GRAHAM. If it is OK with the Senator, I will make a few comments. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina is recognized. Mr. GRAHAM. No. 1, when it comes to Senator D
URBIN , there is no stronger voice for medical research in the Sen-ate and he should be proud of that. Senator D
URBIN and I are cochairing the NIH caucus, the National Insti-tutes of Health, to make sure we take the crown jewel of our research at the Federal level and adequately fund it, to try to make it more robust, and in times of budget cuts, sequestration across the board, I want to compliment Senator B
LUNT and Senator D URBIN and others for trying to find a way to in-crease NIH funding. I think we will be successful, and a lot of credit will go to Senator D
URBIN . As to the military budget, we are on course to have the smallest Army since 1940. We are on course to have the smallest Navy since 1915 and the small-est Air Force in modern times. Mod-ernization programs are very much stuck in neutral. The wars continue, and they are expanding. By 2021, if we go back into a sequestration mode, we will be spending half of normally what we spend on defense in terms of GDP. So to those who want to reform the military, count me in. This will be one of the most reform-minded packages in the history of the Department of De-fense. We are trying to address the top- heavy nature of the military, where general officer billets have exploded, and make sure we have a leaner mili-tary at the top and put our emphasis on those out in the field fighting the war. We are dealing with the explosion of contractors. We are looking at our medical delivery systems anew. It has all been bipartisan. Senator R
EED de-serves a lot of credit with his Demo-cratic colleagues to find ways to re-form the military, not only to save money but to improve the quality of life of those in the military. There is an obligation on all of us who are considered defense hawks to make sure the military works more ef-ficiently. This bill drives contracting away from cost-plus to fixed price. We see a lot of overruns in terms of big- ticket items—billions of dollars over what was projected in terms of costs of the F–35 and aircraft carriers. One of the ways to change that problem is to have the contractor have skin in the game by having a fixed price rather than cost-plus contracting. I want to compliment Senators MCCAINand R EED for looking at the way the military is being run and try-ing to make it more efficient, under-standing that reform is necessary. Having said that, 50 percent of the military’s budget, for the most part, goes into personnel, and I believe we need more people in the Army, not less. So we can reform the military to save money, and we should. We can bring better business practices to the table, and we should. We can modernize the way we deliver health care to get out-comes rather than just spending money, and we should. We can look at every part of the military and put it under a microscope and make it more efficient and make sure it is serving the defense needs of the country. Having said that, given the number of ships we are headed toward, 278— 420,000 people in the Army—we need more people to defend this Nation, and we have an obligation to the people de-fending the Nation to give them the best equipment and take care of their families. I am not looking for a fair fight. I want to rebuild the military and make sure our military has the weapons systems that would deter war, and if you had to go to war, to win it as quickly as possible. That gets us to medical research. There is about $1 billion spent on med-ical research within the Department of Defense. What we are suggesting is that we look at this account anew. What the committee has decided to do—Senator M
CCAIN—is to say the Sec-retary of Defense has to certify that the money in the medical research budget in the Department of Defense is actually related to the defense world. There are a lot of good things being done in the Department of Defense in terms of medical research, but the question for us is, in that $1 billion, how much of it actually applies to the military itself because every dollar we spend out of DOD’s budget for things not related to defense hurts our ability to defend the Nation. It is not a slam on the things they are doing. I am sure they are all worth-while. The question is, Should that be done somewhere else and should it come out of a different pot of money? So the two measures we are pro-posing—to continue medical research in the future, the Secretary of Defense would have to certify that the medical research program in question is related to the Department of Defense’s needs, and there is a pretty broad application of what ‘‘need’’ is—traumatic brain in-jury and all kinds of issues related to veterans. Of the $1 billion, using the criteria I have just suggested where there is a certification, some of the money will stay in the Department of Defense, but some of it will not because if we look at that $1 billion, a lot of it is not connected to what we do to de-fend the Nation. The second requirement is that if they are going to get research dollars, they have to go through the same proc-ess as any other contractor to get money from the Department of De-fense. That means they are in the same boat as anybody else who deals with the Department of Defense. If that is a redtape burden, then everybody who deals with the Department of Defense will share that burden. So rather than just writing a check to somebody, there is a process to apply for the money and the contracting rules will apply. These are the two changes—a certification that the money being spent on medical research benefits the military, the Department of Defense, and in order to get that money one has to go through the normal contracting procedures to make sure there is com-petition and all the i’s are dotted and t’s are crossed. I think that makes sense. I think some of the money we are spending under the guise of military Department of Defense research has nothing to do with the Department of Defense, and we need every dollar we can find to defend the Nation. Many of these programs are very worthwhile, I am sure, and I would be willing to con-tinue them somewhere else. I am sup-porting a dramatic increase in NIH funding. I am very much for research, but if we are going to bring about change in Washington, and if people like me who want a stronger military are going to advocate for a bigger mili-tary, I think we have an obligation to have a smarter, more reformed system. I am not trying to have it both ways. I am looking at how the Pentagon works at every level, along with Sen-ator M
CCAIN, and we are bringing structural changes that are long over-due. I want to compliment Senator R
EED, who has been a great partner to Sen-ator M
CCAIN. We don’t always agree, but I think Senator R
EEDhas bought into the idea that the Pentagon is not immune from being reformed and the status quo has to change. So with all due respect to Senator D
URBIN , I think the provisions Senator M
CCAINhas crafted make sense to me. To get research dollars in the future, the Secretary of Defense has to certify that the money in question helps the Department of Defense, and if one is going to bid for the business, they must go through the normal con-tracting process to make sure it is done right. Those are the only two changes. Those programs that will be knocked out of the Department of Defense, I am certainly willing to keep them funded somewhere else. I think that is a long- overdue reform. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I would like to respond to my friend from South Carolina. We are friends. We have worked on a lot of things to-gether. I hope we will continue to do so in the future. We clearly see this issue differently today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.038 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3499 June 7, 2016 
Two-tenths of 1 percent of the De-partment of Defense appropriations will go for medical research—about $1 billion in a budget of $524 billion. It is not an outrageous amount. We are not funding medical research at the ex-pense of being able to defend America. Hardly anyone would argue that, but a small percentage would. I can make an argument—and I have tried effectively here—that when it comes to the med-ical research that is being done through the Department of Defense, it is extraordinary. We have achieved so much for a mini-mal investment in so many different areas. I could go through the list—and I will—of those areas of research that have made such a big difference. I also want to say that there are 149 univer-sities, veterans organizations, and medical advocacy groups that support the amendment that I offered today. The reason they support it is that what has been suggested—that this is not just another procedural requirement being placed in front of these institu-tions that want to do medical re-search—really understates the impact it will have. The Department of Defense itself, after analyzing the McCain language that comes to us on this bill, said it will create a burden, a delay, addi-tional overhead costs. The one thing we have not heard from Chairman M
CCAINor anyone on his side of the issue is what is the reason for this? Why are we changing a process that has been used for 24 years? Has there been evidence of scandal, of waste, of abuse? Out of the thousands and thousands of research grants that have been given, only a handful have raised ques-tions, and very few of those go to the integrity of the process. It has been a question about the medical procedure that was used. If we are going to im-pose new bureaucracies, new redtape, new requirements, new audits, why are we doing it? If there is a need for it, I will stand up with everyone here and protect the taxpayers’ dollars. But that is not really what is at stake here. This morning on the floor, Chairman M
CCAINmade it clear. He just does not want medical research at the Depart-ment of Defense. He wants it limited strictly to certain areas and not to be expanded to include the families of those serving in our military—our vet-erans—through the Department of De-fense. That is his position. He can hold that position. I certainly disagree with it. If we take an honest look at this, what we have done in creating this new bureaucracy and redtape is simply slow down the process and make it more ex-pensive. For one thing, each one of these universities and each one of these organizations has to go through an an-nual audit—at least one. The agency within the Department of Defense re-sponsible for those audits is currently overwhelmed, before this new McCain requirement comes in for even more audits. So it means the process slows down. Research does not take place in a mat-ter of months; it might be years. Do you want to wait for years in some of these instances? I don’t. I want timely research to come up with answers to questions that can spare people suf-fering and spare expense to the fami-lies as well as to the Department of De-fense. When I go through the long list of things that have been done through these defense research programs, it is amazing how many times they have stepped up and made a serious dif-ference. Let me give you one other illustra-tion. The incidence of blast injuries to the eye has risen dramatically among servicemembers of Iraq and Afghani-stan due to explosive weapons such as IEDs. Current protective eye equip-ment—glasses, goggles, and face shields—are designed to protect mainly against high-velocity projectiles, not blast waves from IEDs. In Iraq and Afghanistan, upward of 13 percent of all injuries were traumatic eye injuries, totaling more than 197,000. One published study covering 2000 to 2010 estimated that deployment-related eye injuries and blindness have cost a total of $25 billion. Notably, eye-in-jured servicemembers have only a 20- percent return-to-duty rate compared to an 80-percent rate for other battle trauma. Since 2009, $49 million in this Depart-ment of Defense medical research pro-gram has gone to research for the pre-vention and treatment of eye injury and disease that result in eye degenera-tion and impairment or loss of vision. From the Afghanistan and Iraq con-flicts, a published study covering 2000 to 2010 estimated that these injuries have cost a total of $25 billion. Eye-in-jured soldiers have only 20-percent re-turn-to-duty rates. Research at Johns Hopkins, where they received grants to study why eye injuries make up such a high percent-age of combat casualty, found that the blast wave causes eye tissue to tear, and protections like goggles can actu-ally trap blast reverberations. Univer-sity of Iowa researchers developed a handheld device to analyze the pupil’s reaction to light as a quick test for eye damage. So you look at it and say: Well, why would we do vision research at the De-partment of Defense? Here is the an-swer: What our men and women in uni-form are facing with these IEDs and the blast reverberations—damage to their eyesight and even blindness— wasn’t being protected with current equipment. Is this worth an investment by the U.S. Government of less than two-tenths of 1 percent of the Depart-ment of Defense budget? I think it is. I think it is critically important that we stand behind this kind of research and not second guess people who are in-volved. We are not wasting money in this re-search; we are investing money in re-search to protect the men and women in uniform and make sure their lives are whole and make sure they are will-ing and able to defend this country when called upon. This idea of Chairman MCCAIN—of eliminating this program with new bu-reaucracy and redtape—is at the ex-pense of military members, their fami-lies, and veterans. We have made a promise to these men and women who enlisted in our military that we will stand by them through the battle and when they come home. That should be a promise we keep when it comes to medical research as well. I retain the remainder of my time. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I want to start by thanking Senator D
URBIN , Senator C
OCHRAN , and all my col-leagues here today for their work to support critical investments in medical research at the Department of Defense. I am proud to stand with them, but frankly, I am also really disappointed that we have to be here. For decades, investments in medical research by the Department of Defense have advanced improvements in the treatment of some of our toughest dis-eases. DOD medical research funding has led to the development of new risk assessment tools that help evaluate the likelihood of breast cancer recurrence, as well as new tests to determine the potential spread of a primary tumor. It has helped advance research that could lead to treatment for the debilitating and, to-date, incurable disease ALS. It is supporting ongoing research into im-provements in cognitive therapy and access to treatment for children with autism. And I could go on. DOD medical research programs have had such an impact on the lives of tens of millions of servicemembers and their families, as well as patients across the country. These programs certainly don’t deserve to be on the chopping block, so it is very con-cerning to me that the defense author-ization bill we are currently debating would severely restrict the scope of DOD research and undermine critical DOD support for research efforts on ev-erything from breast cancer, to MS, to lung cancer, and much more. If you are serving your country and have a child struggling with autism or if you are a veteran with severe hear-ing loss or if you are one of the many patients across the country waiting and hoping for a treatment or cure that hasn’t been discovered yet, I am sure you would want to know that your government is doing everything it can to support research that could make all the difference. I am proud to be supporting the amendment that we are discussing today, which would ensure that groundbreaking, and in some cases life-saving, medical research at the Depart-ment of Defense can continue, and I urge all of my colleagues to join us. Thank you. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, in this promising time, there are no resources too great to contribute to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.040 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3500 June 7, 2016 
groundbreaking medical research. Key discoveries, new technologies and tech-niques, and tremendous leaps in our knowledge and understanding about disease and human health are being made every day. Biomedical research conducted by the Defense Department has been a critical tool in combatting rare dis-eases here in the United States and across the world. Since 1992, the De-partment of Defense’s Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program, CDMRP, has invested billions of dollars in lifesaving research to support our servicemembers and their families, vet-erans, and all Americans. I am proud to have been involved with starting this program, and I have fought year in and year out to support it. As the Senate continues to debate this year’s Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, NDAA, I am concerned that the Sen-ate’s bill includes two harmful provi-sions that would undermine medical re-search in the CDMRP and erode these paths to vital progress, taking hope away from millions of Americans. The CDMRP has long led to advance-ments in the field of medicine. From the development of early-detection techniques for diagnosing cancer and improving ways to restore mobility to patients suffering from Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, ALS, to advancing treatments for traumatic brain injury and progressing the approval of drugs to treat prostate and breast cancer. For more than two decades, this valu-able medical research program has in-vested over $11 billion in the health of our servicemembers and their families and developed techniques to combat various cancers and the many rare and debilitating diseases faced by so many Americans. I was proud to be there from the start of the CDMRP. Those efforts evolved from linking a bill I coauthored in 1992 to create a national network of cancer registries to assist researchers in un-derstanding breast cancer, with an ef-fort led by former Iowa Senator Tom Harkin, myself, and several others, to redirect military funds to breast can-cer research. With the help of the late Pat Barr of the Breast Cancer Network of Vermont and the many others who were the driving force behind national breast cancer networks, the CDMRP received its first appropriations of $210 million for breast cancer research in the 1993 defense budget. Since then, the program has invested $3 billion in breast cancer research, leading to expo-nential nationwide reductions in the incidence of the disease. It was due to these investments that Pat Barr her-self was able to enjoy an active and ful-filling life for decades after her own di-agnosis and was able to spend so many years fiercely fighting for the research that has touched, improved or saved millions of lives. The structure of the CDMRP has al-ways advanced biomedical research for servicemembers and their families, as well as the public at large. It is short-sighted and frustrating that two need-less provisions have been dropped into this year’s NDAA, which would bar the Department of Defense from research-ing the medical needs of military fami-lies and veterans and require grant ap-plications to comply with weapon sys-tem acquisition rules instead of the carefully peer-reviewed applications process from which all good science grows. To redefine the definition of who can benefit from lifesaving treatment and research to cancer and other diseases is misguided and counterproductive. If we are to advance medicine in one popu-lation, these tools should be made available to everyone. If we change the scope of these long fought efforts, we deny researchers the knowledge they need to carry out science that saves lives. It hinders medical progress for our children and grandchildren. Whereas proponents of these provi-sions claim they will bring cost savings in the long term, we all know this is simply not true. Disease does not dis-criminate between servicemember, family member, veteran, or civilian. When it comes to medical research, we shouldn’t either. That is why I am proud to support the bipartisan Durbin amendment to strike these unneces-sary and hindering provisions from the bill, which would needlessly block ac-cess to innovative discoveries in these burgeoning fields of medicine. Biomedical research is a proven tool that brings us closer every day to find-ing cures and expanding treatments for debilitating conditions across the world. We cannot allow this year’s de-fense authorization bill to deny our veterans, the families of our service-members, and other Americans victim-ized by ravaging disease the promise of such groundbreaking medical knowl-edge. I urge all Senators to join me in supporting Senator D
URBIN ’s amend-ment and in defeating any provisions in the bill that threaten the continued success of the CDMRP. We must not lose sight of the progress we have made in the fight against breast cancer and other debilitating conditions. This val-uable medical research program has paved the way for so many, and we must keep it strong for generations to come. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, how much time is remaining on our side? The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 22 minutes. Mr. GRAHAM. I will just take a cou-ple of minutes to keep everybody awake. The history of this program is pretty interesting. In 1992, by mandate, the Congressionally Directed Medical Re-search Program began within the De-partment of Defense with an earmark of $20 million for breast cancer. So, back in 1992, somebody came up with the idea that we should put some money regarding breast cancer re-search into the Department of Defense bill. Everybody I know of wants to defeat breast cancer and fund research at an appropriate level. Why did they do it in the Defense bill? Because the Defense bill was going to pass. It is the one thing around here that we all eventu-ally get done because we have to defend the Nation. So that idea of a $20 mil-lion earmark for breast cancer—fast forward from 1992 to now—is $900-some-thing million of research at the De-partment of Defense. It went from $20 million to $900 million. It has been about $1 billion a year for a very long time. The reason these programs are put in the Department of Defense—some of them are related to the Department of Defense and veterans; many of them are not, and the ones that can make it in this bill are going to get their fund-ing apart from their traditional re-search funding—is that the Depart-ment of Defense will get funded. All we are saying is that, given the budget problems we have as a nation and the constraints on our military due to defense cuts and shrinking budg-ets, now is the time to reevaluate the way we do business. It is not that we are against medical research in the De-fense Department’s budget; we just want it to be related to defense. I know that is a novel idea, but it makes sense to me. All the things that Senator DURBIN  identified as being done in the Depart-ment of Defense—I am sure most of them are very worthy. Let’s just make sure they are funded outside of the De-partment of Defense because the money is being taken away from de-fending the Nation. Taking money out of the Defense Department to do re-search is probably not a smart thing to do now if it is not related to defending the Nation, given the state of the world and the state of the military. So this is business as usual, even if it is just $900 million, which is still a lot of money. I think it is time to relook at the way we fund the Defense Depart-ment and how it runs and try to get it in a spot that is more sustainable. So what have we done? We have said: You can still do research at the Department of Defense, but the Secretary of De-fense has to certify it is related to our defense needs—and a pretty liberal in-terpretation of that. If you are going to do research, you have to go through the normal con-tracting procedures that everybody else has to go through. Those two changes really make sense to me. Here is the point: If you apply the test that it has got to be related to de-fending the Nation in a fairly liberal interpretation, probably two-thirds or three-fourths of this account would not pass that test. So that means there is going to be $600 million or $700 mil-lion—maybe more—that will go to de-fense needs, not research needs. That doesn’t mean that we don’t need to spend the money on research. Most of it we probably do. The person delivering this speech is also the co-chairman of the NIH, which is the part 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.042 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3501 June 7, 2016 
of the government that does medical research. I want to increase that budg-et tremendously because the dividends to the taxpayers and to our overall health are real. I just don’t want to continue to use the Defense Depart-ment as a way to do research unrelated to the defense needs of this country be-cause I don’t think that is the right way to do it. When you are this far in debt and the military is under this much pressure, it is time for change. That is all this is— making a commonsense change to a practice that started at $20 million and is now almost $1 billion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, how much time do we have remaining? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Almost 16 minutes. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, let me respond to my friend from South Caro-lina. I keep giving examples of medical research in this program that relate di-rectly to members of the military and their families and to veterans. All I hear back in return is: Well, we ought to be doing this research someplace else. Why? Don’t we want the research to be done by the Department that has a special responsibility to the men and women in uniform and their families as well as veterans? Let me give you another example that I think really helps to tell this story of research that is jeopardized by the McCain language in this authoriza-tion bill. Joan Gray graduated from West Point in the first class that in-cluded women. She was commissioned in the U.S. Army as a platoon leader, commander, staff officer. After 5 years of service, she sustained a spinal cord injury in a midair collision during a nighttime tactical parachute jump. Joan Gray’s wounds required 12 vertebral fusions. She is now an ambu-latory paraplegic and a member of the Paralyzed Veterans of America. Spinal injuries sustained from trau-ma impact servicemembers deployed overseas and in training. Over 5 per-cent of combat evacuations in Iraq and Afghanistan were for spinal trauma. Spinal cord injuries require specialized care and support for acute injury, dis-ability adjustment, pain management, quality of life. Since 2009, Congress has appropriated in this account—which is going to be eliminated by this amendment—over $157 million to research the entire con-tinuum of prehospital care, treatment, and rehab needs for spinal cord injury. The amount and extent of bleeding within the spinal cord can predict how well an individual will recover from a spinal cord injury. Researchers at Ohio State University and the University of Maryland at Bal-timore examined why some injuries cause more or less bleeding. They stud-ied early markers of injury and found an FDA-approved diabetes drug that proved to reduce lesion size and injury duration in spinal cord injuries. At the University of Pennsylvania, research-ers have studied how to facilitate sur-viving nerve axons to grow across an injury site after spinal cord trauma to improve nerve generation and functionality. Is this research important? I would say it is. It is certainly important to those who serve us. It is important to their families as well. It should be im-portant to all of us. Why are we cut-ting corners when it comes to medical research for our military and our vet-erans? Why is this account, which is less than two-tenths of 1 percent of this total budget, the target they want to cut? Medical research for the mili-tary and the veterans—every single grant that is approved has to go through the test of military relevance. It isn’t a question of dreaming up some disease that might have an appli-cation someplace in the world. A panel looks at the research that is requested and asks: Does this have relevance today to our military and their fami-lies and veterans as well? If it doesn’t pass this test, it is finished. That is why I am fighting to protect this money. So much has come out of this that it is of value to the men and women in uniform and veterans. Put-ting this new procedure in here making them go through the procurement re-quirements that we have for the larg-est defense contractors in America is unnecessary, burdensome, and will delay this process and make it more expensive. I would like to hear from the other side one example of abuse in these re-search grants that would justify chang-ing the rules that have been in place for 24 years. Come up with that exam-ple. You are going to be hard-pressed to find it. After more than 2,000 of these grants a year for years—it has gone on for 24 years—I am waiting for the first example. What I think is really at stake here is an effort to make it more difficult, more cumbersome, and less appealing to the universities to do this kind of research, and we will be the lesser for it. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, how much time is remaining on this side? The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 17 minutes remaining. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be al-lowed 9 minutes and that Senator J
OHNSON then be allowed 5 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ALEXANDER. I ask unanimous consent that the remaining time be for the Senator from South Carolina. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, would you please let me know when 8 minutes has elapsed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes. The Senator will be notified. (The remarks of Mr. ALEXANDER and Mr. J
OHNSON pertaining to the intro-duction of S.J. Res. 34 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolu-tions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I wish to first inquire how much is remaining on my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are 11
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I wish to comment on the two pending amend-ments. I will begin by thanking my col-league from South Carolina for his thoughtful and kind words about the collaboration we have both witnessed on the committee as we brought this bill to the floor under the leadership of Chairman M
CCAIN. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4204 
First, with respect to the Inhofe-Mi-kulski amendment, I share their con-cerns about the quality of com-missaries. It is an essential service for military personnel. In fact, it is really in the fabric of military life, being able to go to a commissary. It is an impor-tant benefit, particularly for junior members, those who aren’t as well paid as more senior members of the mili-tary. But both the chairman and my colleagues on the committee—many of them recognize the need to look for al-ternate approaches for delivering serv-ices to military families but doing so in a way that can save resources that could be used for operations and main-tenance, for training, equipment—all the critical needs we are seeing much more clearly at this moment. So we have proposed—and I support the chairman’s proposal—to try a pilot program for commissaries that would be run by commercial entities. I think there is merit to this proposal. I want to emphasize that it is a pilot program. It is not a wholesale replacement of the commissary system. It is designed to test in real time whether a commercial entity can effectively use the resources and the operation of the commissary to better serve military personnel. We have come a long way from years ago when the commissary was prac-tically the only place a servicemember could get groceries or get the supplies they need for their home. Today, go outside any military base and you will see a Target, a Walmart, and every other combination of stores. Frankly, our young soldiers, sailors, marines, and airmen are used to going there. They are used to going to both places looking for bargains. They are used to the service. This is no longer the iso-lated military of decades ago where lit-erally the only place you could shop was the commissary, and I think we have to recognize that. The other thing we have to recognize is that there is now an interest by many grocery chains to test this model, to see if, in fact, they can de-liver better services to military per-sonnel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.043 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3502 June 7, 2016 
I think that test should be made. That is the essence of the proposal within the Armed Services Committee mark. There is an ongoing study of this by the Department of Defense which I think is helpful. Part of the conclusion is this: ‘‘The Department is critically assessing the privatization of all por-tion(s) of the commissary system.’’ I will emphasize that this amendment does not support the privatization of all commissary systems at this time; they are looking at that issue. ‘‘Initial conversations with interested business entities informed the Department of private sector willingness to engage, which is leading to more thorough market analysis, including a more for-mal Request for Information.’’ This re-quest was issued in May, just a few weeks ago. I think we are now positioned to move forward and test this model, and that is what we are asking for—a pilot test. It is sensible. It is limited. We will learn quite quickly and very effec-tively whether this model works and what its potential is. I think in that process, too, we can conduct it in such a way that we will be able to structure, if it is a valuable enterprise, relation-ships between commercial entities that not only protect military personnel but enhance their experience at the com-missary. That is the goal. It is not just to save dollars—that is important—but also to make sure that their experience in the commissary is both adequate and, in effect, more than adequate. Mr. President, let me turn to Senator D
URBIN ’s amendment very quickly. I support this amendment. The reason I do is not only because of the eloquence of the Senator from Illinois about the success of this program. But how we got here, as described by my colleague, to me, is a crucial point. It is a com-bination of history, of rules, of budg-eting 20-plus years ago. But in the in-terim we have been able to create a useful medical research enterprise which I think will be dismantled—not intentionally. That is not the intent of the chairman or of any of the sup-porters of this provision in the bill. In fact, as the chairman said, he would stand up and support reallocating these funds someplace else. My colleague from South Carolina suggested, I be-lieve, NIH. But if we look at how dif-ficult it is to fund the Health and Human Services budget here—and this is what drives it—the reality is if these funds are taken out of this bill, they will not reappear, even through the best and sincere efforts of many of my colleagues, elsewhere. We will lose this funding, and we will lose hugely valu-able resources. As to the whole issue with certifi-cation by the Secretary of Defense, if we step back, this research has been so effective, and there is a linkage to every military member. It might not be as dramatic as a prosthesis to fix someone who lost their limb in combat, but certainly their wife, their child— pediatric diseases—may be affected. This research affects every American. For those reasons, I am going to sup-port Senator DURBIN ’s amendment. He has stated the case very well about un-intended overhead caused by the cer-tification process and all of the related issues. But I think the essence here is we have a valuable national resource that through the history and the bu-reaucratic and congressional proce-dures and policies has been embedded in the Defense Department. If we do not support Senator D
URBIN ’s amend-ment, we will lose that. We won’t re-capture it elsewhere in another spend-ing bill or in another authorization bill. I just think it is too much to lose. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, how much time is remaining on each side? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-nority has 5 minutes, and the majority has 5
1⁄2minutes. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I thank Senator R
EEDfor his comments in sup-port of my amendment. This is about medical research, and if I have a pas-sion for the subject, I do. Certainly, I believe most of us do. There comes a point in your life where you get a diagnosis or news about someone you love, and you pray to goodness that there has been some research to develop a drug or a proce-dure or a device which gives them a chance for life. Do I want to invest more money in medical research so that there are more chances for life? You bet I do. And I believe our highest priority should be the men and women in uni-form and their families and our vet-erans. That is why I will stand here today and defend this Department of Defense medical research program for as long as I have breath in my lungs. I believe it is essential that once we have made the promise to men and women in uniform, we stand by them and we keep our word, and our word means standing by medical research. Some have made light of issues being investigated under medical research— not anyone on the floor today, but oth-ers. Prostate cancer. What are they doing investigating prostate cancer at the Department of Defense? Servicemem-bers are twice as likely to develop pros-tate cancer as those who don’t serve in the military. Why? I don’t know the answer. Is it worth the research to an-swer that question? Of course it is. Alzheimer’s and Department of De-fense medical research. For the men and women who served our country and have experienced a traumatic brain in-jury, their risk of developing Alz-heimer’s disease is much higher. For those suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, the risk is also higher. So, as to Alzheimer’s research at the Department of Defense, here is the rea-son. Lou Gehrig’s disease, or ALS. We sure know that one; don’t we? Accord-ing to the ALS Association, military veterans are twice as likely to be diag-nosed with ALS relative to the general population. Why? Should we ask the question? Do we owe it to the men and women in uniform to ask this question about ALS? We certainly do. Lung cancer. Of course there is too much smoking in the military and that is part of the reason, but the incidence is higher. Gulf war illness. It wasn’t until the Department of Defense initiated its re-search that we finally linked up why so many gulf war veterans were coming home sick. Now we are treating them, as we should. There is traumatic brain injury, spi-nal cord injury, epilepsy, and seizure. The list goes on. To walk away from this research is to walk away from our promise to the men and women in uni-form, their families, and our veterans. I am not going to stand for that. I hope the majority of the Senate will support my effort to eliminate this language that has been put into the Department of Defense authorization bill, and say to the chairman, once and for all: Stop this battle against medical research. There are many ways to save money in the Department of Defense. Let’s not do it at the expense of medical re-search and at the expense of the well- being of the men and women who serve our country. I reserve the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. (The remarks of Mr. I
SAKSON per-taining to the introduction of S.J. Res. 34 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, as to the Durbin amendment, I want people to understand what we are trying to do. There is $900 million spent on med-ical research in the Department of De-fense. All we are asking is that the money being spent be related to the de-fense needs of this country. Of that $900 million, probably two thirds of the re-search money will not pass the test of being related to the Defense Depart-ment. If you care about the men and women in uniform—which we all do—that is probably $600 million or $700 million to help a military that is in decline. In terms of research dollars, I have worked with Senators D
URBIN , ALEX-
ANDER , and B LUNT to increase NIH funding. This idea of taking money out of the Defense Department’s budget to do medical research unrelated to the defense needs of this country needs to stop because the military is under siege. We have the smallest Navy since 1915 and the smallest Army since 1940. If we really want to reform the way things are done up here, this is a good start. To those programs that don’t make the cut in DOD, we will have to find another place. If they make sense, I will help you find another place. To those medical research items that sur-vive the cut, they are going to have to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.052 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3503 June 7, 2016 
go through the normal contracting pro-cedure to make sure we are doing it competitively. I don’t think that is too much to ask. If you want things to change in Wash-ington, somebody has to start the proc-ess of change. It is long overdue to stop spending money in the Department of Defense’s budget for things unrelated to the Department of Defense, even though many of them are worthy. The point we are trying to make is that our military needs every dollar it can get, and we need to look at the way we are doing business anew. That is ex-actly what this bill does, and Senator D
URBIN takes us back to the old way of doing it. Finally, the whole idea of medical re-search in the Department of Defense budget started with a $20 million ear-mark for breast cancer that is now $900 million. Why? Because if you can make it into DOD’s bill, you are going to get your program funded. It is not about medical research. It is about the power of somebody to get the medical re-search program in the budget of the Department of Defense. It is not a merit-based process. It needs to be. I yield the floor. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, how much time remains? The PRESIDING OFFICER. One minute, 45 seconds. Mr. DURBIN. And on the other side? The PRESIDING OFFICER. One minute, 15 seconds. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I will conclude. I would just say to my friend from South Carolina that I have gone through a long list of research projects at the Department of Defense and their medical research program, and each and every one of them I have linked up to medical families and peculiar cir-cumstances affecting our military. That is why I think this Department of Defense medical research is so critical. I have yet to hear the other side say that one of these is wasteful, and they can’t. If our men and women in uni-form are suffering from gulf war ill-nesses, of course we want the Depart-ment of Defense or any other medical research group to try to find out what is the cause of the problem and what we can do about it. When it comes to the incidents of cancer being higher among veterans, are you worried about that? I sure am. Why would it be? Should we ask that question? Of course we should. And we do that through legitimate medical re-search. Here is what the Institute of Medi-cine said about this medical research program: It ‘‘has shown that it has been an efficiently managed and sci-entifically productive effort and that it is a valuable component of the nation’s health research enterprise.’’ This is not wasted money. This is medical research for the men and women in uniform, their families, and the veterans who served this country. I will stand here and fight for it every minute. To those who say we will strengthen our military if we do less medical research on behalf of the men and women in uniform and veterans, that doesn’t make us a stronger mili-tary. Let us keep our word to the men and women in uniform and to the veterans. We have told them we would stand be-hind them when they came home, and we have to keep our word. I ask unanimous consent that a list of 147 organizations that support the Durbin amendment be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
GROUPS OPPOSING SECTIONS 756 /898 & 
SUPPORTING DURBIN AMDT #4369 Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, Ac-tion to Cure Kidney Cancer, Adult Con-genital Heart Association, Alliance for Lupus Research/Lupus Research Institute, ALS Association, Alzheimer’s Association, American Academy of Dermatology Associa-tion, American Academy of Pediatrics, American Association for Cancer Research, American Association for Dental Research, American Association of Clinical Urologists, American Brain Tumor Association, Amer-ican Cancer Society Cancer Action Network, American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, American Dental Association, American Diabetes Association, American Gastroenterological Association, American Heart Association, American Lung Associa-tion, American Psychological Association. American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene, American Society of Nephrology, American Thoracic Society, American Urological Association, Aplastic Anemia and MDS International Foundation, Arthritis Foundation, Association of American Cancer Institutes, Association of American Medical Colleges, Association of American Univer-sities, Association of Public and Land-grant Universities, Asbestos Disease Awareness Or-ganization, Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America, Autism Speaks, AVAC: Global Advocacy for HIV Prevention, Bladder Can-cer Advocacy Network, Cancer Support Com-munity, Caring Together New York, Chil-dren’s Heart Foundation, Children’s Tumor Foundation, Citizens United for Research in Epilepsy (CURE), Coalition for National Se-curity Research (CNSR), Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, Colon Cancer Alliance, Crohn’s and Colitis Foundation of America, CureHHT. Debbie’s Dream Foundation: Curing Stom-ach Cancer, Digestive Disease National Coa-lition, Duke University, Duke University School of Medicine, Dystonia Medical Re-search Foundation, Elizabeth Glaser Pedi-atric AIDS Foundation, Endocrine Society, Esophageal Cancer Action Network, Inc., Fight Colorectal Cancer, FORCE: Facing Our Risk of Cancer Empowered, Foundation for Women’s Cancer, Foundation to Eradicate Duchenne, Georgetown University, GBS/ CIDP Foundation International, Hartford HealthCare Center, Hepatitis Foundation International, HIV Medicine Association, Hydrocephalus Association, Indiana Univer-sity, Infectious Diseases Society of America, International Foundation for Functional GI Disorders, International Myeloma Founda-tion. Interstitial Cystitis Association, Johns Hopkins University, Kidney Cancer Associa-tion, LAM Foundation, Lineberger Clinic Cancer Center at the University of North Carolina, Littlest Tumor Foundation, Living Beyond Breast Cancer, Lung Cancer Alli-ance, Lupus Foundation of America, Lymphangiomatosis & Gorham’s Disease Al-liance, Lymphoma Research Foundation, Malecare Cancer Support, Melanoma Re-search Foundation, The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson’s Research, Michi-gan State University, Minnesota Ovarian Cancer Alliance, Muscular Dystrophy Asso-ciation, National Alliance for Eye and Vision Research, National Association of Nurse Practitioners In Women’s Health, National Autism Association, National Breast Cancer Coalition, National Fragile X Foundation, National Gulf War Resource Center, National Kidney Foundation. National Multiple Sclerosis Society, Na-tional Ovarian Cancer Coalition, NephCure Kidney International, Neurofibromatosis Ar-izona, Neurofibromatosis Central Plains, Neurofibromatosis Michigan, Neurofibro-matosis (NF) Midwest, Neurofibromatosis Network, Neurofibromatosis Northeast, Nurse Practitioners in Women’s Health, The Ohio State University, Oncology Nursing So-ciety, Ovarian Cancer Research Fund Alli-ance, Pancreatic Cancer Action Network, Parent Project Muscular Dystrophy (PPMD), Pediatric Congenital Heart Association, Penn State University, Prostate Cancer Foundation, Prostate Health Education Net-work, Pulmonary Hypertension Association, Research!America. RESULTS, Rettsyndrome.org, Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey, Sabin Vaccine Institute, Scleroderma Foundation, Sleep Research Society, Society of Gynecologic Oncology, State University of New York, Susan G. Komen, Treatment Ac-tion Group, TB Alliance, Texas Neurofibromatosis Foundation, Theresa’s Research Foundation, Tuberous Sclerosis Al-liance, University of Arizona Cancer Center at Dignity Health St. Joseph’s Hospital and Medical Center, University of California- Irvine, University of California System, Uni-versity of Central Florida, University of Kansas, University of Kansas Medical Cen-ter, University of Pittsburgh, University of Washington, University of Wisconsin-Madi-son, US Hereditary Angioedema Association. Us TOO International Prostate Cancer Education and Support Network, The V Foundation for Cancer Research, Vanderbilt University, Veterans for Common Sense, Veterans Health Council, Vietnam Veterans of America, Washington Global Health Alli-ance, Washington State Neurofibromatosis Families, Weill Cornell Medicine, WomenHeart: The National Coalition for Women with Heart Disease, Young Survival Coalition, ZERO-The End of Prostate Can-cer. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4369 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 4369. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. D URBIN ] proposes an amendment numbered 4369. 
Mr. DURBIN. I ask unanimous con-sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide that certain provisions in this Act relating to limitations, trans-parency, and oversight regarding medical research conducted by the Department of Defense shall have no force or effect) At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.054 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3504 June 7, 2016 
SEC. 764. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS RELATING TO LIMITATIONS, TRANS-PARENCY, AND OVERSIGHT REGARD-ING MEDICAL RESEARCH CON-DUCTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) M EDICAL RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  P
ROJECTS .—Section 756, relating to a prohi-bition on funding and conduct of certain medical research and development projects by the Department of Defense, shall have no force or effect. (b) R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST, AND E
VALUATION EFFORTS AND PROCUREMENT AC-
TIVITIES RELATED TO MEDICAL RESEARCH .— Section 898, relating to a limitation on au-thority of the Secretary of Defense to enter into contracts, grants, or cooperative agree-ments for congressional special interest medical research programs under the con-gressionally directed medical research pro-gram of the Department of Defense, shall have no force or effect. 
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of our time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time is yielded back. The question is on agreeing to the Durbin amendment. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 66, nays 32, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 90 Leg.] YEAS—66 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Tester Thune Udall Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—32 
Barrasso Coats Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Graham Hatch Inhofe Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Paul Perdue Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Sullivan Tillis Toomey Vitter 
NOT VOTING—2 
Sanders Warner 
The amendment (No. 4369) was agreed to. (At the request of Mr. REID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
VOTE EXPLANATION  
∑Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, due to a prior commitment, I regret I was not present to vote on Senate amendment No. 4369, offered by Senator D
URBIN . I am a cosponsor of this amendment, and had I been present, I would have voted in support of the amendment. The CDMRP has produced breakthroughs in treatment for a variety of diseases and medical conditions, and it deserves our continued support.∑ 
AMENDMENT NO . 4204 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There will now be 2 minutes of debate, equal-ly divided, in relation to the Inhofe amendment. The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, a year ago, when we were considering this same bill, the language of the bill that was presented to us had a pilot pro-gram that would temporarily look at privatizing five commissaries. We elected not to do that. We had an amendment at that time with 25 cosponsors, and it was not nec-essary to actually have a rollcall vote, and it overwhelmingly was passed that we would not do that until we had a study of DOD with an assessment by GAO on privatization. That has not happened yet. The initial report came out from GAO and it is negative on having the privatization language at this point. I reserve the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. A
YOTTE ). The Senator from Rhode Is-land. Mr. REED. Madam President, the key aspect of this legislation that was included in the committee mark is that it is a pilot, and I believe, along with the chairman, this is the best way to evaluate the merits or demerits of pri-vatization of commissaries. It will allow an evaluation that is not theoretical, not a report but an ac-tual company actively engaged in run-ning a facility. The goal is not just to maintain the commissaries, the goal is to enhance the value of service to men and women. I think, along with the chairman, this approach is an appro-priate approach and would do just that. I urge rejection of the Inhofe amend-ment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma has 7 seconds. Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, we have 40 cosponsors. I advise each Sen-ator to look at the cosponsors before voting on this. However, I would have no objection to a voice vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? The question is on agreeing to the Inhofe amendment No. 4204. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. SANDERS ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 70, nays 28, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 91 Leg.] YEAS—70 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Casey Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Donnelly Durbin Enzi Feinstein Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Inhofe Kaine Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reid Roberts Rounds Rubio Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Tillis Udall Vitter Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—28 
Carper Cassidy Coats Corker Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Ernst Fischer Flake Graham Hoeven Isakson Johnson King Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Paul Perdue Portman Reed Risch Sasse Thune Toomey 
NOT VOTING—2 
Sanders Warner 
The amendment (No. 4204) was agreed to. (At the request of Mr. R
EID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
VOTE EXPLANATION  
∑Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, due to a prior commitment, I regret I was not present to vote on Senate amendment No. 4204, offered by Senator I
NHOFE . I am a cosponsor of this amendment, and had I been present, I would have voted in support of the amendment. It would be imprudent for Congress to authorize this privatization, possibly jeopard-izing an important benefit for our mili-tary men and women, their families, as well as retired servicemembers, before receiving the thorough study on the potential impacts as requested in last year’s National Defense Authorization Act.∑ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, it is my understanding that we are trying to set up the amendment and second- degree amendment on the increase of an authorization of $17 billion. It is my understanding there will also be a sec-ond-degree amendment. I just want to say a few words about the amendment which is pending. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.009 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3505 June 7, 2016 
were trying to reach an agreement as to when we will have debate and vote on both the second degree and the amendment itself. I would point out that the unfunded requirements of the military services total $23 billion for the next fiscal year alone. Sequestration threatens to re-turn in 2018, taking away another $100 billion from our military. The amend-ment would increase defense spending by $18 billion. I will be pleased to go through all of the programs where there is increased spending, but I would point out that those increases were in the 5-year de-fense plan but were cut because of the authorization of $17 billion—the Presi-dent’s request of $17 billion from what we had last year. From a quick glance around the world, I think we can certainly make one understand that the world is not a safer place than it was last year. We are cutting into readiness, mainte-nance, and all kinds of problems are be-ginning to arise in the military. My friend from Rhode Island and I will be discussing and debating both the second-degree amendment and the amendment, and hopefully we will have votes either tomorrow or on Thursday, depending on negotiations between the leaders. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Madam President, I thank and commend the chairman. As he in-dicated, he has proposed an amend-ment, and he is also allowing us to pre-pare a second-degree amendment, which I would like to offer as soon as it is ready and then conduct debate on a very important topic; that is, investing in our national security in the broadest sense and doing it wisely and well. Then, I would hope again—subject to the deliberations of the leaders on both sides—that we could have a vote on both the underlying amendment and the second-degree amendment tomor-row or the succeeding day. Again, I thank the chairman for not only bringing this issue to the floor but also for giving us the opportunity to prepare an appropriate amendment. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I un-derstand that the Senator from Okla-homa and the Senator from New Mex-ico are interested in getting non-controversial legislation up and com-pleted. I am more than pleased to yield time from our discussion of the Defense authorization bill for the Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. If the Senator would yield, I would appreciate that very much. We are talking about the TSCA bill, and it is one that is almost a must-pass type of bill. We have support on both sides—I think almost total support. If we could have another 10 minutes to talk to a couple of people, I would like to make that motion. If you could, go ahead and talk about the Defense bill. Mr. MCCAIN. I thank the Senator from Oklahoma. When he gets ready, we will obviously be ready to yield to the Senator from Oklahoma for consid-eration of that important legislation. In the meantime, I would like to point out that, as part of this package of $18 billion, it increases the military pay raise to 2.1 percent. The current administration’s budget request sets pay raises at 1.6 percent. It fully funds troops in Afghanistan at 9,800. The budget request of the President funds troop levels at 6,217. It stops the cuts to end strength and capacity. It restores the end strength for Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force. For example, it cancels the planned reduction of 15,000 active Army soldiers. If the planned reduction actu-ally was implemented, we would have one of the smallest armies in history, certainly in recent history. It funds the recommendations of the National Commission on the Future of the Army. It includes additional fund-ing for purchasing 36 additional UH–60 Black Hawk helicopters, 5 AH–64 Apaches, and 5 CH–47 Chinook heli-copters. I would point out that all of those were in keeping with the rec-ommendations of the National Com-mission on the Future of the Army. It adds $2.2 billion to readiness to help alleviate problems each of the military services are grappling with. Of the $23 billion in unfunded require-ments received by the military serv-ices, almost $7 billion of it was identi-fied as readiness related. It addresses the Navy’s ongoing strike fighter shortfall and the U.S. Marine Corps aviation readiness crisis by increasing aircraft procurement. It addresses high priority unfunded re-quirements for the Navy and Marine Corps, including 14 F/A–18 Super Hor-nets and 11 F–35 Joint Strike Fighters. It supports the Navy shipbuilding program, and it provides the balance of funding necessary to fully fund the ad-ditional fiscal year 2016 DDG–51 Arleigh Burke-class destroyer. It restores the cut of the one littoral combat ship in fiscal year 2017. It supports the European Reassur-ance Initiative with the manufacturing and modernization of 14 M1 Abrams tanks and 14 M2 Bradley fighting vehi-cles. There is also increased support for Israeli cooperation on air defense pro-grams of some $200 million. What this is is an effort to make up for the shortfall that would bring us up to last year’s number—last year’s. Again, I want to point out—and we will talk more about it—we have all kinds of initiatives going on. We have an in-crease in troops’ presence in Iraq and Syria; we are having much more par-ticipation in the European reassurance program; and there is more emphasis on our rebalancing in Asia. At the same time, we are cutting defense and making it $17 billion lower than the military needed and planned for last year. I hope that my colleagues would un-derstand and appreciate the need, par-ticularly when we look at the deep cuts and consequences of reductions in read-iness, training, and other of the intan-gibles that make the American mili-tary the great organization—superior to all potential adversaries—that it is. I hope my colleagues will look at what we are proposing for tomorrow. I know the other side will have a second- degree amendment as well. I haven’t seen it, but I would be pleased to give it utmost consideration, depending on its contents. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, after Memorial Day and a day after the 72nd anniversary of D-day and at a time when we live in a more and more dangerous world with threats from North Korea, China, Russia, and ISIS, it is appropriate that we are on the floor talking about our military, talk-ing about helping our troops, and doing so by strengthening our military. Senator M
CCAIN, who is the chairman of the committee, just talked about the fact that there is a pay raise here. There is also an assurance to our mili-tary that we are not going to have the kind of end strength that puts us in more peril. I applaud him and I applaud Senator R
EEDfor their work on this bill. I in-tend to support this bill, and I hope we continue to make progress this week on it. 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY BILL  
Madam President, I am up today to talk about something different. It is another fight that we have, and that is with this terrible epidemic of heroin and prescription drugs. We now have a situation where 129 people on average are dying every single day. We have in my home State of Ohio and around the country epidemic levels not just of her-oin and prescription drugs but now fentanyl, which is a synthetic form of heroin. It is affecting every community and every State. This is the eighth time I have come on the floor to talk about this issue since the Senate passed their legisla-tion on March 10—every week we have been in session since then. Initially, I came to encourage the House to act and urge them to move on it. They did that a couple weeks ago. Now I am urg-ing the House and the Senate to come together because we have some dif-ferences in our two approaches to this, but for the most part we have com-monality. There is common ground on how to deal with this issue: more pre-vention and education, better treat-ment and recovery, helping our law en-forcement to be able to deal with it. My message is very simple. We know what is in the House bill. We know what is in the Senate bill. We are start-ing to work together to find a way to come together. That is good. We need 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.059 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3506 June 7, 2016 
to do that as soon as possible. This isn’t like other issues we address on the floor, with all due respect. This is an emergency back home. This is one we know the Federal Government can be a better partner with State and local governments and with nonprofits. The Presiding Officer has been very in-volved in this issue over time. When we go home, we hear about it. This affects every single State. That is why we had a 94-to-1 vote in this Chamber. That never happens around here. We were on the floor for 2
1⁄2weeks, and by the end of the debate practically every single Senator who voted said this is a key issue back home. I like this bill be-cause it is comprehensive, it is com-mon sense. We need to support it. There is a real crisis out there, and this is a genuinely comprehensive solu-tion to the crisis. We have the common ground. We need to move forward and do so soon. In 88 days, since the Senate passed the legislation on March 10, more than 10,000 Americans—10,000 Americans— have died of drug overdoses from opioids. That doesn’t include the hun-dreds of thousands of others who have not died from an overdose but are cas-ualties. They have lost a job. They have broken their relationship with their family, with loved ones. They have been driven to pay for drugs by going to crime. They have lost hope. There are now an estimated 200,000 in Ohio who are suffering from addiction to heroin and prescription drugs. That is the size of the city of Akron, OH, a major city in my State. It is urgent. People understand it. There is a new poll showing that 3 in 10 Ohioans know someone struggling with an opioid ad-diction. They know people—their fam-ily members, their friends, their co-workers, their fellow parishioners, their neighbors—who are experiencing the consequences we talked about a moment ago: a lost job, time in prison, broken relationships, communities being devastated. All they have to do is open the newspaper to be reminded of it. Every day the headlines tell the story of families torn apart because of addiction. Since my last speech on the floor about 2 weeks ago, there is more bad news from my State of Ohio. Two weeks ago, a 41-year-old man and his 19-year-old daughter, both from Ohio, were arrested together buying heroin. The same day, a 26-year-old man was found dead of an overdose near a creek in Lemon Township in Butler County. Last Thursday, in Steubenville, police seized 100 grams of heroin from one man. I told the story 2 weeks ago of Annabella, a 14-month-old from Colum-bus who died at a drug house after in-gesting her mother’s fentanyl-laced heroin. Last Thursday, a 29-year-old man in Columbus was sentenced to 9 years in prison after his 11-month-old son, Dominic, ingested his father’s fentanyl and died. Ohioans know this is happening, and we are taking action back home. State troopers in Ohio will soon be carrying naloxone with them, which is a miracle drug that can actually reverse the ef-fects of an overdose. Our legislation provides more training for naloxone, also called Narcan. It also provides more grant opportunities for law en-forcement. It is one reason the Fra-ternal Order of Police has been very supportive of our legislation and pro-vided us valuable input as we were crafting it. In Ohio, last year alone, first responders administered Narcan 16,000 times, saving thousands of lives. Our Governor, John Kasich, is con-ducting an awareness campaign in Ohio called ‘‘Start Talking.’’ The National Guard is helping out. They are con-ducting 113 events across Ohio, reach-ing more than 30,000 high school stu-dents to talk about drugs and opioid addiction. I am told 65 National Guard members have partnered with 28 law enforcement agencies on counterdrug efforts. They have helped confiscate more than $6 million in drugs already, including 235 pounds of heroin, 20 pounds of fentanyl, and 26 pounds of opiate pills. CARA would create a national aware-ness campaign—we think this is incred-ibly important—including making this connection between prescription drugs, narcotic pain pills, and heroin. Four out of five heroin addicts in Ohio start-ed with prescription drugs. This is not included in the House-passed legisla-tion, as one example of something we want to add, but I think it is critical we include it in the final bill we ulti-mately send to the President’s desk and ultimately out to our community so this message can begin to resonate to let people know they should not be getting into this addiction—this funnel of addiction—that is so difficult. We are taking action in Ohio, but back in Ohio they want the Federal Government to be a better partner, and we can be through this legislation. In Cleveland, the Cuyahoga county execu-tive, Armond Budish, and the County medical examiner, Dr. Thomas Gilson, last week asked the Federal Govern-ment to be a better partner with them. I agree with them. They support our legislation. So do 160 of the national groups—everybody who has worked with us over the years to come up with this nonpartisan approach. It is based on what works. It is based on actual evidence of the treatment that works, the recovery programs that work, the prevention that works. In Cleveland, OH, it is not hard to see why. One hundred forty people have died of fentanyl overdoses so far this year—record levels. Fentanyl is even more potent than heroin. Depending on the concentration, it can be 50 or more times more powerful than heroin. Forty-four people died of opioid overdoses in Cleveland in just the month of May—44 in 1 month, just 1 month, in one city. That includes one 6-day span when 13 people died of overdoses; 18 of those 44 lived in the city of Cleveland, 26 lived in the sub-urbs. This knows no ZIP Code. It is not isolated to one area. It is not isolated to rural or suburban or inner city. It is everywhere. No one is immune, and no one is unaffected by this epidemic. People across the country are talking about it more in the last couple weeks. One reason we are talking about it is because of the premature death of Prince, a world-renowned recording artist whose 58th birthday would have been celebrated yesterday. Based on the autopsy of Prince, we now know he died of a fentanyl overdose. Fentanyl is driving more of this epi-demic every day. As I said, in 2013, there were 84 fentanyl overdose deaths in Ohio. The next year it was 503. Sadly, this year it is going to be more than that. The new information about the overdose that took Prince’s life has surprised some. After all, Prince had it all: success, fame, talent, and fortune. He was an amazingly talented musi-cian, but as Paul Wax, the executive di-rector of the American College of Med-ical Toxicology, put it, ‘‘This epidemic spares no one. It affects the wealthy, the poor, the prominent, and the not prominent.’’ He is exactly right. This epidemic knows no limits. In a way, as this becomes known, it may help get rid of the stigma at-tached to addiction that is keeping so many people from coming forward and getting the treatment they need as people understand it is everywhere. It affects our neighbors and friends re-gardless of our station in life or where we live. It happens to grandmothers. It happens to teenagers who just had their wisdom teeth taken out. It hap-pens to the homeless, and it happens to the rich and famous. Prince is hardly the first celebrity case of opioid addiction. Celebrities like Chevy Chase and Jamie Lee Curtis have been brave enough to open up and talk about their struggles, and I com-mend them for that. The former Cleve-land Browns wide receiver, Josh Cribbs, recently told ESPN: 
I grew up in the football atmosphere, and to me it’s just part of the game. Unfortu-nately, it’s ingrained within the players to have to deal with this, and it’s almost as if that’s part of it. After the game, you are popping pills to get back to normal, to feel normal. The pills are second nature to us. They’re given to us just to get through the day. . . . The pills are part of the game. 
I am hopeful that if any good can come out of tragedies like Prince’s pre-mature death, it can be that we raise awareness about this epidemic and pre-vent new addictions from starting. Pre-vention is ultimately going to be the best way to turn the tide. The House-passed legislation does not include CARA’s expanded preven-tion grants, which address local drug crises and are focused on our young people, but I am hopeful again that ul-timately that will be included in the bill we send to the President’s desk and to our communities. I know the scope of this epidemic can feel overwhelming at times, but there is hope. Prevention can work, treat-ment can work, and it does work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.060 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3507 June 7, 2016 
Think about Jeff Knight from the suburbs of Cleveland. He was an entre-preneur. He started a small land-scaping business when he was just 21 years old. The business grew and grew. He was successful. He had more than a dozen employees. Then, at age 27, he was prescribed Percocet. Percocet. He became addicted. His tolerance in-creased so he switched to OxyContin. When the pills were too expensive or he couldn’t find enough pills, he switched to heroin because it was less expensive and more accessible. He started selling cocaine and Percocet to buy more her-oin. The drugs became everything, which is what I hear from so many of our recovering addicts. The drugs be-came everything, pulling them away from their families, their job, and their God-given purpose in life. Within 3 years, Jeff Knight lost ev-erything. He lost his business, he lost his relationship with his family, and he was arrested, but there he got treat-ment, and through a drug court pro-gram he got sober. He moved into a sober-living facility where there was supervision, accountability, and sup-port from his peers. Again, as we are looking at these programs around the country and we are holding up those best practices, we want to fund those best practices that have that kind of support, not just the treatment but the strong recovery programs. Jeff has now been clean for 3 years. He still has that same entrepreneurial spirit, and he is using it now to help others. He actually has bought several houses in Cleveland, which he has now turned into sober housing for men who are addicted—all because he got treat-ment and he was in a good recovery program, which he is now permitting others to appreciate. Nine out of ten of those who need treatment aren’t getting it right now, we are told. CARA—the Senate-passed bill—and the House bills both provide more help for the type of treatment programs and recovery that work. If we can get a comprehensive bill to the President, we can help more people who are struggling to get treatment, and we can give them more hope. It is time to act, and act quickly, to find common ground and get a comprehen-sive bill in place now so we can begin to help the millions who are strug-gling. Again, I appreciate the Presiding Of-ficer’s efforts in this regard. I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to continue to promote our leadership to move forward, get this conference re-solved, get it to the President’s desk, and begin to help our constituents back home, all of whom deserve our at-tention on this critical issue and this epidemic that is affecting every com-munity. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PAUL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FEDERAL CHEMICAL REGULATION LEGISLATION  
Mr. PAUL. Madam President, Milton Friedman once said that if you give the Federal Government control of the Sa-hara Desert, within 5 years there will be a shortage of sand. I tend to agree, and it worries me anytime a consensus builds to federalize anything. I have spent the last week reading this bill, this sweeping Federal take-over of chemical regulations, and I am now more worried than I was before I read the bill. Most worrisome, beyond the specifics, is the creeping infesta-tion of the business community with the idea that the argument is no longer about minimizing regulations but about making regulations regular. Businesses seem to just want uni-formity of regulation as opposed to minimization of regulation. A good analogy is that of how busi-nesses respond to malingerers who fake slip-and-fall injuries. Some businesses choose to limit expenses by just paying out small amounts, but some brave businesses choose to legally defend themselves against all nuisance claims. Federalizing the chemical regulations is like settling with the slip-and-fall malingerers and hoping he or she will keep their extortion at a reasonable level. In the process, though, we have aban-doned principle. We will have given up the State laboratories where economic success and regulatory restraint are aligned. It is no accident that regu-latory restraint occurs in States that host chemical companies and ensures that State legislatures will be well aware that the economic impact of overbearing regulation will be felt in their State. As a consequence, there is a back-and-forth and consideration both of the environment and health of the economy. Federalization of regulations sepa-rates the people who benefit from a successful chemical industry from the unelected bureaucrats who will write the regulations. Once you sever the ties, once there is no incentive, once nobody cares about the jobs anymore, the tendency is to regulate and to over-regulate. Once that tie is severed, the joint incentive to minimize regulation is lost. In fact, this legislation explic-itly bans the consideration of a regula-tion’s economic cost when deciding whether chemicals will be put into a high-risk category. Once a chemical has been labeled ‘‘high risk,’’ the legal liability and stigma that will attach will effectively ban the substance with-out the effect on the economy ever being considered. Regardless of what the final regulations actually say, the subsequent public reaction and law-suits will have the effect of driving the chemical out of the market if it is con-sidered to be a high-risk chemical. If we are to ignore the cost of regula-tions, if we are to ignore the relation-ship between regulations and job loss, there is basically no limit to the fervor and ferocity that will be unleashed by bureaucrats whose perpetual mandate is to regulate. I always thought we needed more bal-ance, not less, in deciding on new regu-lations. I always thought we should balance the environment and the econ-omy. Instead of balancing the eco-nomic effects and the environmental effects, this bill explicitly says to regu-lators that their goal is to regulate, pe-riod. This bill explicitly states that the economic impact of regulations is only considered after the EPA has decided to regulate, after a substance has been categorized as high risk. Is this really the best we can do? Sometimes I wonder if we deserve the government we get. When the business community gets together and seeks Federal regulations, I wonder: Have they not paid any attention to what is going on in Washington? Are they un-aware of the devastating explosion of Federal regulations? Are they unaware that today’s overbearing regulations were yesterday’s benign advisories? Ev-erything starts out nice and easy: We are not going to overregulate you. But it never goes down; it always ratchets up. Are they unaware that the most be-nign and well-intended regulations of the 1970s are now written and rewritten by a President mad with regulatory zeal? For those who are unaware of the devastation the EPA has wreaked upon our people, I request that you come and visit us in Eastern Kentucky. Come and visit us in West Virginia. The EPA’s War on Coal has spread a trail of despair amongst a proud peo-ple. Many of these counties have unem-ployment over twice the national aver-age. The regulations that are crippling and destroying our jobs in Kentucky were not passed by Congress; these job- killing regulations are monsters that emerged from the toxic swamp of Big Government bureaucrats at the EPA. The Obama-Clinton War on Coal large-ly came from regulations that were ex-tensions of seemingly bland, well-in-tended laws in the early 1970s, laws like the Clean Water Act that were well-in-tended, legislating that you can’t dis-charge pollutants into a navigable stream. I am for that, but somehow the courts and the bureaucrats came to de-cide that dirt was a pollutant and your backyard might have a nexus to a pud-dle that has a nexus to a ditch that was frequented by a migratory bird that once flew from the Great Lakes, so your backyard is the same as the Great Lakes now. It has become obscene and absurd, but it was all from well-inten-tioned, reasonable regulations that have gotten out of control. Now the EPA can jail you for putting dirt on your own land. Robert Lucas was given 10 years in prison for putting dirt on his own land. Now, since that craziness has in-fected the EPA, we now have the Feds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.061 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3508 June 7, 2016 
asserting regulatory control over the majority of the land in the States. Will the Federal takeover of the chemical regulations eventually morph into a war on chemical companies, similar to what happened to the coal industry? I don’t know, but it concerns me enough to examine the bill closely. Anytime we are told that everyone is for something, anytime we are told that we should stand aside and not challenge the status quo, I become sus-picious that it is precisely the time someone needs to look very closely at what is happening. I also worry about Federal laws that preempt State laws. Admittedly, some-times States, such as California, go overboard and they regulate businesses out of existence or at least chase them to another State. However, California’s excess is Texas’s benefit. I grew up along the Texas coast. Many of my family members work in the chemical industry. Texas has be-come a haven because of its location and its reasonable regulations. Because Texas and Louisiana have such a mutually beneficial relationship with the chemical industry, it is hard to imagine a time when the Texas or the Louisiana Legislature would vote to overregulate or to ignore the cost of new regulations. It is not in their best interest. But it is much easier to imag-ine a time when 47 other States gang up on Texas, Louisiana, and Oklahoma to ratchet up a Federal regulatory re-gime to the point at which it chokes and suffocates businesses and their jobs. Think it can’t happen? Come and visit me in Kentucky. Come and see the devastation. Come and see the un-employment that has come from EPA’s overzealous regulation. How can it be that the very busi-nesses that face this threat support this bill, support the federalization of regulation? I am sure they are sincere. They want uniformity and predict-ability—admirable desires. They don’t want the national standard of regula-tions to devolve to the worst standard of regulations. California regulators— yes, I am talking about you. Yet the bill before us grandfathers in Califor-nia’s overbearing regulations. It only prevents them from getting worse. But everyone must realize that this bill also preempts friendly States, such as Texas and Louisiana, from con-tinuing to be friendly States. As Fed-eral regulations gradually or quickly grow, Texas and Louisiana will no longer be able to veto the excesses of Washington. Regulations that would never pass the Texas or Louisiana State Legislature will see limited op-position in Washington. Don’t believe me? Come and see me in Kentucky and see the devastation the EPA has wrought in my State. So why in the world would businesses come to Washington and want to be regulated? Nothing perplexes me more or makes me madder than when busi-nesses come to Washington to lobby for regulations. Unfortunately, it is be-coming the norm, not the exception. Lately, the call to federalize regula-tions has become a cottage industry for companies to come to Washington and beg for Federal regulations to super-sede troublesome State regulations. It seems like every day businesses come to my office to complain about regu-latory abuse, and then they come back later in the day and say: Oh, and by the way, can you vote for Federal regula-tions on my business because the State regulations are killing me? But then a few years later, they come back—the same businesses—and they complain that the regulatory agencies are ratcheting up the regulations. Food distributors clamor for Federal regulations on labeling. Restaurants advocate for national menu standards. Now that we have Federal standards, lo and behold, we also have Federal menu crimes. You can be imprisoned in America for posting the wrong calorie count on your menu. I am not making this up. You can be put in prison for putting down the wrong calorie count. We have to be wary of giving more power to the Federal legislature. With this bill, chemical companies lobby for Federal regulations to pre-empt State legislation. None of them seem concerned that the Federal regu-lations will preempt not only aggres-sive regulatory States, such as Cali-fornia, but also market-oriented States, friendly States, such as Texas and Louisiana. So the less onerous Fed-eral regulations may initially preempt overly zealous regulatory States, but when the Federal regulations evolve into a more onerous standard, which they always have, there will no longer be any State laboratories left to exer-cise freedom. Texas and Louisiana will no longer be free to host chemical com-panies as the Federal agencies ratchet higher. Proponents of the bill will say: Well, Texas and Louisiana can opt out; there is a waiver. Guess who has to approve the waiver. The head of the EPA. Any-body know of a recent head of the EPA friendly to business who will give them a waiver on a Federal regulation? It won’t work. The pro-regulation business commu-nity argues that they are being over-whelmed by State regulations, and I don’t disagree. But what can be done short of federalizing regulations? What about charging more in the States that have the costly regulations? In Vermont, they have mandated GMO la-beling, which will cost a fortune. Ei-ther quit selling to them or jack up the price to make them pay for the label-ing. Do you think the Socialists in Vermont might reconsider their laws if they have to pay $2 more for a Coke or for a Pepsi to pay for the absurd label-ing? What could chemical companies do to fight overzealous regulatory States? What they already do—move to friend-ly States. If California inappropriately regulates your chemicals, charge them more and by all means, move. Get the heck out of California. Come to Ken-tucky. We would love to have your business. What these businesses that favor fed-eralization of regulation fail to under-stand is that the history of Federal regulations is a dismal one. Well-in-tended, limited regulations morph into ill-willed, expansive, and intrusive reg-ulations. What these businesses fail to grasp is that while States like Cali-fornia and Vermont may pass burden-some, expensive regulations, other States, like Texas, Tennessee, and Ken-tucky, are relative havens for business. When businesses plead for Federal reg-ulations to supersede ill-conceived reg-ulations in California and Vermont, they fail to understand that once regu-lations are centralized, the history of regulations in Washington is only to grow. Just witness regulations in bank-ing and health care. Does anyone re-member ever seeing a limited, reason-able Federal standard that stayed lim-ited and reasonable? It is not new in Washington for busi-nesses to lobby to be regulated. Some hospitals advocated for ObamaCare and now complain that it is bankrupting them. Some small banks advocated for Dodd-Frank regulations, and now they complain the regulators are assaulting them as well. The bill before us gives the Adminis-trator of the EPA the power to decide at a later date how to and to what ex-tent he or she will regulate the chem-ical industry. In fact, more than 100 times this bill leaves the discretionary authority to the EPA to make deci-sions on creating new rules; 100 times it says the Administrator of the EPA shall at a later date decide how to reg-ulate. That is a blank check to the EPA. It is a mistake. Does anyone want to hazard a guess as to how many pages of regulations will come from this bill? The current Code of Federal Regulations is 237 vol-umes and more than 178,000 pages. If ObamaCare is any guide, it will be at least 20 pages of regulations for every page of legislation. Using the ObamaCare standard, this bill will give us nearly 2,000 pages of regulations. ObamaCare was about 1,000 pages. The regulations from ObamaCare have morphed into nearly 20,000 pages. It is not hard to see how this bill, which re-quires review of more than 85,000 chemicals now on the market, could quickly eclipse that lofty total. No one disputes that this bill in-creases the power of the EPA. This is an important point. No one disputes that this bill increases the power of the EPA. No one disputes that this bill transfers power from the States to the Federal Government. The National Journal recognizes and describes this bill as granting extensive new author-ity to the EPA. If you don’t think that is a problem, come to Kentucky and meet the 16,000 people in my State who have lost their jobs because of the overregulatory nature of the EPA. Ask them what they think of Hillary Clin-ton’s plan to continue putting coal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.073 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3509 June 7, 2016 
miners out of business in my State. Ask them what they think of granting extensive new authority to the EPA. Look these coal miners in the face and tell them to trust you and that your bill will not increase EPA’s power. Tell them to trust you. Is there anything in the recent his-tory of regulatory onslaught that indi-cates a reasonable Federal standard will remain reasonable? When starting out, everybody says that they are going to preempt these terrible States like California. It is going to preempt California and Vermont and all of these terrible liberal States, and it will be a low level. Business was involved so business has made it a low and easy standard for chemicals. It will be ratcheted up because regulations never get better; they always get worse. I rise today to oppose granting new power to the EPA. I wish we were here today to do the opposite—to vote to re-strain the EPA and make sure that they balance regulations and jobs. I wish we were here today to vote for the REINS Act that requires new regula-tions to be voted on by Congress before they become enforceable. Instead, this legislation will inevitably add hun-dreds of new regulations. I rise today to oppose this bill be-cause it preempts the Constitution’s intentions for the Federal Government. I rise today to oppose this bill be-cause the recent history of the EPA is one that has shown no balance, no quarter, and no concern for thousands of Kentuckians they have put out of work. I rise today to oppose this bill be-cause I can’t in good conscience, as a Kentuckian, vote to make the Federal EPA stronger. I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Okla-homa. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I am prepared to make a unanimous consent request. I don’t have the wording yet, but I will momentarily, so I will not take the floor at this time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, if I might make an inquiry about the order. Sen-ator W
HITEHOUSE and I were about to engage in a colloquy. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware is recognized. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to engage in a col-loquy with Senator W
HITEHOUSE of Rhode Island for up to 20 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I am so pleased to join my colleague, the Sen-ator from Rhode Island, to discuss one of the most important issues facing fu-ture generations in our world, which is climate change, an issue that also di-rectly affects both of our coastal and low-lying States. Many may know Delaware’s status as the first State to ratify the Constitu-tion, but I think few of my colleagues are aware that Delaware is also our country’s lowest lying State. We have the lowest mean elevation. This status comes with certain challenges, espe-cially with nearly 400 miles of exposed shoreline. That means no part of our State is more than 30 miles from the coast, so the good news is that no mat-ter where you live in my home State, it takes less than 30 minutes to get to sun and sand. But the challenge is that we are particularly vulnerable to the in-creasing effects of climate change. In recent years, we have seen how flooding can devastate homes and com-munities up and down our State. Low- lying neighborhoods often don’t have the resources to cope with steadily in-creasing flooding. A community such as Southbridge in Wilmington—pic-tured to my right—has been dispropor-tionately affected. Environmental justice has long been a concern of mine and of Senator WHITEHOUSE . We had the opportunity to visit the neighborhood of Southbridge. Southbridge is signifi-cantly flooded every time it rains more than an inch or two. With subsidence, the steady sinking of the land, and with sea level rise acting in combina-tion in my State, we will simply see more and more challenges from severe flooding due to sea level rise around the globe and in my home State. It is not just houses and neighbor-hoods that are threatened by sea level rise; it also affects businesses and en-tire industries. There is a broad range of long-established industries and busi-nesses in my State that are placed in coastal areas because of the history of our settlement and development. Somewhere between 15 and 25 percent of all the land used for heavy industry in my State will likely be inundated by sea level rise by the end of the century, and that doesn’t even include all of the other productive land use for agri-culture and tourism that contribute to jobs and revenue in my home State. Despite our small size and our sig-nificant exposure, we also punch above our weight when it comes to tackling the challenges of climate change. In places like Southbridge, our commu-nities have come together at the State and local level to find creative solu-tions to cope with the flooding that is increasingly caused by climate change. This image demonstrates a plan that has been developed for the South Wil-mington wetlands project. Senator W
HITEHOUSE may describe his visit to the State of Delaware in more detail, but I wanted to open simply by describ-ing this community response to the flooding that we saw in the previous slide. We have come together as a com-munity to plan a cleanup of a brownfield area to create a safe and at-tractive park for the neighborhood and to improve water quality and drainage in a way that also creates new eco-systems, new opportunities for recre-ation, and a new future for a commu-nity long blighted and often under water. That is not the only example of the many actions that have been taken by my home State of Delaware. Delaware also participates in RGGI, the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, a collection of nine mid-Atlantic and northeastern States, including Rhode Island, that have joined together to implement market-based policies to reduce emis-sions. Since 2009, the participating States have reduced our carbon emissions by 20 percent while also experiencing stronger economic growth in the rest of the country, which I view as proof that fighting climate change and strengthening our economy are not mutually exclusive exchangeable goals. In fact, over the past 6 years, Dela-ware has reduced its greenhouse gas emissions more than any State in the entire United States. We have done that by growing our solar capacity 6,000 percent through multiple utility- scale projects and distributed solar. We have also done our best to adapt to cli-mate change through community and State-led planning. Our Governor Jack Markell and former Delaware Sec-retary Collin O’Mara led a fantastic bottom-up, State-wide level planning effort to address the impacts of climate change on water, agriculture, eco-systems, infrastructure, and public health. In December of 2014, they re-leased their climate framework for Delaware—an impressive statewide ef-fort to be prepared for what is coming before it is too late. I believe Delaware is an example of how communities that are most vul-nerable to climate change can work to-gether across public and private sec-tors to meet the challenges of climate change head-on. That is why I invited my friend and colleague Senator WHITEHOUSE . He is a true leader in the work to address climate change, not only in his home State of Rhode Island but across our country, and he has paid a visit to my State. Every week, Senator W
HITEHOUSE  gives a speech on a different aspect of climate change, and I was proud to par-ticipate today in his weekly speech on the topic and thrilled to welcome him to my home State in May as part of his ongoing effort. Before I yield the floor to Senator W
HITEHOUSE , I just want to talk about one other stop on our statewide tour— a stop in Prime Hook, one of Dela-ware’s two national wildlife refuges. The beach in Prime Hook over the last 60 years has receded more than 500 feet. Over the last decade, storms have bro-ken through the dune line several times, flooding 4,000 acres of previously freshwater marsh. When Hurricane Sandy hit this al-ready fragile shoreline, leaving this coastline battered, as we can see here, it broke through completely and per-manently flooded and destroyed the freshwater marsh. The storm deepened 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.075 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3510 June 7, 2016 
and widened the beach from 300 feet to about 1,500 feet and exacerbated rou-tine flooding on local roads used by the community to access the beach. For a delicate ecosystem like this wildlife refuge, this type of severe weather and flooding can be dev-astating. Over the last 3 years, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has worked in tandem with other Federal agencies, State partners, and NGOs to restore this highly damaged fragile ecosystem and rebuild the beach’s defenses. It is a long story, but you can see the punch line here. As of 2016, construc-tion of a newly designed, resloped, re-developed barrier has been completed. Senator W
HITEHOUSE has also had the opportunity to visit this area. The fin-ished project will be a saltwater marsh that I am confident will contribute sig-nificantly to a durable, resilient, and long-term ecosystem. This is just one example of the cre-ative things we are doing in Delaware to address the impacts of climate change and sea level rise. In some ways I think the most important and excit-ing was the last stop in our statewide visit. With that I will turn it over to Sen-ator W
HITEHOUSE to discuss in more de-tail his visit to Delaware and our last visit to the southernmost part of my home State. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am really grateful to the junior Sen-ator from Delaware for inviting me to his home State and for joining me here today for my ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech No. 139. Senator C
OONS and I spent a terrific day touring the Delaware shore. You can say whatever you want about us, but on that day we were the two wet-test Members of the U.S. Senate. I can assure you of that. This is Capitol Hill Ocean Week, and Wednesday is World Oceans Day, so it is a good time to consider the effects of global climate change in our oceans. The oceans have absorbed one-third of all carbon dioxide produced since the industrial revolution and over 90 per-cent of the excess heat that has re-sulted. That means that by laws of both physics and chemistry, the oceans are warming, rising, and acidifying. Rhode Island is the Ocean State, but give Delaware credit. From the last re-port in 2013, it generated around $1 bil-lion and over 23,000 jobs from the ocean based in tourism, recreation, shipping, and fishing. Like Rhode Island, Dela-ware sees its sea level rise at a rate of 3
1⁄3millimeters per year along the Delaware shore, 13 inches up over the last 100 years. Delawareans care about this issue. Over a quarter have reported personally experiencing the effects of sea level rise, two-thirds worry about the effects of sea level rise, and over 75 percent called on the State to take im-mediate action to combat climate change and sea level rise. I did enjoy our visit in South Wil-mington, and I enjoyed the visit to Port Mahon, where the roads had to be built up with riffraff to protect against sea level rise. But the real prize and the prime reason I went was Port Mahon’s avian connection. Among the sandpipers, ruddy turnstones, and gulls we saw on the shore was a bird called the rufa red knot. Red knots stand out from other shore birds on the beach not only for their colorful burnt orange plumage but also for the amazing story that accompanies their arrival in Dela-ware each spring. This is a story to love, and I guess you would have to say a bird to admire. They have only about a 20-inch wing-span at full growth, and the body is only about the size of a teacup, but each spring these red knots undertake an epic 9,000-plus mile voyage from Tierra del Fuego on the southern tip of South America up to the Canadian Arc-tic. After spending the summer nesting in the Arctic, they make the return trip south to winter in the Southern Hemisphere. This little bird has one of the longest animal migrations of any species on Earth. How does Delaware come into this? Well, the red knots fly straight from Brazil to Delaware Bay. As you can imagine, when they get there, they are hungry. They have lost as much as half their weight. We were told they start to ingest their own organs toward the end. Delaware Bay is the largest horse-shoe crab spawning area in the world. Each May, horseshoe crabs lay millions of eggs. Nearly 2 million horseshoe crabs were counted in Delaware Bay in 2015, and a female can lay up to 90,000 eggs per spawning season. Do the math. That is a lot of eggs. The red knots come here timed just so by mother nature to bulk up on the nutritious horseshoe crab eggs to re-plenish their wasted bodies from the long flight to Delaware Bay and to fuel up for the 2,000 further miles of journey to the Canadian Arctic. I wanted to see this before it ends. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has listed the red knot as threatened under the Endangered Species Act because ‘‘successful annual migration and breeding of red knots is highly depend-ent on the timing of departures and ar-rivals to coincide with favorable food and weather conditions in the spring and fall migratory stopover areas and on the Arctic breeding grounds.’’ Cli-mate change can bollix up that timing. We are already seeing that in a dif-ferent subspecies of red knots that mi-grate north along the West African coast. A study published in the journal Science last month found that the ear-lier melt of Arctic snow is accelerating the timeline for the hatching of insects in spring, leading to smaller birds. The chicks, being less strong, begin to weaken and can’t feed as successfully, and it cascades through an array of further difficulties. You actually have to love this unas-suming and astounding little bird, but its survival relies on a cascade of na-ture’s events to line up just right. Na-ture throws a long bomb from Tierra del Fuego, where these birds start, and off they go. Months later they arrive in Delaware Bay timed to this 450 million- year-old creature, the horseshoe crab, emerging from Delaware Bay to spawn. If one environmental event comes too early or too late or if one food source becomes too limited, the species could collapse. We got ahead of that in the 1990s when horseshoe crabs became rare be-cause they were overfished. As their numbers went down, the red knot fell in accord. If the changes we are so recklessly putting in motion on the planet disturb nature’s fateful plan-ning, the red knot could pay a sad price. Some people may snicker and say: There he goes again. Now he is on the Senate floor talking about some stupid bird. But I say this: When one sees the voyage that this bird has to make, a little shore bird used to running along the shore making this epic voyage every year—one of them has been measured, because of a tag on its ankle, to have flown the distance from here to the moon and halfway back in its life—if one can’t see the hand of God in that creature, I weep for their soul. So I thank my colleague from Dela-ware for his staff and the experts he brought along to help us learn about this. Like Rhode Island, Delaware has been proactive in planning for the risks that we face in a warmer and wetter fu-ture. I yield the floor to the distinguished junior Senator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. With that, Mr. Presi-dent, I want to conclude by com-menting that our day together began and ended with citizen science. The very first thing we did was to visit Delaware’s national park to participate in a bio blitz, where volunteers from all over the country were identifying spe-cies and categorizing the threats to them from climate change. The very last thing we did was to count horse-shoe crabs along the Cape Henlopen shore. I must say that my colleague from Rhode Island, even though there was driving rain and there were dif-ficult conditions, was passionate and determined to do everything we could to contribute to the counting effort of the horseshoe crabs that day. It was a terrific opportunity to see a State that is engaged in planning and preparation and to witness one of the most remark-able migrations across our globe. I want to express my gratitude to Senator W
HITEHOUSE for his leadership on this issue. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Will the Senator yield for a question? Mr. COONS. The Senator will yield for a question. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Were we, indeed, the two wettest Senators that day? Mr. COONS. We were, indeed, the most persistently wet Senators in the entire country by the end of a very wet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.076 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3511 June 7, 2016 
and very fulfilling day up and down the State of Delaware. With that, I thank my colleague from Rhode Island. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. 
f 
TSCA MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Senate the message to accompany H.R. 2576. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the House agree to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2576) entitled ‘‘An Act to modernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, and for other purposes.’’ with an amendment to the Senate amendment. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment. I ask unanimous consent that there now be 45 minutes of debate on the mo-tion, and that following the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the motion to concur. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. For the information of Senators, this will allow us to pass this bill tonight by voice vote. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that for that 45 minutes of debate, the Senator from California, Mrs. B
OXER , be recognized for 10 minutes; followed by the Senator from Lou-isiana, Mr. V
ITTER ; and then go back and forth in 5-minute increments. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Reserving the right to object, Mr. President, I want to make a little clarification. Senator U
DALL has asked for 10 min-utes. If we could use our time, allowing this Senator 10 minutes, and then after Senator V
ITTER ’s time, we would go to Senator U
DALL for 10 minutes and then back to the other side. Then Senator M
ARKEY wanted 5 minutes and Senator W
HITEHOUSE wanted 5 minutes as well— if it would go in that order as stated, with 10 for myself, 10 for Senator U
DALL , 5 for Senator M ARKEY , and 5 for Senator W
HITEHOUSE . Mr. INHOFE. I believe that adds up to our 45 minutes, and I will just not speak until after the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to modifying the request? Mrs. BOXER. There would be 5 min-utes left, if that is all right. Mr. INHOFE. I will amend my unani-mous consent request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I want to start off by thanking my dear friend, Senator I
NHOFE . We have had a wonderful relationship when it comes to the infrastructure issues. We have not worked terribly well together on environmental issues, but because of both of our staffs and the Members of our committee on both sides of the aisle, we were able to tough it out and come up with a bill that I absolutely believe is better than current law. I will be entering into the RECORD ad-ditional views by four leading Demo-cratic negotiators—myself, Senator U
DALL , Senator M ERKLEY , and Senator M
ARKEY . I rise in support of H.R. 2576, the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. I spoke at length about this before, so I won’t go on for a long time. But I do want to re-iterate that the journey to this mo-ment has been the most complicated journey I have ever had to take on any piece of legislation, and I have been around here for a long time. It was a critical journey. When nam-ing a bill after Senator Lautenberg, who fought for the environment all his life, the bill must be worthy of his name, and, finally, this bill is. It didn’t start out that way. I used every prerogative I had, every tool in my arsenal to bring it down until it got better, and it is better. It is better than current law. Asbestos, for example, is one of the most harmful chemicals known to hu-mankind, and it takes 15,000 lives a year. It is linked to a deadly form of lung cancer called mesothelioma. Peo-ple can breathe in these fibers deep into their lungs where they cause seri-ous damage. We have addressed asbes-tos in this bill. We didn’t ban it on this bill, which I support—and I have stand- alone legislation to do that—but we have made asbestos a priority in this bill. Flame retardants are another cat-egory of dangerous chemicals. They have been linked to a wide array of se-rious health problems, including can-cer, reduced IQ, developmental delays, obesity, and reproductive difficulties. These harmful chemicals have been added to dozens of everyday items such as furniture and baby products. So when we are talking about TSCA re-forming the toxic laws, we are not just talking about a conversation, we are not just talking about a theory, we are not talking about something you would address in a classroom. We are talking about our families. Now, the negotiations have been challenging. Many organizations in many States stood strong despite the pressure to step back, and I am so grateful to them for their persistence. I especially want to thank the 450 orga-nizations that were part of the Safer Chemicals, Healthy Families coalition that worked with me, as well as the As-bestos Disease Awareness Organization for their efforts. Without them, I would not have had the ability to negotiate important improvements. Let me highlight briefly a few of the most important changes in the final bill. I can’t go one more minute with-out thanking the two people who are sitting right behind me, Bettina Poirier, who is my chief of staff on the committee and chief counsel, and Jason Albritton, who is my senior ad-viser. They worked tirelessly—through the night sometimes—with Senator INHOFE ’s staff. Without their work, we never would have gotten to this point, and we never would have gotten to a bill worthy of Frank’s name, and it means a great deal to me. The first major area of improvement is the preemption of State restrictions on toxic chemicals. In the final bill, we were able to make important excep-tions to the preemption provisions. First, the States are free to take whatever action they want on any chemical until EPA has taken a series of steps to study a particular chemical. Second, when EPA announces the chemicals they are studying, the States still have up to a year and a half to take action on these particular chemicals to avoid preemption until the EPA takes final action. Third, even after EPA announces its regulation, the States have the ability to get a waiver so they can still regu-late the chemical, and we have made improvements to that waiver to make it easier for States to act. For chemicals that industry has asked EPA to study, we made sure that States are not preempted until EPA issues a final restriction on the chem-ical, and for that I really want to thank our friends in the House. They put a lot of effort into that. The first 10 chemicals EPA evaluates under the bill are also exempted from preemption until the final rule is issued. Also, State or local restrictions on a chemical that were in place before April 22, 2016, will not be preempted. So I want to say, as someone who comes from the great State of Cali-fornia—home to almost 40 million peo-ple and which has a good strong pro-gram—we protected you. Would I rath-er have written this provision myself? Of course, and if I had written it myself I would have set a floor in terms of this standard and allowed the States to take whatever action they wanted to make it tougher. But this was not to be. This was not to be. So because I couldn’t get that done, what we were able to get done were those four or five improvements that I cited. The States that may be watching this debate can really gear up and move forward right now. There is time. You can continue the work on regula-tions you passed before April. You can also have a year and a half once EPA announces the chemical, and if they don’t announce anything, you can go back to doing what you did before. An EPA that is not funded right, I say to my dearest friend on the floor today, is not going to do anything. So the States will have the ability to do it. I would hope we would fund the EPA so we have a strong Federal program and strong State programs as well. But we will have to make sure that the EPA doesn’t continually get cut. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.078 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3512 June 7, 2016 
The second area of improvement con-cerns asbestos. I think I have talked about that before. It is covered in this bill. The third area of improvement con-cerns cancer clusters. This one is so dear to my heart and to the heart of my Republican colleague, Senator C
RAPO . We wrote a bill together called the Community Disease Cluster Assist-ance Act, or ‘‘Trevor’s Law.’’ Trevor’s Law provides localities that ask for it a coordinated response to cancer clus-ters in their communities. What Trevor taught us from his expe-rience with a horrible cancer is that sometimes these outbreaks occur and no one knows why. Yet it is considered a local issue. Now, if the local commu-nity requests it—if they request it— they will get help. Fourth, we have something called persistent chemicals. Those are chemi-cals that build up in your body. You just don’t get rid of them. They are a priority in this legislation. Fifth, another one that is dear to my heart and dear to the heart of Senator M
ANCHIN and Senator C APITO is this provision that ensures that toxic chemicals stored neared drinking water are prioritized. This provision was prompted by the serious spill that contaminated the drinking water sup-plies in West Virginia in 2014, causing havoc and disruption. They didn’t know what the chemical was. It got into the water. They didn’t know what to do. As we all remember, it was a nightmare for the people there—no more. Now we are going to make sure that the EPA knows what is stored near drinking water supplies. The sixth is very important and is something that got negotiated in the dead of night. I want to thank Senator I
NHOFE ’s staff for working with my staff on this. The bill enables EPA to order independent testing if there are safety concerns about a chemical, and these tests will be paid for by the chemical manufacturer. I also want to thank Members of the House who real-ly brought this to us. Finally, even the standard for evalu-ating whether a chemical is dangerous is far better than in the old TSCA. The bill requires EPA to evaluate chemi-cals based on risks, not costs, and con-siders the impact on vulnerable popu-lations. This is really critical. The old law was useless. So all of these fixes make this bill better than current Fed-eral law. Looking forward, I want to make a point. This new TSCA law will only be as good as the EPA is good. With a good EPA, we can deliver a much safer environment for the American people— safer products, less exposure to harm-ful toxics, and better health for our people. With a bad EPA that does not value these goals, not much will get done. But, again, if a bad EPA takes no action, States will be free to act. Mr. President, I ask for 30 additional seconds, and I will wrap this up. Mr. INHOFE. Reserving the right to object, we do have this down with five people. Mrs. BOXER. I ask unanimous con-sent for 30 seconds. I am just going to end with 30 seconds, and I will add 30 seconds to your side. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. BOXER. I say to the States: You are free to act with a bad EPA. Com-pared to where we started, we have a much better balance between the States and the Federal Government. It is not perfect. The bills I worked on with Frank did not do this. They did not preempt the States. But because of this challenging journey, we respected each other on both sides, we listened to each other on both sides, and today is a day we can feel good about. We have a decent bill, a Federal pro-gram, and the States will have a lot of latitude to act. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I rise also to laud a really significant achievement that we are going to final-ize tonight with the final passage of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. This much needed bill will provide updates that have been due literally for decades to the Toxic Substances Con-trol Act of 1976, known as TSCA for short, which has been outdated and overdue for updating since almost that time. Now, getting to where we are to-night, about to pass this by an over-whelming vote, following the 403-to-12 vote in the House a few weeks ago, did not happen overnight. In fact, it took about 5-plus years. In 2011 I started discussions with a broad array of folks, certainly includ-ing Senator Lautenberg. That is when I first sat down with Frank and started this process in a meaningful way and when we agreed that we would try to bridge the significant differences be-tween our two viewpoints and come up with a strong bipartisan bill. That same year I also sat down with J
OHN SHIMKUS of Illinois to let him know that Frank and I were going to put in a lot of effort to come up with this framework, and we wanted him to be a full and equal and contributing partner. Over the next year and a half, we slogged through that process of try-ing to come up with a strong bipartisan bill. It wasn’t easy. Between Senator Lautenberg and myself and our staffs and other staffs, there was an often brutal stretch of difficult negotiations and challenging times, testing everybody’s patience. Several times we walked away to come back together again. Finally, it did come together. In early 2013, that really started taking shape. Toward the end of April 2013, we were far enough along to lock a small group of staff and experts in a room to finalize that first bipartisan bill. There were folks like Bryan Zumwalt, my chief counsel then; Dimitri Karakitsos, who is my counsel and is now a key staffer who continues on the EPW Committee; Senator Lautenberg’s chief counsel, Ben Dunham; and his chemical adviser, Brendan Bell. That led finally to this first bipar-tisan bill that we introduced on May 23, 2013. Now, that wasn’t the end of our TSCA journey. Unfortunately, in many ways, the most difficult segment of that journey was soon after that in-troduction on May 23, because on June 3, just a few weeks later, Frank passed. The single greatest champion of re-forming how chemicals are regulated died at 89 years of age. That was heartbreaking. But it was a moment when all of us who had been involved only redoubled our commit-ment to following this through to the end. Soon after Frank’s unfortunate passing, our colleague TOMUDALL real-ly stepped up to the plate in a major way to take Frank’s role as the Demo-cratic lead in this effort. We had a quiet dinner one night here on Capitol Hill to talk about our commitment to carry on this fight and get it done. We formed a partnership and a friendship that was really built around this work with an absolute commitment to get that done. I will always be so thankful to T
OMand his partnership and also to his great staff, including their senior policy adviser, Jonathan Black. As with most major undertakings, we had a lot of other help all along the way. Early on, at that stage of the process, Senators C
RAPO and A LEX-
ANDER were extremely helpful. Also, a little later on, Senators B
OOKER , M
ERKLEY , and M ARKEY did a lot to ad-vance the ball and refine the product. Of course, at every step of the way, I continued to meet and talk with Con-gressman J
OHNSHIMKUS . He was a per-sistent and a reliable partner in this process, as was his senior policy ad-viser, Chris Sarley. Throughout this process, staff was absolutely essential and monumental. They did yeoman’s work in very, very difficult and trying circumstances. I mentioned Bryan Zumwalt, my former chief counsel. He was a driving force behind this. I deeply appreciate and ac-knowledge his work, as well as some-one else I mentioned, Dimitri Karakitsos, who continues to work as a key staffer on the committee and who is seeing this over the goal line. Let me also thank Ben Dunham, the former chief counsel to Senator Lau-tenberg. I think in the beginning, par-ticularly, Ben, Bryan, and Dimitri gave each other plenty of help but worked through very difficult negotiations to get it done. Also, I want to thank Jonathan Black and Drew Wallace in Senator U
DALL ’s office and Michal Freedhoff and Adrian Deveny in Senator M
AR-
KEY’s office. On the outside, there are a lot of ex-perts from all sorts of stakeholders across the political spectrum, certainly including industry representatives with the American Chemistry Council. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.080 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3513 June 7, 2016 
I want to thank Mike Walls, Dell Perelman, Rudy Underwood, Amy DuVall, Robert Flagg, and, of course their leader, Cal Dooley. Finally, there is one enormous figure who is owed a great debt of gratitude and a lot of credit for seeing this over the goal line tonight; that is, Frank’s better half—and I say that with deep respect and admiration to Frank, but surely his better half—Bonnie Lauten-berg. She has been called the 101st Sen-ator, particularly on this issue. She was devoted to seeing Frank’s work completed. I thank her for her relent-less effort reaching out to Members in the House and Senate and stakeholders to make sure this happened. As I mentioned at the beginning, this is long overdue. All stakeholders across the political spectrum agreed for dec-ades that this aspect of the law needed to be updated. We needed to fully pro-tect public health and safety, which we all want to do. We also needed to en-sure that American companies, which are world leaders today in science, re-search, and innovation remain so and do not get put behind a regulatory sys-tem which is overly burdensome and unworkable. This TSCA reform bill, properly named after Frank Lautenberg, achieves those goals. It is a positive, workable compromise in the best sense of that term, so that we will achieve public health and safety. It ensures that our leading American companies, great scientists, great innovators, and great world leaders in this sector re-main just that and that they remain the world leaders we want and need them to continue to be. So I thank all of those who have con-tributed to this long but ultimately successful and worthwhile effort. With that, I look forward to our vote. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, let me just initially, while Senator V
ITTER is still on the floor here, thank him so much. He was a great partner in terms of working on this piece of legislation thoroughly through the process over 3 years. We met, I think, about 3 years ago and had a dinner and decided, after Frank Lautenberg had died—he did a lot of work on the bill—that we would pick it up and make it happen. He has been a man of his word, and it has been a real pleasure working with him. Let me just say about Chairman I
NHOFE that what they say in the Sen-ate is that if you have a strong chair-man, you can get a bill done. He has been remarkable in terms of his strength and his perseverance in terms of moving this bill. So we are at a very, very historic point today. I think I would call it a historic moment. I thank the Senator. It has been a pleas-ure working with the Senator. I en-joined working with the Senator when I was on the committee, and I am going to enjoy working with Chairman I
NHOFE in the future in terms of many other issues that come before us in the Senate. I don’t have any doubt that this is a historic moment several years and Congresses in the making. For the first time in 40 years, the United States of America will have a chemical safety program that works and that protects our families from dangerous chemicals in their daily lives. This is significant. Most Americans believe that when they buy a product at the hardware store or the grocery store, that product has been tested and determined to be safe. But that is not the case. Americans are exposed to hundreds of chemicals from household items. We carry them around with us in our bod-ies and even before we are born. Some are known as carcinogens, others as highly toxic. But we don’t know the full extent of how they affect us be-cause they have never been tested. When this bill becomes law, there will finally be a cop on the beat. Today, under the old TSCA, review-ing chemicals is discretionary. When this bill is law, the EPA will be re-quired to methodically review all exist-ing chemicals for safety, starting with the worst offenders. Today, the old law requires that the EPA consider the costs and benefits of regulation when studying the safety of chemicals. Very soon, EPA will have to consider only the health and environmental impacts of a chemical. If they demonstrate a risk, EPA will have to regulate. Very soon, it will be enshrined in the law that the EPA most protect the most vulnerable people—pregnant women, infants, the elderly, and chem-ical workers. Today, the old TSCA puts burdensome testing requirements on the EPA. To test a chemical, the EPA has to show a chemical possesses a po-tential risk, and then it has to go through a long rulemaking process. Very soon, EPA will have authority to order testing without those hurdles. Today, the old TSCA allows new chemicals to go to market without any real review, an average of 750 a year. Very soon, the EPA will be required to determine that all chemicals are safe before they go to the market. Today, the old TSCA allows compa-nies to hide information about their products, claiming it is confidential business information, even in an emer-gency. Very soon, we will ensure that companies can no longer hide this vital information. States, medical professionals and the public will have access to the informa-tion they need to keep communities safe. Businesses will have to justify when they keep information confiden-tial. That right will expire after 10 years. Today, the old TSCA underfunds the EPA so it doesn’t have the re-sources to do its job. Very soon, there will be a dedicated funding stream for TSCA. It will re-quire industry to pay its share, $25 mil-lion a year. In addition, this new law will ensure victims can get access to the courts if they are hurt. It will revo-lutionize unnecessary testing on ani-mals, and it will ensure that States can continue to take strong action on dan-gerous chemicals. The Senate is about to pass this leg-islation. It is going to the President, and he will sign it. Over the past sev-eral days, I have gotten the same ques-tion over and over: What made this leg-islation different? Why was the agree-ment possible when other bills stalled? I thought about it quite a bit. It wasn’t that the bill was simple. This was one of the most complex environmental pieces of legislation around. It cer-tainly wasn’t a lack of controversy. This process almost fell apart many times. It certainly wasn’t a lack of in-terest from stakeholders. Many groups were involved, all with strong and pas-sionate views and some with deep dis-trust. We faced countless obstacles, but I think what made this possible was the commitment and the willpower by everyone involved to see good legisla-tion through and endure the slings and the arrows. I say a heartfelt thank-you to everyone involved. I remember having dinner with Sen-ator VITTER one evening early on when I was trying to decide whether I would take up Frank Lautenberg’s work on this bill. There was already plenty of controversy and concern about the bill. Senator V
ITTER and I were not used to working with each other. In fact, we have almost always been on opposite sides. But I left that dinner with the feeling that Senator V
ITTER was com-mitted, that he wanted to see this process through and was willing to do what it would take. For 3 years, I never doubted that. Both of us took more than a little heat. We both had to push hard and get important groups to the table and make sure they stayed at the table. I thank Senator V
ITTER . He has been a true partner in this process. There are many others to thank, and I will, but before I do that, I want to say a few words about this bill’s name-sake. Frank Lautenberg was a cham-pion for public health and a dogged, de-termined leader for TSCA reform. He cared so much for his children and grandchildren that he wanted to leave a better, healthier, safer environment for them. He always said that TSCA re-form would save more lives than any-thing he ever worked on. This is a bittersweet moment for all of us because Frank isn’t here to see this happen, but I have faith that he is watching us and he is cheering us on. His wife Bonnie has been here working as the 101st Senator. She has been a force and inspiration, keeping us going, pushing us when we needed it. She helped us fulfill Frank’s vision. In the beginning, we thought the bill might not ever get introduced in the Senate. We entered this Congress after the Republicans took the majority. Many felt that strong environmental legislation was impossible. They urged us to wait. But many of us felt that 40 years was already too long to wait. We knew we could do it, make it better, and get it passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.081 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3514 June 7, 2016 
Senator C ARPER was one of those key members on the Environment Com-mittee. He gave us legs to get out of the gate. He and Senators M
ANCHIN and C
OONS were among our original cospon-sors. They recognized that we had a great opportunity before us, and I thank them all. They say that in order to get things done in Washington, you need a good, strong chairman, and Chairman I
NHOFE  fits that description. I thank Chairman I
NHOFE and especially his staff, Ryan Jackson and Dimitri Karakitsos. Chairman I
NHOFE ’s team was instru-mental in moving things forward and working with me to ensure that we built the broadest possible support. They knew that with broad support, we could do better than get it out of com-mittee, we could get it across the fin-ish line. There are days when we all feel dis-couraged by gridlock here in Wash-ington, but Chairman I
NHOFE and Sen-ator V
ITTER rose above that. They saw the value of working together across party and across House and Senate. Senators B
OOKER , M ERKLEY , and W
HITEHOUSE all understood that we could work together. I thank them, too, for sticking with this bill and working through differences. As a re-sult of their efforts, the bill gives States stronger protections, it helps re-duce unnecessary testing on animals, and it includes a number of other im-provements. Their staff—Adam Zipkin, Adrian Deveny, and Emily Enderle, among others—were key. A strong bipartisan vote of 15 to 5 out of the committee set us up for action on floor. As many of you know, floor time is valuable and hard to come by and subject to nonpertinent issues. We needed to work to ensure the broadest possible support. We did that with Sen-ators D
URBIN and M ARKEY , our 59th and 60th cosponsors of our legislation. I thank them and their staff members, Jasmine Hunt and Michal Freedhoff, for their important work to improve key aspects of the Federal program, such as fees and implementation dates, and to ensure that we could pass this bill through the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). The time of the Senator has expired. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, has my time expired? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, it has. Mr. UDALL. Thank you very much. Let me just say that I am going to stay over. I thank the two Senators. I am going to stay with Senator I
NHOFE  and thank additional people because I think it is that important, but we have this time agreement, and we need to move on. I yield to Senator M
ARKEY for 5 min-utes, and then we are going to Senator W
HITEHOUSE for 5 minutes unless there is a Republican to intervene. Chairman I
NHOFE , is that correct? Mr. INHOFE. That is right. I would also say that I will forgo my remarks in order to give them more time until after the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time? Mr. UDALL. I yield time to—the agreement, as I understand it, is that Senator MARKEY will speak for 5 min-utes and Senator W
HITEHOUSE for 5 minutes and then back to the Chair. Mr. INHOFE. Yes, that is already a unanimous consent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, today Congress stands ready to reform the last of the core four environmental statutes. It may do so with a stronger bipartisan vote than any other major environmental statute in recent Amer-ican history. For a generation, the American peo-ple have been guinea pigs in a terrible chemical experiment. Told that all the advances in our chemistry labs would make us healthier, happier, and safer, American families have had to suffer with decades of a law that did nothing to ensure that was true. That is be-cause when the industry successfully overturned the EPA’s proposed ban on asbestos, it also rendered the Toxic Substance Control Act all but unus-able. Children shouldn’t be unwitting scientific subjects. Today we have a chance to protect them by reforming this failed law. As ranking Democrat on the Senate subcommittee of jurisdiction, I was one of a handful of Members who partici-pated in an informal conference with the House. With Senators U
DALL , B
OXER , and M ERKLEY , I have prepared a document that is intended to memori-alize certain agreements made in the bicameral negotiations that would typically have been included in a con-ference report. In our work with the House, we truly did take the best of both bills when it came to enhancing EPA’s authority to regulate chemicals. The degree to which States will be preempted as the Federal Government regulates chemicals has been a source of considerable debate since this bill was first introduced. I have always been a very strong supporter of States’ rights to take actions needed to pro-tect their own residents. For many of us, accepting preemption of our States was a difficult decision that we only made as we also secured increases to the robustness of the EPA chemical safety program. I am particularly pleased that efforts I helped lead resulted in the assurance that Massachusetts’ pending flame re-tardant law will not be subjected to pause preemption and that there is a mechanism in the bill to ensure that States’ ongoing work on all chemicals can continue while EPA is studying those chemicals. The fact that the bill is supported by the EPA, the chemical industry, the chamber of commerce, and the trial lawyers tells you something. The fact that a staggering 403 Members of the House of Representatives voted for this TSCA bill—more than the number who agreed to support the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, or the Safe Drinking Water Act amendments when those laws were reauthorized—tells you something. What it tells you is that we worked together on a bipartisan and bi-cameral basis to compromise in the way Americans expect us to. Although there are many people who helped to create this moment, I wish to thank some whose work over the past few months I especially want to recog-nize. I thank Bonnie Lautenberg. On be-half of her husband Frank, she was re-lentless. Senator INHOFE and his staffers, Ryan Jackson and Dimitri Karakitsos, remained as committed to agreements they made about Senate Democratic priorities as they were to their own commitment priorities throughout this process. I couldn’t have imagined a stronger or more constructive partner-ship. I would like to thank Senator U
DALL  and his staffers, Drew Wallace and Jon-athan Black, whose leadership—espe-cially during these challenging mo-ments—was very important. I also thank Senator M
ERKLEY and his staff, Adrian Deveny, whose cre-ativity often led us to legislative breakthroughs, especially when it came to crafting certain preemption compromises. My own staff, Michal Freedhoff, has done little but this for 1 consecutive year. This is her 20th year on my staff. With her Ph.D. in biochemistry—it was invaluable in negotiating with the American Chemistry Council and all other interests. I want to thank many other Mem-bers: Senator B
OXER ; Senator W HITE-
HOUSE and his staff, Bettina, along with B
ARBARA BOXER ; Senator M CCONNELL ; Senator R
EID; Senator D URBIN —all cen-tral players in making sure this legis-lation was here today. I thank the spectacular and hard- working EPA team, all of whom pro-vided us with technical assistance and other help, often late at night and be-fore the dawn. I thank Gina McCarthy, Jim Jones, Wendy Cleland-Hamnet, Ryan Wallace, Priscilla Flattery, Kevin McLean, Brian Grant, David Berol, Laura Vaught, Nicole Distefano, Sven-Erik Kaiser, and Tristan Brown. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time of the Senator has expired. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 1 additional minute. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MARKEY. I also thank Ryan Schmit, Don Sadowsky, and Scott Sherlock. I want to thank Stephenne Harding and Andrew McConville at CEQ, whose day-to-day engagement helped us, espe-cially in these last few weeks. There are some outside stakeholders who worked particularly closely with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.083 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3515 June 7, 2016 
my staff and with me, including An-drew Rogers, Andrew Goldberg, Rich-ard Denison, Joanna Slaney, Mike Walls, Rich Gold, and Scott Faber. I have enjoyed meeting, working with, and partnering with each one of these outstanding people over the last year. This is a huge bill. It is a historic moment. It is going to make a dif-ference in the lives of millions of Americans. It is the most significant environmental law passed in this gen-eration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time of the Senator has expired. Mr. MARKEY. The old law did not work. This one is going to protect the American people. I yield back the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, as the song said, it has been a long, strange trip getting here, and it has had its share of near-death experiences, as Senator U
DALL is intimately aware of. I was involved with Senator M
ERKLEY and Senator B OOKER in one of those near-death experiences. If this was a rocket with stages, one of the major stages was the Merkley-Booker- Whitehouse effort in the committee. I just wanted to say it was the first time the three of us worked together as a triumvirate. They were wonderful to work with. They were truly a pleasure. We had a lot on our plates. We made about a dozen major changes in the bill. I want to take just a moment to thank Emily Enderle on my staff, who was terrific through all of the negotia-tions and renegotiations and counter-negotiations in that stage. But this was obviously a rocket that had many more stages than that one. I thank Chairman I
NHOFE and his staff for their persistence through all of this. Ranking Member B
OXER was relent-less in trying to make this bill as strong as she could make it through every single stage, and it is marked by that persistence. Senator V
ITTER and Senator U DALL  forged the original notion that this compromise could be made to happen, and they have seen it through, so I con-gratulate them. The House had a rather different view of how this bill should look. Be-tween Senator I
NHOFE , Senator U DALL , Representative P
ALLONE , and Rep-resentative U
PTON , they were able to work out a bicameral as well as a bi-partisan compromise that we all could agree to. There are a lot of thanks involved, but I close by offering a particular thank-you to my friend Senator U
DALL . In Greek mythology there is a Titan, Prometheus, who brought fire to humankind. His penalty for bringing fire to humankind was to be strapped to the rock by chains and have Zeus send an eagle to eat his liver every sin-gle day. It is an image of persisting through pain. I do have to say Senator VITTER may have had his issues on his side—I do not know how that looked— but I can promise on our side T
OM U
DALL persisted through months and months of pain, always with the view that this bill could come to the place where this day could happen. There are times when legislation is legislation, and there are times when legislation has a human story behind it. This is a human story of courage, foresight, persistence, patience, and willingness to absorb a considerable number of slings and arrows on the way to a day when slings and arrows are fi-nally put down and everybody can shake hands and agree we have, I think, a terrific victory. While there is much credit in many places, my heart in this is with Senator T
OMUDALL of New Mexico. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, today, while the Nation has been focused on the final six primaries across the Na-tion, the final six State primaries across the Nation, something extraor-dinary is unfolding here on the floor of the Senate. The Senate is taking the final congressional act to send the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act to the Presi-dent’s desk. This is landmark legislation that honors the legacy of our dear colleague Frank Lautenberg. This is landmark legislation that will make a real dif-ference for the health and safety of every American. This is the first sig-nificant environmental legislation to be enacted by this Chamber in 25 years. This bill—this extraordinary bill— brought Democrats and Republicans together to take action to protect pub-lic health. I have been honored to be a part of this coalition as we have worked toward a final bill for over a year. It hasn’t been easy, but things worth doing are rarely easy. A huge thank-you to Senators U
DALL  and V
ITTER , who cosponsored this bill, lead the way; Senators B
OXER and I
NHOFE , the chair and ranking member of the Environment Committee; and Senators M
ARKEY , W HITEHOUSE , and B
OOKER for their leadership and con-tributions throughout this entire proc-ess. Also, a special thank-you to the staff who worked day and night. I know I re-ceived calls from my staff member Adrian Deveny at a variety of hours on a variety of weekends as he worked with other staff members to work out, iron out the challenges that remained, so a special thank-you to Adrian Deveny. Just a short time ago, I had the chance to speak to Bonnie Lautenberg, Frank Lautenberg’s wife. She would have loved to have been here when we took this vote, but she is going to be down in the Capitol next week with children and grandchildren. I hope to get a chance to really thank her in per-son for her husband’s leadership but also for her leadership, her advocacy that we reached this final moment. She said to me: It appears it takes a village to pass a bill. Well, it does. This village was a bipartisan village. This was a bi-cameral village. It has reached a suc-cessful conclusion. In the most powerful Nation on Earth, we should not be powerless to protect our citizens from toxic chemi-cals in everyday products. Today marks a sea shift in which we finally begin to change that. For too long, we have been unable to protect our citi-zens from toxic chemicals that hurt pregnant women and young children, chemicals that hurt our children’s de-velopment, chemicals that cause can-cer. The Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act will tremendously improve how we regulate toxic chemicals in the United States— those that are already in products and should no longer be used and those new chemicals that are invented that should be thoroughly examined before they end up in products—and make sure that toxic chemicals don’t find their way into our classrooms, into our bedrooms, into our homes, into our workplaces. Now the Environmental Protection Agency will have the tools and resources needed to evaluate the dangerous chemicals and to eliminate any unsafe uses. My introduction to this issue began with a bill in the Oregon State Legisla-ture about the cancer-causing flame retardants that are in our carpets and our couches and the foam in our fur-niture that should not be there. This bill gives us the ability to review that and to get rid of those toxic chemicals. It was enormously disturbing to me to find out that our little babies crawl-ing on the carpet, their noses 1 inch off the ground, were breathing in dust from the carpet that included these cancer-causing flame retardants. It should never have happened, but we did not have the type of review process that protects Americans. Now we will. So, together, a bipartisan team has run a marathon, and today we cross the finish line. In short order, this bill will be sitting in the Oval Office, on the President’s desk, and he will be putting ink to paper and creating this new and powerful tool for protecting the health of American citizens. That is an enor-mous accomplishment. Mr. President, on behalf of Senator B
OXER , the printing cost of the state-ment of additional views with respect to H.R. 2576, TSCA, will exceed the two-page rule and cost $2,111.20. I ask unanimous consent that the Boxer statement of additional views be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.084 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3516 June 7, 2016 
DETAILED ANALYSIS AND ADDITIONAL VIEWS 
OFDEMOCRATIC MEMBERS ON THE MOTION TO  C
ONCUR IN THE HOUSE AMENDMENT TO THE  S
ENATE AMENDMENT TO THE BILLH.R. 2576 E
NTITLED ‘‘ANACT TO MODERNIZE THE  T
OXIC SUBSTANCES CONTROL ACT, AND FOR  O
THER PURPOSES ’’ JUNE7, 2016 As the lead Senate Democratic negotiators on H.R. 2576, (hereinafter referred to as the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act), we submit the fol-lowing additional views that describe the in-tent of the negotiators on elements of the final bill text. 
1. ‘‘WILL PRESENT ’’ Existing TSCA as in effect before the date of enactment of Frank R Lautenberg Chem-ical Safety for the 21st Century Act includes the authority, contained in several sections (see, for example, section 6(a)), for EPA to take regulatory actions related to chemical substances or mixtures if it determines that the chemical substance or mixture ‘‘presents or will present’’ an unreasonable risk to health or the environment. The Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act includes language that removes all instances of ‘‘will present’’ from existing TSCA and the amendments thereto. This does not reflect an intent on the part of Congressional negotiators to re-move EPA’s authority to consider future or reasonably anticipated risks in evaluating whether a chemical substance or mixture presents an unreasonable risk to health or the environment. In fact, a new definition added to TSCA explicitly provides such au-thority and a mandate for EPA to consider conditions of use that are not currently known or intended but can be anticipated to occur: ‘(4) The term ‘conditions of use’ means the circumstances, as determined by the Admin-istrator, under which a chemical substance is intended, known, or reasonably foreseen to be manufactured, processed, distributed in commerce, used, or disposed of’’; 
2. MIXTURES  In section 6(b) of TSCA, as amended by the Frank R Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, EPA is directed to under-take risk evaluations on chemical sub-stances in order to determine whether they pose an unreasonable risk to health or the environment. Some have questioned whether the failure to explicitly authorize risk eval-uations on mixtures calls into question EPA’s authority to evaluate the risks from chemical substances in mixtures. The definition of ’conditions of use’ de-scribed above plainly covers all uses of a chemical substance, including its incorpora-tion in a mixture, and thus would clearly en-able and require, where relevant, EPA to evaluate the risks of the chemical substance as a component of a mixture. 
3. NEW CHEMICALS  While existing TSCA does not preclude EPA from reviewing new chemicals and sig-nificant new uses following notification by the manufacturer or processor, it does not require EPA to do so or to reach conclusions on the potential risks of all such chemicals before they enter the marketplace. EPA has authority to issue orders blocking or lim-iting production or other activities if it finds that available information is inadequate and the chemical may present an unreasonable risk, but the burden is on EPA to invoke this authority; if it fails to do so within the 90– 180 day review period, manufacture of the new chemical can automatically commence. This bill makes significant changes to this passive approach under current law: For the first time, EPA will be required to review all new chemicals and significant new uses and make an affirmative finding regarding the chemical’s or significant new use’s potential risks as a condition for commencement of manufacture for commercial purposes and, in the absence of a finding that the chemical or significant new use is not likely to present an unreasonable risk, manufacture will not be allowed to occur. If EPA finds that it lacks sufficient information to evalu-ate the chemical’s or significant new use’s risks or that the chemical or significant new use does or may present an unreasonable risk, it is obligated to issue an order or rule that precludes market entry or imposes con-ditions sufficient to prevent an unreasonable risk. EPA can also require additional test-ing. Only chemicals and significant new uses that EPA finds are not likely to present an unreasonable risk can enter production with-out restriction. This affirmative approach to better ensuring the safety of new chemicals entering the market is essential to restoring the public’s confidence in our chemical safe-ty system. 4. UNREASONABLE RISK  TSCA as in effect before the date of enact-ment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 2lst Century Act authorized EPA to regulate chemical substances if it de-termined that the chemical substance ‘‘pre-sents or will present an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment.’’ In its decision in Corrosion Proof Fittings vs EPA, the U.S. Court of Appeals, 5th Circuit over-turned EPA’s proposed ban on asbestos, in part because it believed that ‘‘In evaluating what is ‘‘unreasonable,’’ the EPA is required to consider the costs of any proposed actions and to ‘‘carry out this chapter in a reasonable and prudent manner [after considering] the environmental, eco-nomic, and social impact of any action.’’ 15 U.S.C. §2601(c). As the District of Columbia Circuit stated when evaluating similar language governing the Federal Hazardous Substances Act, ‘‘[t]he requirement that the risk be ‘unrea-sonable’ necessarily involves a balancing test like that familiar in tort law: The regu-lation may issue if the severity of the injury that may result from the product, factored by the likelihood of the injury, offsets the harm the regulation itself imposes upon manufacturers and consumers.’’ Forester v. CPSC, 559 F.2d 774 789 (D.C.Cir.1977). We have quoted this language approvingly when eval-uating other statutes using similar lan-guage. See, e.g., Aqua Slide, 569 F.2d at 839.’’ The Frank R Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act clearly rejects that approach to determining what ‘‘unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment’’ means, by adding text that directs EPA to determine whether such risks exist ‘‘without consideration of costs or other nonrisk fac-tors’’ and, if they do, to promulgate a rule that ensures ‘‘that the chemical substance no longer presents such risk.’’ In this man-ner, Congress has ensured that when EPA evaluates a chemical to determine whether it poses an unreasonable risk to health or the environment and regulates the chemical if it does, the Agency may not apply the sort of ‘‘balancing test’’ described above. 
5. PRIORITIZATION  Section 6(b) of TSCA, as amended by the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, defines high-priority chemical substances and low-priority chem-ical substances as follows: ‘‘(i) HIGH–PRIORITY SUBSTANCES.—The Administrator shall designate as a high-pri-ority substance a chemical substance that the Administrator concludes, without con-sideration of costs or other nonrisk factors, may present an unreasonable risk of injury to health or environment because of a poten-tial hazard and a potential route of exposure under the conditions of use, including an un-reasonable risk to a potentially exposed or susceptible subpopulation identified as rel-evant by the Administrator. ‘‘(ii) LOW–PRIORITY SUBSTANCES.—The Administrator shall designate a chemical substance as a low-priority substance if the Administrator concludes, based on informa-tion sufficient to establish, without consid-eration of costs or other nonrisk factors, that such substance does not meet the stand-ard identified in clause (i) for designating a chemical substance a high-priority sub-stance.’’ The direction to EPA for the designation of low-priority substances is of note in that it requires such designations to be made only when there is ‘‘information sufficient to es-tablish’’ that the standard for designating a substance as a high-priority substance is not met. Clear authority is provided under sec-tion 4(a)(2)(B), as created in the Frank R Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, to enable EPA to obtain the in-formation needed to prioritize chemicals for which information is initially insufficient. The bill text also goes on to state that if ‘‘the information available to the Adminis-trator at the end of such an extension [for testing of a chemical substance in order to determine its priority designation] remains insufficient to enable the designation of the chemical substance as a low-priority sub-stance, the Administrator shall designate the chemical substance as a high-priority substance.’’ These provisions are intended to ensure that the only chemicals to be designated low-priority are those for which EPA both has sufficient information and, based on that information, affirmatively concludes that the substance does not warrant a finding that it may present an unreasonable risk. 6. INDUSTRY REQUESTED CHEMICALS  Sec. 6(b)(4)(E) sets the percentage of risk evaluations that the Administrator shall conduct at industry’s request at between 25 percent (if enough requests are submitted) and 50 percent. The Administrator should set up a system to ensure that those percentages are met and not exceeded in each fiscal year. An informal effort that simply takes re-quests as they come in and hopes that the percentages will work out does not meet the requirement that the Administrator ‘‘en-sure’’ that the percentages be met. Also, clause (E)(ii) makes clear that industry re-quests for risk evaluations ‘‘shall be’’ subject to fees. Therefore, if at any point the fees imposed by the Frank Lautenberg Act (which are subject to a termination in sec-tion 26(b)(6)) are allowed to lapse, industry’s opportunity to seek risk evaluations will also lapse and the minimum 25 percent re-quirement will not apply. 
7. PACE OF AND LONG -TERM GOAL FOR EPA  
SAFETY REVIEWS OF EXISTING CHEMICALS  Existing TSCA grandfathered in tens of thousands of chemicals to the inventory without requiring any review of their safety. The Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act sets in motion a process under which EPA will for the first time systematically review the safety of chemicals in active commerce. While this will take many years, the goal of the legisla-tion is to ensure that all chemicals on the market get such a review. The initial targets for numbers of reviews are relatively low, re-flecting current EPA capacity and resources. These targets represent floors, not ceilings, and Senate Democratic negotiators expect that as EPA begins to collect fees, gets pro-cedures established and gains experience, these targets can be exceeded in furtherance of the legislation’s goals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.062 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3517 June 7, 2016 
8. ‘‘MAXIMUM ’’ EXTENT PRACTICABLE  Several sections of the Frank R. Lauten-berg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act include direction to EPA to take certain actions to ‘‘the extent practicable’’, in con-trast to language in S 697 as reported by the Senate that actions be taken to ‘‘the max-imum extent practicable.’’ During House- Senate negotiations on the bill, Senate nego-tiators were informed that House Legislative Counsel believed the terms ‘‘extent prac-ticable’’ and ‘‘maximum extent practicable’’ are synonymous, and ultimately Congress agreed to include ‘‘extent practicable’’ in the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act with the expectation that no change in meaning from S 697 as re-ported by the Senate be inferred from that agreement. 
9. COST CONSIDERATIONS IN RULEMAKING  Section 6(c)(2) of TSCA, as amended by the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act lists what is required in analysis intended to support an EPA rule for a chemical substance or mixture: ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS FOR RULE.—‘‘(A) STATEMENT OF EFFECTS.—In proposing and promulgating a rule under subsection (a) with respect to a chemical substance or mix-ture, the Administrator shall consider and publish a statement based on reasonably available information with respect to— ‘‘(i) the effects of the chemical substance or mixture on health and the magnitude of the exposure of human beings to the chem-ical substance or mixture; ‘‘(ii) the effects of the chemical substance or mixture on the environment and the mag-nitude of the exposure of the environment to such substance or mixture; ‘‘(iii) the benefits of the chemical sub-stance or mixture for various uses; and ‘‘(iv) the reasonably ascertainable eco-nomic consequences of the rule, including consideration of— ‘‘(I) the likely effect of the rule on the na-tional economy, small business, techno-logical innovation, the environment, and public health; ‘‘(II) the costs and benefits of the proposed and final regulatory action and of the 1 or more primary alternative regulatory actions considered by the Administrator; and ‘‘(III) the cost effectiveness of the proposed regulatory action and of the 1 or more pri-mary alternative regulatory actions consid-ered by the Administrator. The language above specifies the informa-tion on effects, exposures and costs that EPA is to consider in determining how to regulate a chemical substance that presents an unrea-sonable risk as determined in EPA’s risk evaluation. Senate Democratic negotiators clarify that sections 6(c)(2)(A)(i) and (ii) do not re-quire EPA to conduct a second risk evalua-tion-like analysis to identify the specified information, but rather, can satisfy these re-quirements on the basis of the conclusions regarding the chemical’s health and environ-mental effects and exposures in the risk evaluation itself. The scope of the statement EPA is re-quired to prepare under clauses (i)–(iv) is bounded in two important respects. First, it is to be based on information reasonably available to EPA, and hence does not require new information collection or development. Second, EPA’s consideration of costs and benefits and cost-effectiveness is limited to the requirements of the rule itself and the 1 or more ‘‘primary’’ alternatives it consid-ered, not every possible alternative. The role of the statement required under subpara-graph (c)(2)(A) in selecting the restrictions to include in its rule is delineated in sub-paragraph (c)(2)(B). Under this provision, EPA must ‘‘factor in’’ the considerations de-scribed in the statement ‘‘to the extent prac-ticable’’ and ‘‘in accordance with subsection (a).’’ As revised, subsection (a) deletes the paralyzing ‘‘least burdensome’’ requirement in the existing law and instructs that EPA’s rule must ensure that the chemical sub-stance or mixture ‘‘no longer presents’’’ the unreasonable risk identified in the risk eval-uation. Thus, it is clear that the consider-ations in the statement required under sub-paragraph (c)(2)(A) do not require EPA to demonstrate benefits outweigh costs, to de-finitively determine or select the least-cost alternative, or to select an option that is de-monstrably cost-effective or is the least bur-densome adequately protective option. Rath-er, it requires only that EPA take into ac-count the specified considerations in decid-ing among restrictions to impose, which must be sufficient to ensure that the subject chemical substance no longer presents the unreasonable risk EPA has identified. The Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act clearly rejects the regu-latory approach and framework that led to the failed asbestos ban and phase-out rule of 1989 in Corrosion Proof Fittings v. EPA 947 F.2d 1201 (5th Cir. 1991). 
10. ‘‘MINIMUM ’’ LABELING REQUIREMENTS  Section 6(a) of TSCA, as amended by the Frank R Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, ensures that the require-ments EPA can impose to address an unrea-sonable risk to health or the environment in-clude requiring ‘‘clear and adequate min-imum’’ warnings. The addition of the word ‘‘minimum’’ was intended to avoid the sort of litigation that was undertaken in Wyeth v. Levine, 555 U.S. 555 (2009), when a plaintiff won a Supreme Court decision after alleging that the harm she suffered from a drug that had been labeled in accordance with FDA re-quirements had nevertheless been inad-equately labeled under Vermont law. This ensures that manufacturers or processors of chemical substances and mixtures can al-ways take additional measures, if in the in-terest of protecting health and the environ-ment, it would be reasonable to do so. 
11. CRITICAL USE EXEMPTIONS  Section 6(g) of TSCA, as amended by the Frank R Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, authorizes EPA to exempt specific conditions of use from otherwise ap-plicable section 6(a) rule requirements, if EPA makes specified findings. Section 6(g)(4) in turn requires EPA to include in such an exemption conditions that are ‘‘necessary to protect health and the environment while achieving the purposes of the exemption.’’ It is Congress’ intent that the conditions EPA imposes will protect health and the environ-ment to the extent feasible, recognizing that, by its nature, an exemption will allow for activities that present some degree of un-reasonable risk. 
12. REGULATORY COMPLIANCE  Several sections of the Frank R. Lauten-berg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act clarify the Congressional intent that compliance with federal EPA standards, rules or other requirements shall not pre-clude liability in circumstances where a rea-sonable manufacturer or processor or dis-tributor of a chemical substance or mixture could or should have taken additional meas-ures or precautions in the interest of pro-tecting public health and the environment. 
13. TSCA AS THE PRIMARY STATUTE FOR THE  
REGULATION OF TOXIC SUBSTANCES  EPA’s authorities and duties under section 6 of TSCA have been significantly expanded under the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, now includ-ing comprehensive deadlines and throughput expectations for chemical prioritization, risk evaluation, and risk management. The inter-agency referral process and the intra-agency consideration process established under Sec-tion 9 of existing TSCA must now be re-garded in a different light since TSCA can no longer be construed as a ‘‘gap-filler’’ statu-tory authority of last resort. The changes in section 9 are consistent with this recognition and do not conflict with the fundamental ex-pectation that, where EPA concludes that a chemical presents an unreasonable risk, the Agency should act in a timely manner to en-sure that the chemical substance no longer presents such risk. Thus, once EPA has reached this conclusion, Section 9(a) is not intended to supersede or modify the Agen-cy’s obligations under Sections 6(a) or 7 to address risks from activities involving the chemical substance, except as expressly identified in a section 9(a) referral for regu-lation by another agency which EPA believes has sufficient authority to eliminate the risk and where the agency acts in a timely and effective manner to do so. Regarding EPA’s consideration of whether to use non-TSCA EPA authorities in order to address unreasonable chemical risks identi-fied under TSCA, the new section 9(b)(2) merely consolidates existing language which was previously split between section 6(c) and section 9(b). It only applies where the Ad-ministrator has already determined that a risk to health or the environment associated with a chemical substance or mixture could be eliminated or reduced to a sufficient ex-tent by additional actions taken under other EPA authorities. It allows the Administrator substantial discretion to use TSCA nonethe-less, and it certainly does not reflect that TSCA is an authority of last resort in such cases. Importantly, the provision adds a new qualification, not in original TSCA, that the required considerations are to be ‘‘based on information reasonably available to the Ad-ministrator’’ to ensure that such consider-ations do not require additional information to be collected or developed. Furthermore, none of these revisions were intended to alter the clear intent of Congress, reflected in the original legislative history of TSCA, that these decisions would be completely dis-cretionary with the Administrator and not subject to judicial review in any manner. 14. DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS  
INFORMATION  S. 697 as passed by the Senate included sev-eral requirements as amendments to sections 8 and 14 of existing TSCA that direct EPA to ‘‘promptly’’ make confidential business in-formation public when it determines that protections against disclosure of such infor-mation should no longer apply. The Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act instead directs EPA to remove the protections against disclosure when it determines that they should no longer apply. Because EPA informed Senate negotiators that its practice is to promptly make public information that is no longer protected against disclosure, we see no difference or distinction in meaning between the language in S. 697 as passed and the Frank R. Lauten-berg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, and expect EPA to continue its current practice of affirmatively making public in-formation that is not or no longer protected from disclosure as expeditiously as possible. Subsection 14(d)(9) of TSCA, as amended by the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, further clarifies the Congressional intent that any information required pursuant to discovery, subpoena, court order, or any other judicial process is always allowable and discoverable under State and Federal law, and not protected from disclosure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.062 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3518 June 7, 2016 
15. CHEMICAL IDENTITY  Section 14(b)(2) of the bill retains TSCA’s provision making clear that information from health and safety studies is not pro-tected from disclosure. It also retains TSCA’s two existing exceptions from disclo-sure of information from health and safety studies: for information where disclosure would disclose either how a chemical is man-ufactured or processed or the portion a chemical comprises in a mixture. A clarifica-tion has been added to the provision to note explicitly that the specific identity of a chemical is among the types of information that need not be disclosed, when disclosing health and safety information, if doing so would also disclose how a chemical is made or the portion a chemical comprises in a mixture. This clarification does not signal any Congressional intent to alter the mean-ing of the provision, only to clarify its in-tent. 
16. ‘‘REQUIREMENTS ’’’ Subsection 5(i)(2) of TSCA, as amended by the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act clarifies the Con-gressional intent to ensure that state re-quirements, including legal causes of action arising under statutory or common law, are not preempted or limited in any way by EPA action or inaction on a chemical substance. Subsection 6(j) of TSCA, as amended by the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, clarifies the Congres-sional intent to ensure that state require-ments, including legal causes of action aris-ing under statutory or common law, are not preempted or limited in any way by EPA ac-tion or inaction on a chemical substance. 
17. STATE -FEDERAL RELATIONSHIP  Sections 18(a)(1)(B) and 18(b)(1) of TSCA, as amended by the Frank R. Lautenberg Chem-ical Safety for the 21st Century Act, refer to circumstances under which a state may not establish or continue to enforce a ‘‘statute, criminal penalty, or administrative action’’ on a chemical substance. Section 18(b)(2) states that ‘‘this subsection does not restrict the authority of a State or political subdivi-sion of a State to continue to enforce any statute enacted, criminal penalty assessed, or administrative action taken’’. In an email transmitted by Senate Republican nego-tiators at 11:45 AM on May 23, 2016, the Sen-ate requested that House Legislative Counsel delete the word ‘‘assessed,’’ but this change was not made in advance of the 12 PM dead-line to file the bill text with the House Rules Committee. The Senate’s clear intent was not to change or in any way limit the mean-ing of the phrase ‘‘criminal penalty’’ in sec-tion 18(b)(2). Section 18(d)(I) of TSCA, as amended by the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, references ‘‘risk evaluations’’’ on chemical substances that may be conducted by states or political sub-divisions of states with the clear intent to describe the circumstances in which such ef-forts would not be preempted by federal ac-tion. The term ‘‘Risk Evaluation’’ may not be universally utilized in every state or po-litical subdivision of a state, but researching each analogous term used in each state or political subdivision of a state in order to ex-plicitly list it was neither realistic nor pos-sible. The use of this term is not intended to be in any way limiting. Section 18(d)(1)(A)(ii) of TSCA, as amended by the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, fully preserves the authority of states or political subdivisions of states to impose ‘‘information obligation’’ requirements on manufacturers or processors with respect to chemicals they produce or use. The provision cites examples of such ob-ligations: reporting and monitoring or ‘‘other information obligations.’’ These may include, but are not limited to, state require-ments related to information, such as com-panies’ obligations to disclose use informa-tion, to provide warnings or to label prod-ucts or chemicals with certain information regarding risks and recommended actions to reduce exposure or environmental release. Section 18(d)(2) of TSCA, as amended by the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, specifies that noth-ing in this section shall modify the preemp-tive effect of any prior rule or order by the Administrator prior to the effective date, re-sponding to concerns that prior EPA action on substances such as polychlorinated biphenyls would be potentially immunized from liability for injury or harm. Section 18(e) of TSCA, as amended by the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, grandfathers existing and enacted state laws and regulatory ac-tions, and requirements imposed now or in the future under the authority of state laws that were in effect on August 31, 2003. Section 18(f) of TSCA, as amended by the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, provides discretionary and mandatory waivers which exempt regu-latory action by states and their political subdivisions from any federal preemptive ef-fect. In particular, Subsection 18(f)(2)(B) specifies that, where requested, EPA shall grant a waiver from preemption under sub-section (b) upon the enactment of any stat-ute, or the proposal or completion of a pre-liminary administrative action, with the in-tent of prohibiting or otherwise restricting a chemical substance or mixture, provided these actions occur during the 18-month pe-riod after EPA initiates the prioritization process and before EPA publishes the scope of the risk evaluation for the chemical sub-stance (which cannot be less than 12 months after EPA initiates the prioritization proc-ess). Section 18(g) of TSCA, as amended by the Frank R Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, specifies that no preemp-tion of any common law or statutory causes of action for civil relief or criminal conduct shall occur, and that nothing in this Act shall be interpreted as dispositive or other-wise limiting any civil action or other claim for relief. This section also clarifies the Con-gressional intent to ensure that state re-quirements, including legal causes of action arising under statutory or common law, are not preempted or limited in any way by EPA action or inaction on a chemical substance. This section further clarifies Congress’ in-tent that no express, implied, or actual con-flict exists between any federal regulatory action and any state, federal, or maritime tort action, responding to the perceived con-flict contemplated in Geier v. American Honda Motor Co., 529 U.S. 861 (2000) and its progeny. 
18. FEES Fees under section 26(b), as amended by the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, are authorized to be collected so that 25% of EPA’s overall costs to carry out section 4, 5, and 6, and to col-lect, process, review, provide access to and protect from disclosure information, are de-frayed, subject to a $25,000,000 cap (that itself can be adjusted for inflation or if it no longer provides 25% of EPA’s costs listed above). While the collection of fees is tied to the submission of particular information under sections 4 and 5 or the manufacturing or processing of a particular chemical sub-stance undergoing a risk evaluation under section 6, in general the use of these fees is not limited to defraying the cost of the ac-tion that was the basis for payment of the fee. The exception to this general principle is for fees to defray the cost of conducting manufacturer requested risk evaluations, which are independent of the $25 million cap or 25% limit. These must be spent on the par-ticular risk evaluation that was the basis for payment of the fee. This limitation applies only to the fee collected for the purpose of conducting the risk evaluation and does not prevent EPA from collecting further fees from such persons for other purposes for which payment of fees are authorized under the section. For example, if a manufacturer- requested risk evaluation later leads to risk management action, EPA may assign further fees to manufacturers and processors of that substance, subject to the $25,000,000 cap and the requirement to not exceed 25% of overall program costs for carrying out sections 4, 5, and 6, and to collect, process, review, provide access to and protect from disclosure infor-mation. We also note that some have raised the possibility that section 26(b)(4)(B)(i)(I), as amended by the Frank R Lautenberg Chem-ical Safety for the 21st Century Act, could be read to exclude the cost of risk evaluations, other than industry-requested risk evalua-tions, from the costs that can be covered by fees. This was not the intent and is not con-sistent with the statutory language. As clearly indicated in section 26(b)(1), the amended law provides that manufacturers and processors of chemicals subject to risk evaluations be subject to fees, and that fees be collected to defray the cost of admin-istering sections 4, 5, and 6, and of collecting, processing, reviewing and providing access to and protecting from disclosure information. Risk evaluations are a central element of section 6. And as demonstrated by section 6(b)(4)(F)(i), the intent of the bill is that the EPA-initiated risk evaluations be defrayed at the 25% level (subject to the $25,000,000 cap), in contrast to the industry-initiated evaluations, which are funded at the 50% or 100% level. The final citation in section 26(b)(4)(B)(i) should be read as section 6(b)(4)(C)(ii), as it is in section 6(b)(4)(F)(i), not to section 6(b) generally. 19. SCIENTIFIC STANDARDS  The term ‘‘weight of evidence’’ refers to a systematic review method that uses a pre-es-tablished protocol to comprehensively, ob-jectively, transparently, and consistently, identify and evaluate each stream of evi-dence, including strengths, limitations, and relevance of each study and to integrate evi-dence as necessary and appropriate based upon strengths, limitations, and relevance. This requirement is not intended to pre-vent the Agency from considering academic studies, or any other category of study. We expect that when EPA makes a weight of the evidence decision it will fully describe its use and methods. 
20. PARTIAL RISK EVALUATIONS  Section 26(1)(4) of TSCA, as amended by the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, states ‘‘(4) CHEMICAL SUBSTANCES WITH COMPLETED RISK ASSESSMENTS.—With respect to a chemical substance listed in the 2014 update to the TSCA Work Plan for Chemical Assessments for which the Admin-istrator has published a completed risk as-sessment prior to the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator may publish proposed and final rules under section 6(a) that are consistent with the scope of the completed risk assessment for the chemical substance and consistent with other applicable requirements of section 6.’’ EPA has completed risk assessments on TCE, NMP, and MC, but has not yet proposed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.062 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3519 June 7, 2016 
or finalized section 6(a) rules to address the risks that were identified. The risk assess-ments for these chemicals were not con-ducted across all conditions of use. During the bi-cameral negotiations, EPA expressed the view that, rather than reexamine and perhaps broaden the scope of these assess-ments, it is better to proceed with proposed and final rules on the covered chemicals to avoid any delay in the imposition of impor-tant public health protections that are known to be needed. Congress shared these concerns. The language House-Senate nego-tiators included above is intended to allow EPA to proceed with the regulation of these substances if the scope of the proposed and final rules is consistent with the scope of the risk assessments conducted on these sub-stances. 
21. SNURS FOR ARTICLES  Section 5(a)(5) addresses the application of significant new use rules (SNURs) to articles or categories of articles containing sub-stances of concern. It provides that in pro-mulgating such SNURs, EPA must make ‘‘an affirmative finding . . . . that the reasonable potential for exposure to the chemical sub-stance through the article or category of ar-ticles subject to the rule justifies notifica-tion.’’ This language clarifies that potential exposure is a relevant factor in applying SNURs to articles. Exposure is a relevant factor in identifying other significant new uses of a chemical substance as well. It is not intended to require EPA to conduct an exposure assessment or provide evidence that exposure to the substance through the article or category of articles will in fact occur. Rather, since the goal of SNURs is to bring to EPA’s attention and enable it to evaluate uses of chemicals that could present unreasonable risks, a reasonable ex-pectation of possible exposure based on the nature of the substance or the potential uses of the article or category of articles will be sufficient to ‘‘warrant notification.’’ EPA has successfully used the SNUR authority in the existing law to provide for scrutiny of imported articles (many of which are widely used consumer products) that contain unsafe chemicals that have been restricted or dis-continued in the U.S. and it’s critical that SNURs continue to perform this important public health function under the amended law. 
22. COMPLIANCE DEADLINES  The amended law expands on existing sec-tion 6(d) by providing that rules under sec-tion 6 must include ‘‘mandatory compliance dates.’’ These dates can vary somewhat with the type of restriction being imposed but, in general, call for compliance deadlines that ‘‘shall be as soon as practicable, but not later than 5 years after the promulgation of the rule.’’ While EPA could in unusual cir-cumstances delay compliance for as long as five years, this should be the exception and not the norm. To realize the risk reduction benefits of the rule, it is expected that com-pliance deadlines will be as soon as prac-ticable after the rule’s effective date as di-rected in new paragraph 6(d)(1). Senator Barbara Boxer, Ranking Mem-ber, Environment and Public Works Committee. Senator Edward J. Markey, Ranking Member, Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Management and Regulatory Oversight, Environment and Public Works Committee, and cosponsor, Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. Senator Tom Udall, lead Democratic au-thor and sponsor, Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. Senator Jeffrey A. Merkley, cosponsor, Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. Mr. MERKLEY. I yield the floor. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I know that everyone here shares a de-sire to fix our chemical safety law, the Toxic Substances Control Act, and I appreciate the years of hard work that my colleagues, starting with the late Senator from New Jersey, Frank Lau-tenberg, put in to try to make this bill the best bipartisan compromise it could be. So many parts of this bill strengthen the standards and review process for chemicals, and I am pleased that we will finally be able to effectively regu-late chemicals on a Federal level. However, there is one part of the bill that still concerns me: the preemption of State laws. Right now, a number of States, in-cluding New York, have taken the lead in chemical safety and have set stand-ards for their own citizens that are higher than the standards set by the EPA. These State actions have brought the chemical companies to the table to fi-nally create a strong federal system for reviewing chemicals for safety. But this bill would significantly limit the rights of individual States to set their own chemical safety stand-ards from this day forward. It would prevent a State from regu-lating or enforcing regulations on a chemical if the EPA is studying but has not yet ruled on the safety of that chemical. But the EPA’s review process can take far longer than a State’s review process. As a result, if a Governor or a State legislature wanted to develop their own rules to protect their citizens from a particular chemical that they knew was toxic and posing an imminent threat, their hands would be tied be-cause of this law, and it would be left to the EPA to determine whether the State’s science is valid. Why would we take away this right from our States? The only recourse for States is a bur-densome waiver process that does not guarantee that a State will prevail in obtaining a waiver to continue to pro-tect the health of its families. That is not enough. When it comes to protecting public health, I firmly believe that Federal laws should set a floor, not a ceiling, and States should continue to have the right to protect their citizens from toxic chemicals—especially while they wait for the EPA to complete their own lengthy studies. No State should be prevented from acting to protect the health and safety of its people when the Federal Govern-ment fails to act. No State should be prevented from banning a dangerous chemical, simply because the EPA is taking time to re-view the substance. So despite all the hard work of my colleagues and the progress that has been made, I cannot vote to undermine my State’s ability to protect our con-stituents, and I will vote no on this bill. Thank you. 
CONGRESSIONAL INTENT BEHIND SPECIFIC  
PROVISIONS OF THE BILL  
Mr. INHOFE. Senator V ITTER and I rise today to discuss a few provisions in the bill with the desire of clarifying what the Congressional intent was be-hind specific provisions of the legisla-tion. Senator V
ITTER , I would like to start with a question to you on the purpose of the term ‘‘conditions of use’’ and how that term is supposed to be applied by EPA in risk evaluations? Mr. VITTER. Thank you Senator I
NHOFE . There are many important pro-visions of this law and I think clari-fying what Congress intended is very important to ensure the legislative in-tent is understood and followed. To specifically address your first question, the term ‘‘conditions of use’’ is specifi-cally defined as ‘the circumstances, as determined by the Administrator, under which a chemical substance is intended, known, or reasonably fore-seen to be manufactured, processed, distributed in commerce, used, or dis-posed of.’ The conditions of use of a chemical substance drive the potential for exposure to a chemical. Exposure potential, when integrated with the hazard potential of a chemical, deter-mines a chemical’s potential for risk. So EPA’s understanding of a chemi-cal’s conditions of use—and impor-tantly it is the circumstances ‘the Ad-ministrator’ determines—will be crit-ical to EPA’s final determination of whether a chemical is safe or presents an unreasonable risk that must be con-trolled. Finally, to address your ques-tion of how this is supposed to be ap-plied by EPA in risk evaluations, it is important to note that many TSCA chemicals have multiple uses—indus-trial, commercial and consumer uses. EPA has identified subcategories of chemical uses for regular chemical re-porting requirements, so the Agency is well aware that some categories of uses pose greater potential for exposure than others and that the risks from many categories of uses are deemed negligible or already well controlled. The language of the compromise makes clear that EPA has to make a deter-mination on all conditions of use con-sidered in the scope but the Agency is given the discretion to determine the conditions of use that the Agency will address in its evaluation of the priority chemical. This assures that the Agen-cy’s focus on priority chemicals is on conditions of use that raise the great-est potential for risk. This also assures that the Agency can effectively assess and control priority chemicals and meet the new law’s strict deadlines. Without this discretion to focus chem-ical risk assessments on certain condi-tions of use, the Agency’s job would be more difficult. Mr. INHOFE. Thank you, Senator V
ITTER . That response raised an inter-esting follow up question I would like 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.062 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3520 June 7, 2016 
to ask. If EPA’s final Section 6(a) risk management rule includes a restriction or prohibition on some of the condi-tions of use identified in EPA’s scope of the risk evaluation, but not all of them, is it final agency action as to those other conditions of use? Mr. VITTER. That is a very impor-tant question and the clear intent of Congress is the answer is yes. This is because, to be legally sufficient accord-ing to EPA’s own technical assistance, EPA’s Section 6(a) rule must ensure that the chemical substance or mixture no longer presents an unreasonable risk. A Section 6(i) order, determining that a chemical substance does not present an unreasonable risk under conditions of use, is similarly final Agency action applicable to all those conditions of use that were identified in the scope of EPA’s risk evaluation on the chemical substance. To be clear, every condition of use identified by the Administrator in the scope of the risk evaluation must, and will be either found to present or not present an un-reasonable risk. Mr. I
NHOFE , this brings me to a ques-tion on the testing EPA has the au-thority require manufacturers to con-duct under this compromise. One of the major flaws in TSCA is the so-called ‘catch 22’ under which EPA cannot re-quire testing of chemicals without first making a finding that the chemical may present an unreasonable risk. In TSCA’s history, EPA has been able to make that finding only for about 200 chemicals. Does the compromise rem-edy that provision of TSCA? Mr. INHOFE. It is clear that the compromise directs EPA to systemati-cally evaluate more chemicals than ever before. To help the Agency meet that objective, the compromise does two things. First, EPA can issue a test rule or order if it finds that a chemical substance may present an unreasonable risk to human health or the environ-ment. In this case, an EPA order would be a final agency action subject to ju-dicial review. EPA would be well-ad-vised to consider the practice of issuing a ‘statement of need’ similar to that required under section 4(a)(3) when using this authority. The section also provides EPA discre-tionary authority to require testing— by rule, order or consent agreement— when EPA determines that new infor-mation is necessary to review a pre- manufacture notice under section 5, to conduct a risk evaluation under sec-tion 6, or to implement rules or orders under those sections. The compromise also recognizes that EPA may need new information to prioritize a chem-ical substance for review, to assess cer-tain exports, and at the request of an-other federal agency. To use this dis-cretionary order authority, EPA must issue a ‘statement of need’ that ex-plains the need for new testing/expo-sure information. It must describe how available information has informed the decision to require new information, whether vertebrate animal testing is needed, and why an order is preferred to a rule. Section 4 of the compromise also re-quires EPA to use ‘tiered’ screening and testing processes. This means EPA must require less expensive, less com-plex screening tests to determine whether higher level testing is re-quired. This is an efficient approach to testing chemicals that is based on EPA experience in other testing programs Tiered testing will also help assure that EPA is meeting the objective to minimize animal testing that is set out in the compromise. Finally, section 4 prohibits the cre-ation of a ‘minimum information re-quirement’ for the prioritization of chemicals. That is a very important provision that should be applied to any and all testing by the Agency regard-less of which authority it uses. Senator VITTER , in addition to new testing authorities the bill also makes changes to TSCA in the new chemicals program under section 5 which has been largely viewed as one of the major strengths of existing law. It has been credited with spurring innovation in chemistry used for new products and technologies throughout the value chain. The industry we’re regulating in TSCA is highly innovative: 17 percent of all US patents are chemistry or chemistry related. Clearly Congress has an interest in preserving the eco-nomic engine that is the business of U.S. chemistry, while ensuring that EPA appropriately reviews new chem-ical substances and significant new uses. How does the compromise balance these interests? Mr. VITTER. Protecting innovation and not materially altering the new chemicals process was a critical part of the final compromise. Every effort was made to ensure EPA has the right tools to review new chemical substances but the amendments to this section were intended to conform closely with EPA’s current practice and maintain the Agency’s timely reviews that allow substances to market within the statu-tory deadlines. First, the compromise retains the 90-day review period for EPA to make a risk-based decision on a new chemical, without consideration of costs or other non-risk factors. Sec-ond, when EPA does not have the infor-mation sufficient for the evaluation of a new chemical, or when EPA deter-mines that a new chemical may present an unreasonable risk, the com-promise requires EPA regulate the new chemical to the extent necessary to protect against unreasonable risk. Once sufficient information is avail-able, of course, EPA must make a deci-sion. These requirements largely re-flect EPA’s practice today, under which EPA can allow the new chemical on the market but with limits. Finally, if EPA determines that a new chemical is not likely to present an unreason-able risk, EPA must make a statement to that effect before the end of the 90 day period. This provision ensures that chemicals considered not likely to pose an unreasonable risk are not delayed in getting to market. Importantly, EPA would not stop re-viewing new chemical notices while it develops any policies, procedures and guidance needed to implement these new provisions in Section 5. The com-promise is very clear: EPA should not stop or slow its review of new chemi-cals while it develops any needed new policies procedures or guidance for Sec-tion 5. Also by amending Section 5 to require EPA make an affirmative find-ing before manufacturing or processing of a substance may commence, Con-gress did not intend to trigger the re-quirements of any other environmental laws. This again maintains the consist-ency with how EPA currently admin-isters the new chemicals program under existing law. Senator INHOFE , this leads me to an-other question on a provision that is rather technical and has been mis-understood by many and that is no-menclature. After the TSCA Inventory was established in 1979, questions arose about the appropriate chemical ‘no-menclature’ to be used to list these chemical substances. EPA addressed many of these questions in a series of guidance documents. The compromise includes a provision on nomenclature. What is this provision intended to do? Mr. INHOFE. Thank you, Senator V
ITTER . These provision are very im-portant to many major domestic pro-ducers including manufacturers of products like glass, steel, cement, along with domestic energy producers across the country. The chemical no-menclature provision in section 8 of the compromise addresses several issues critical to the efficient func-tioning of the new chemical regulatory framework. For the purposes of the TSCA Inven-tory, a single, defined molecule is sim-ple to name. For example, ethanol is a Class 1 chemical on the TSCA Inven-tory. Its identity does not depend on how it is made. Since one ethanol is chemically the same as another eth-anol, a new producer of ethanol can use the existing ethanol chemical listed on the TSCA Inventory. For other sub-stances known as Class 2 chemicals, nomenclature is more complex. For those substances, the name of the sub-stance typically includes either—or both—The source material and the process used to make it. The com-promise requires EPA to maintain the Class 2 nomenclature system, as well as certain nomenclature conventions in widespread use since the early days of TSCA. The compromise also directs EPA to continue to recognize the individual members of categories of chemical sub-stances as being on the TSCA inven-tory. The individual members of these categories are defined in inventory de-scriptions developed by EPA. In addi-tion, the compromise permits manufac-turers or processors to request that EPA recognize a chemical substance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.063 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3521 June 7, 2016 
currently identified on the TSCA In-ventory under multiple nomenclatures as ‘equivalents.’ Importantly, the equivalency provi-sion relates only to chemical sub-stances that are already on the TSCA Inventory. Although the equivalency provision specifically references sub-stances that have Chemical Abstract Service (CAS) numbers, EPA could use-fully apply an equivalency approach to substances on the Inventory that do not have CAS numbers as well, such as for naturally-occurring substances. Now, Senator V
ITTER , once a chem-ical is on the inventory, information about the substance that is provided to EPA often contains sensitive propri-etary elements that need protecting. There has been a significant debate in recent years regarding the protection from public disclosure of a confidential chemical identity provided in a health and safety study under TSCA section 14(b). Although new section 14(b) is substantially similar to the existing statute, what is the intent behind the additional language related to for-mulas? Mr. VITTER. It was the Congres-sional intent of the legation to balance the need to ensure public access to health and safety studies with the need to protect from public disclosure valu-able confidential business information (CBI) and trade secrets that are al-ready exempt from mandatory disclo-sure under the Freedom of Information Act. Striking the appropriate balance between public disclosure on the one hand, and the protection of a com-pany’s valuable intellectual property rights embodied in CBI and trade se-crets on the other hand, is essential to better informing the public regarding decisions by regulatory authorities with respect to chemical, while encour-aging innovation and economic com-petitiveness. The compromise retains the language of existing section 14(b) to make clear that the Administrator is not prohib-ited from disclosing health and safety studies, but that certain types of CBI and trade secrets disclosed within health and safety studies must always be protected from disclosure. The new, additional language in this section is intended to clarify that confidential chemical identities—which includes chemical names, formulas and struc-tures—may themselves reveal CBI or trade secret process information. In such cases, the confidential chemical identity must always be protected from disclosure. The new language is not limiting; it makes clear that any other information that would reveal propri-etary or trade secret processes is simi-larly protected. In other cases involv-ing confidential chemical identities, EPA should continue to strike an ap-propriate balance between protection of proprietary CBI or trade secrets, and ensuring public access to health and safety information. In addition to the protection of con-fidential information, another criti-cally important provision in the deal was preemption. Senator Inhofe could you describe how the compromise ad-dress the relationship between State governments and the Federal govern-ment? Mr. INHOFE. As we all recognize, the preemption section of this bill was the most contentious issue of the negotia-tions as well as the most important linchpin in the final deal. The com-promise includes several notable provi-sions. First, it is clear that when a chemical has undergone a risk evalua-tion and determined to pose no unrea-sonable risk, any state chemical man-agement action to restrict or regulate the substance is preempted. This out-come furthers Congress’s legislative objective of achieving uniform, risk- based chemical management nation-ally in a manner that supports robust national commerce. Federal deter-minations reached after the risk eval-uation process that a chemical pre-sents no significant risk in a particular use should be viewed as determinative and not subject to different interpreta-tions on a state-by-state or locality-by- locality basis. Further, under the new legislation, EPA will make decisions based on conditions of use, and must consider various conditions of use, so there could be circumstances where EPA determines that a chemical does not present an unreasonable risk in certain uses, but does in others. Pre-emption for no significant risk deter-minations would apply as these deter-minations are made on a use-by-use basis. Second, to promote the engagement of all stakeholders in the risk evalua-tion process—including State govern-ments—thee compromise creates a temporary preemption period for iden-tified high priority chemicals moving through EPA’s risk evaluation process. The period only runs from the time EPA defines the scope of the evalua-tion to the time that EPA finishes the evaluation, or the agency deadline runs out. It does not apply to the first 10 TSCA Work Plan chemicals the EPA reviews, and it does not apply to manu-facturer-requested risk evaluations. It does apply to any and all other chem-ical substances EPA choses to review through a risk evaluation. States with compelling circumstances can request and be granted a vysaiver by EPA. These waiver and scope limitations en-sure that the piause has its intended effect—to ensure that there is one, comprehensive, nationally-led risk evaluation occurring at a time, allow-ing EPA and affected manufacturers to focus on and complete the work on a timely basis, and to ensure a uniform and consistent federal approach to risk evaluation and risk management. Senator V
ITTER , despite the fact that this law regulates products in com-merce and Congress has the authority and Constitutional duty to protect interstate commerce, efforts were made to give States a role in this proc-ess, and even to get waivers from pre-emption where State actions are ade-quately justified. It should be noted that nothing precludes State action on chemical substances that are not the subject of an EPA risk evaluation or decision. There is also nothing in the compromise that precludes states from offering opinions, advice, or comment during the risk evaluation process. The risk evaluation process anticipates nu-merous opportunities for public com-ment. It is our hope that States with an interest in a particular chemical substance will in fact bring forward relevant scientific information on chemical hazards, uses and exposures to inform an effective federal decision. This will ensure that EPA is making the most informed decisions for the citizens of the United States as a whole, rather than one State affording protection to only a fraction of the country. Senator VITTER , before we conclude our discussion on preemption, I would to ask you to help clarify the intent of the preemption provision as it relates to actions taken prior to enactment of the Frank Lautenberg bill. Mr. VITTER. Thank you, Senator I
NHOFE , for those important clarifica-tions to preemption and for another question that is very important to clarify in order to capture the full conngressional intent of the bills pre-emption section. This Act is intended to change the preemption provisions of TSCA only with respect to regulations promulgated and actions taken under this Act after its effective date. This Act is not intended to alter any pre-emptive effect on common law or state positive law of regulations promul-gated or administrative actions taken under preexisting authorities, and is not intended to make any statement regarding legal rights under pre-existing authorities, including TSCA sections 6 and 17 in effect prior to the effective date of this Act. Mr. INHOFE. I appreciate your clari-fication on the intent of an important aspect of preemption under this act and also wanted to follow up with a question on judicial review. Specifi-cally, what changes to TSCA’s judicial review provisions have been made in the compromise? Mr. VITTER. When TSCA was first enacted in 1976, the Act created a high-er level of judicial review for certain rulemakings that would restrict chemi-cals in commerce. Congress took this approach because it wanted to ensure that rulemakings that would directly affect commerce by imposing restric-tions on chemicals would be well sup-ported with substantial evidence. The substantial evidence standard requires an agency rule to be supported by sub-stantial evidence in the rulemaking record taken as a whole. The com-promise legislation makes no changes to the process for judicial review of rulemakings or the standard of review. The compromise now provides EPA with expanded authority to pursue cer-tain administrative actions by order in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.064 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3522 June 7, 2016 
addition to by rule. This new order au-thority is intended to allow EPA great-er flexibility to move quickly to col-lect certain information and take cer-tain actions. It is intended that an agency order constitute final agency action on issuance and be subject to ju-dicial review. Orders under Sections 4, 5, and 6 of TSCA constitute final agen-cy action on issuance, and continue to be reviewed under the standards estab-lished by the Administrative Proce-dures Act. The intention is that regu-latory actions that result in total or partial bans of chemicals, regardless of whether such action is by rule or order authority, be supported by substantial evidence in the rulemaking record taken as a whole. Senator I
NHOFE , before we are done I think there are a few other sections of the bill that have been less discussed that it would be important to touch on. The first is Section 9 of TSCA which discusses the relationship between this and other laws. Could you please speak to what the intent of this bill with re-gards to Section 9 is? Mr. INHOFE. The Senate Report lan-guage states that section 9 of TSCA provides EPA with discretionary au-thority to address unreasonable risks of chemical substances and mixtures under other environmental laws. ‘‘For example, if the Administrator finds that disposal of a chemical substance may pose risks that could be prevented or reduced under the Solid Waste Dis-posal Act, the Administrator should ensure that the relevant office of the EPA receives that information.’’ Likewise, the House Report on sec-tion 9 of TSCA states: ‘‘For example, if the Administrator determines that a risk to health or the environment asso-ciated with disposal of a chemical sub-stance could be eliminated or reduced to a sufficient extent under the Solid Waste Disposal Act, the Administrator should use those authorities to protect against the risk.’’ This act states in new section 9(a)(5) of TSCA that the Administrator shall not be relieved of any obligation to take appropriate action to address risks from a chemical substance under sections 6(a) and 7, including risks posed by disposal of the chemical sub-stance or mixture. Consistent with the Senate and House reports, this provi-sion means that the Administrator should use authorities under the other laws such as the Solid Waste Disposal Act to prevent or reduce the risks asso-ciated with disposal of a chemical sub-stance or mixture. Senator V
ITTER , I know another sec-tion that is very important to you is the language around sound science and we all know you have worked to ensure that this bill fixes the scientific con-cerns of the National Academy of Science and other scientific bodies who have raised concerns with the way EPA has reviewed chemicals in the past. Could you please discuss the Congres-sional intent of the bills science provi-sions? Mr. VITTER. Thank you Senator INHOFE , the sound science provisions were a critical part of TSCA reform in my opinion and I hope this bill serves as a model for how to responsibly re-form other laws administered by EPA and other Federal Agencies that are tasked to make decisions based on science. For far too long Federal agen-cies have manipulated science to fit predetermined political outcomes, hid-ing information and underlying data, rather than using open and transparent science to justify fair and objective de-cision making. This Act seeks to change all of that and ensure that EPA uses the best available science, bases scientific decisions on the weight of the scientific evidence rather than one or two individual cherry-picked stud-ies, and forces a much greater level of transparency that forces EPA to show their work to Congress and the Amer-ican public. Congress recognized the need to use available studies, reports and rec-ommendations for purposes of chemical assessments rather than creating them from whole cloth. We do believe, how-ever, that the recommendations in re-ports of the National Academy of Sciences should not be the sole basis of the chemical assessments completed by EPA. Rather, the EPA must conduct chemical assessments consistent with all applicable statutory provisions and agency guidelines, policies and proce-dures. Further, in instances where there were other studies and reports unavailable at the time of the NAS rec-ommendations, EPA should take ad-vantage of those studies and reports in order to ensure that the science used for chemical assessments is the best available and most current science. Mr. INHOFE. Thank you for clari-fying the Congressional intent of the important science provisions in this bill. I wanted to ask you one final ques-tion that is another key element to re-forming this outdated law. It should be clear to all that H.R. 2576 attempts to ensure that the Environmental Protec-tion Agency takes the possible expo-sures to sensitive subpopulations into account when prioritizing, assessing and regulating high priority chemical substances. The goal, of course, is to ensure that factors that may influence exposures or risk are considered as the Agency assesses and determines the safety of chemical substances. A concern, however, could be that the language regarding sensitive sub-populations may be read by some to promote the concept of ‘‘low dose lin-earity’’ or ‘‘no threshold’’ for many chemicals, including substances that are not carcinogens. This concept has not been firmly established in the sci-entific community. Does H.R. 2576 ad-dress this concern? Mr. VITTER. That is an important question Senator I
NHOFE and I appre-ciate the opportunity to clarify. The Lautenberg bill tries to address the concern about forcing paralysis by analysis in several ways. First, the bill establishes that ‘unreasonable risk under the conditions of use’ as the safe-ty standard to be applied by EPA. ‘‘Un-reasonable risk’’ does not mean no risk; it means that EPA must deter-mine, on a case-by-case basis, whether the risks posed by a specific high pri-ority substance are reasonable in the circumstances of exposure and use. Second, the bill requires EPA to spe-cifically identify the sensitive sub-populations that are relevant to and within the scope of the safety assess-ment and determination on the sub-stance in question. At the same time, EPA should identify the scientific basis for the susceptibility, to ensure trans-parency for all stakeholders. In this way, the legislation affords EPA the discretion to identify relevant sub-populations but does not require—or expect—that all hypothetical sub-populations be addressed. While a principle element of this compromise is including protections for potentially susceptible subpopula-tions to better protect pregnant women and children, a core of the bill since it was first introduced by Senator Lau-tenberg and I was never to require the national standard to be protective of every identified subpopulation in every instance. If a chemical substance is being regulated in a condition of use that we know has no exposure to a sub-population, EPA should apply the ‘‘un-reasonable risk’’ standard appro-priately. In addition, it is clear that the concept of low dose linearity is not firmly established by the science, and the concept is not appropriate to apply as a default in risk evaluations. Mr. INHOFE. Thank you very much for that explanation, Senator VITTER . 
MERCURY -SPECIFIC PROVISIONS IN THE BILL  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, we rise to highlight two mercury-specific provisions—the creation of a mercury inventory and expansion of the export ban to certain mercury compounds—in the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act that the Senate will approve tonight. These provisions are sections of the Mercury Use Reduction Act that we introduced in the 112th Congress with the late Senator Frank Lautenberg, after whom this legislation is named, and with then-Senator John Kerry. Senator L
EAHY and Senator M ERKLEY have been longtime partners in these efforts. Sen-ator L
EAHY was a leader in the Sen-ate’s consideration of a resolution of disapproval concerning the Bush ad-ministration’s mercury rule. I yield to Senator L
EAHY . Mr. L
EAHY . Mr. President, I thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE . His leadership in this area has been paramount. Under the mercury inventory provi-sion, the EPA will be required to pre-pare an inventory of mercury supply, use, and trade in the United States every 3 years. Despite an EPA commit-ment in 2006 to collect this data, there is not yet any good data on mercury 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.065 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3523 June 7, 2016 
supply and uses in the United States. This lack of data has impacted our ability to reduce health risks from mercury exposure and would com-promise our ability to comply with the Minamata Convention of Mercury, which will come into force next year and to which the U.S. Government has agreed to become a party. When pre-paring the inventory, EPA shall iden-tify the remaining manufacturing and product uses in the United States and recommend revisions to federal laws or regulations for addressing the remain-ing uses. The term ‘‘revisions’’ in this provision includes both new laws or regulations or modifications to exist-ing law. To provide the data needed to com-pile the inventory, companies pro-ducing or importing mercury or mer-cury compounds or using mercury or mercury compounds will be required to report on this activity under a rule to be issued by the Administrator. To minimize any reporting burden, EPA must coordinate its reporting with State mercury product reporting re-quirements through the Interstate Mercury Education and Reduction Clearinghouse, IMERC. In addition, the provision excludes waste management activities already reported under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, RCRA, from this reporting, unless the waste management activity pro-duces mercury via retorts or other treatment operations. A company en-gaged in both waste generation or man-agement and mercury manufacture or use must report on the mercury manu-facture and use activity, since that data would not be provided under the RCRA reporting. I yield to Senator M
ERKLEY . Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I thank Senator L
EAHY . The second mercury provision builds upon the Mercury Export Ban Act of 2008, expanding the export ban cur-rently in effect for elemental mercury to certain mercury compounds pre-viously identified by EPA or other reg-ulatory bodies as capable of being trad-ed to produce elemental mercury in commercial quantities and thereby un-dermine the existing export ban. The mercury compound export ban would go into effect in 2020, providing EPA and companies ample preparation time. An exemption is provided to allow the landfilling of these compounds in Can-ada, a member country to the Organi-zation for Economic Co-operation and Development, OECD, with which we have a bilateral arrangement to allow these cross-border transfers. The ex-port is only authorized for landfilling; no form of mercury or mercury com-pound recovery, reuse, or direct use is permitted. EPA must evaluate whether such exports should continue within 5 years, in part based upon available do-mestic disposal options, and report to Congress on this evaluation so we may revise the law as needed. I have been happy to partner with Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE and Senator L EAHY on these issues. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I thank Senator MERKLEY . We are pleased these provisions were included in a bill and believe it is fitting they are included in a package designed to protect the public from toxic chemi-cals, like mercury, and named after the late Frank Lautenberg, one of the original cosponsors of the Mercury Use Reduction Act. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, may I inquire as to how much time is remain-ing? The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 7
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I will yield the time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is all the time remaining. Mr. INHOFE. That is all the time re-maining; is that correct? The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is correct. Mr. INHOFE. I will not use 7
1⁄2min-utes, but I will be using that after the vote. I do want to include one more person who has not been thanked, and that is Senator M
CCAIN. Right now we are in the middle of the must-pass bill every year, the Defense authorization bill. He was kind enough to allow us to work this in during his very busy schedule on this bill, which we are trying to get through this week. So I do thank him very much. It is important, even though we thank the same people over and over again. When it gets to Dimitri, I am going to pronounce his name right, and I will be thanking him and several oth-ers. With that, I yield our time back. I see the Senator from Massachu-setts. Mr. MARKEY. Will the Senator yield? Mr. INHOFE. Of course. Mr. MARKEY. I just want to once again compliment Senator I
NHOFE and Senator V
ITTER . It didn’t have to wind up this way. It wound up this way be-cause you reached across the aisle, be-cause you ensured that all sides were given a fair hearing, and that at the end of the day there would be this re-sult. I have been doing this for 40 years. I have been on the Environment Com-mittee for 40 years. This is not easy. From my perspective, it is historic and it is unprecedented in terms of ulti-mately how easy the Senator made this process. I was there at the table of Superfund, Clean Air Act, all the way down the line. You—you, my friend, have distinguished yourself, and along with Senator V
ITTER you have made it possible for all of us to hold hands here as this historic bill tonight will pass on the Senate floor. I just wanted to compliment the Sen-ator. Mr. INHOFE. I appreciate the re-marks of the Senator from Massachu-setts very much. Mr. President, I yield back our time and ask for the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion to concur. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, let me go through the list. As I made the statement, it is important that people recognize how long staff works around here. Quite frankly, I have often said, when they come around for a report from our committee—the Environment and Public Works Committee, the com-mittee that has the largest jurisdiction in the entire U.S. Senate—we are the committee that gets things done. If we look at the variety of philoso-phies that are present praising this work that is being done, we had the very most conservative to the very most progressive of Members, and it is not just this bill. We did the highway reauthorization bill, something that had to wait for about 8 years to get done, the largest one since 1998. We had the WRDA bill, which we anticipate is going to be a reality. It has come out of our committee. This committee also has jurisdiction over the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission and then all of the public works. As my ranking member, Senator BOXER , has said several times during this process, we get things done. Now, we do disagree on a lot of the issues on the environment. As I say to my good friends on the other side of the aisle, you have every right to be wrong, but we get things done, and I appreciate that very much. Senator M
CCAIN, I already thanked you for yielding to us to allow us to pass one of the most significant bills which we just passed by voice vote. Mr. M
CCAIN. I would be glad to be thanked again. Mr. UDALL. I am ready to do that also, if the Senator will yield. Mr. INHOFE. I yield the floor. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I will just also—has the Senator finished? I just wanted to say a few closing words and thank a few more people staying to the end, but of course the chairman needs to finish his remarks. Mr. INHOFE. Let me just quickly say—because I do want to make sure we get on the record on this, Senators Vitter and Udall, certainly the Senator from New Mexico. The way we have worked together is remarkable. The Senator has brought in Bonnie to do the work she has done. I know she wanted to be here as we are voting on this bill, but it got down to do we want to get it done tonight or do we want to take a chance for later. Dimitri Karakitsos, all these were working. Jonathan Black with Senator U
DALL ’s office has been great, and An-drew Wallace so ably represented Sen-ator U
DALL in those negotiations. I thank Michal Freedhoff in Senator M
ARKEY ’s office for the hours of work he poured into this bill. I also thank Adrian Deveny with Senator M
ERKLEY  for his work in these negotiations and Adam Zipkin representing Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.062 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3524 June 7, 2016 
BOOKER . A special thanks goes to Bill Ghent and Emily Spain with Senator C
ARPER . Senator C ARPER has not been mentioned much tonight, but he has been very active in getting this done. Emily Enderle with Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE . Senators Carper, Whitehouse, Merkley, and Booker have been part-ners in getting this completed. Finally, I appreciate, as I have said many times before, Senator B
OXER and her team, Bettina Poirier and Jason Albritton, for working with us in support of this bill. We have done not just this bill but a lot of bills in the committee, and these same characters keep coming up. So it is the staff who has driven this thing. I have to say, my chief of staff, the one most prominent on the com-mittee, obviously did so much of the work on this. So, Ryan Jackson, you did a great job. With that, I yield the floor. Mr. UDALL. I thank the chairman. I just want to say to Chairman I
NHOFE , the bipartisanship he showed is incred-ible, and it showed what a significant accomplishment we could have. I also want to thank so much Senator M
CCAINfor allowing us to fit a little slice here in the middle of this very im-portant bill, the NDAA, which I know he works on all year long. He does a terrific job. He allowed us to come in. He knew my uncle, Mo Udall. They served together in the House. I said: I hope you will do this for Mo. He just got a very big smile on his face because he spent so much time with him. Mr. INHOFE. Will the Senator yield? Mr. UDALL. I will yield. Mr. INHOFE. I save one of the best for last, and that is Alex Herrgott. I ne-glected to mention him. Mr. UDALL. Of course, Alex, thank you. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to use enough time here to just get through my thank-yous. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it so ordered. Mr. UDALL. The House and the Sen-ate passed bills. We didn’t actually go through conference committee, but we worked hard on those differences from late December through just a few weeks ago. We faced challenges work-ing out a final agreement with the House. We had two very different bills. Both had broad bipartisan support, but they took very different paths to fix our broken chemical safety program, but we worked through those issues too. Although this was not a formal conference, it was a true bicameral process with a lot of give-and-take. To that end, I want to ensure the record reflects a number of views that I and some of my colleagues have about the final product. We are not filing a traditional con-ference report, but Senators B
OXER , M
ARKEY , MERKLEY , and I have prepared a document to enshrine the views we have on the compromised language. That will be added to the R
ECORD for posterity on our final product. I thank all of our Senate and House colleagues who were instrumental in pulling this together. Again, Chairman INHOFE was a driving force, and Sen-ators V
ITTER , CRAPO , CAPITO , and Sen-ators M
ERKLEY , M ARKEY , and B OXER . Throughout this entire process, Rank-ing Member B
OXER and I didn’t always agree. We are of the same party, but we also have different opinions about the most important aspects of this legisla-tion. I want to say I sincerely appre-ciate her work and advocacy, espe-cially on State preemption. She is a force. All of my colleagues know that. She worked hard to improve this bill. The legislative process is an important one, and I believe it played out to a good resolution. I also thank her and her staff, Bettina Poirier and Jason Albritton, for their dedication and work. Then, my staff members who have been men-tioned here several times were crucial: Jonathan Black, Andrew Wallace, Mike Collins, Bianca Ortiz Wertheim, and all my staff who over these 3 years kicked in and helped out when the heavy bur-den was on the folks I have mentioned. On the House side, I thank Chairman F
RED UPTON , Subcommittee Chairman J
OHN SHIMKUS , of course Leader P
ELOSI , Democrat Whip H OYER , Rank-ing Member P
ALLONE , and Representa-tives D
EGETTE and G REEN . They all worked tirelessly to advocate for re-form. I would like to mention their staff members as well: Republican staff, Dave McCarthy, Jerry Couri, Tina Richardson, Chris Sarley, and the Democratic staff, Rick Kessler, Jackie Cohen, Tuley Wright, Jean Frucci, and especially Mary Frances Repko with Representative H
OYER ’s office, and El-eanor Bastion and Sergio Espinosa with Representatives D
EGETTE ’s and G
REEN ’s offices. All these staff and so many more worked tirelessly to advo-cate for their members and shape and move this complex and important leg-islation, and of course my own staff and many more whom I did not men-tion, many Senate and House staff who have come and gone over the long proc-ess but played very important roles. There are too many to try and list, but let me say thanks to the good folks at the House and Senate legislative coun-sel offices. Throughout this process, we used both offices a tremendous amount and appreciated their patience and good work, especially Michelle John-son-Weider, Maureen Contreni, and Deanna Edwards at the Senate legisla-tive counsel. A law like this takes so much work from all these offices and staff. I know my own staff could not have possibly done it without the expertise and ad-vice of the experts at the Environ-mental Protection Agency. Of course, Administrator Gina McCarthy and her top assistant, Administrator Jim Jones, deserve a great deal of gratitude for all they did to help support our ef-forts and ensure we got it right, and many congressional liaisons, program officers, and lawyers from the general counsel’s office. My staff and others spent many evenings and weekends with EPA experts on calls to make sure we were getting the text right. Here are just a few: Wendy Cleland-Hamnet, Ryan Wallace, Priscilla Flattery, Kevin McLean, Brian Grant, David Berol, Laura Vaught, Nichole Distefano, Sven-Erik Kaiser, Tristan Brown, Ryan Schmit, Don Sadowsky, and Scott Sherlock. I thank them all and put them on alert: The real job for the EPA is only beginning. I am about finished, Senator MAR-
KEY. Mr. MARKEY. One second. I just wanted to reinforce what the Senator just said. On the House side, F
RED U
PTON , FRANK PALLONE , NANCY PELOSI , and S
TENY HOYER , that incredible staff, Mary Frances Repko, over there, just indispensable. That is why it happened. It is bipartisan, bicameral. I thank the Senator for yielding. Mr. UDALL. I thank the Senator. He knows, because he has served so many years, how important it is to have good staff. I want to make sure we get them thanked here. I appreciate that. Implementation of this law is going to be extremely important. As the ranking member on the Appropriations Committee with jurisdiction over EPA, I will remain very involved in ensuring that this law gets implemented well. Finally, I also recognize all the great advocates for reform who pushed Con-gress to act and kept pushing until we did act. Of course, I need to start by thanking the Environmental Defense Fund. In particular, Fred Krupp and his staff, Richard Denison, Joanna Slaney, and Jack Pratt. Let me also thank Dr. Lynn Goldman, the dean of Public Health at George Washington University, and the good advocates at Moms Clean Air Force, the Humane So-ciety, the National Wildlife Federa-tion, the March of Dimes, the Physi-cians Committee for Responsible Medi-cine, the Building Trades, the Amer-ican Association of Justice, and so many others. They reminded us that we are working for reform that would improve the lives of countless mothers, fathers, and children. From New Mex-ico to Michigan, from California to Maine, they reminded us that the American people need a working chem-ical safety program. I know there are many other groups in the environmental and public health community that took a different ap-proach to our bill. I understand and ap-preciate where they were coming from—groups like Safer Chemicals, Healthy Families, and the Natural Re-sources Defense Council. They brought passion and conviction to the debate and stood firm on principles. They played a great and important role, and I want to thank them for that. Good legislation takes work. It takes give-and-take from everyone, including industry groups, the American Chem-istry Council, the American Cleaning Institute, and over 100 other members of the American Alliance for Innova-tion. Thank you for engaging in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.091 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3525 June 7, 2016 
process to get this done. Many thou-sands of Americans have worked for chemical safety reform over the last four decades. I am thanking you for not giving up. My dad always said—and Senator M
CCAIN knew my father Stewart Udall—‘‘Get it done, but get it done right.’’ And today I can say that not only did we get it done, but we got it done right. Let’s not forget, this is just one step in the process. We must find a way to work collaboratively as we turn to the next step—implementation. Im-plementation needs to be done and needs to be done right. I look forward to working with all of these members and groups to ensure we have a strong, workable chemical safe-ty program. Thank you, Senator M
CCAIN. I am sorry if this went longer than you ex-pected. I know my Uncle Mo is looking down and saying thank you to you and my father Stewart and the long rela-tionship you have had with the Udall family and the chapters in your books about Mo Udall and that relationship. So thank you so much, and I thank also Ranking Member J
ACK REED for his patience. I know the hour is getting late. Thank you so much. I yield the floor. Mr. M
CCAIN. Will the Senator yield? I just wonder if there is anyone left in America whom he has not thanked. Mr. UDALL. I did my best. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4549 TO AMENDMENT NO . 4229 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 4549 to McCain amend-ment No. 4229, and I ask unanimous consent that it be reported by number. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amendment by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. R EED] proposes an amendment numbered 4549 to amendment No. 4229. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To authorize parity for defense and nondefense spending pursuant to the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2015) At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 1513. OTHER OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OP-ERATIONS MATTERS. 
(a) A DJUSTMENTS .—Section 101(d) of the Bi-partisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114– 74; 129 Stat. 587) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2)(B) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(B) for fiscal year 2017, $76,798,000,000.’’; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) For purposes authorized by section 1513(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act of 2017, $18,000,000,000.’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL PURPOSES .—In addition to amounts already authorized to be appro-priated or made available under an appro-priation Act making appropriations for fis-cal year 2017, there are authorized to be ap-propriated for fiscal year 2017— (1) $2,000,000,000 to address cybersecurity vulnerabilities, which shall be allocated by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget among nondefense agencies; (2) $1,100,000,000 to address the heroin and opioid crisis, including funding for law en-forcement, treatment, and prevention; (3) $1,900,000,000 for budget function 150 to implement the integrated campaign plan to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant, for assistance under the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1721 et seq.), for assistance for Israel, Jordan, and Lebanon, and for embassy security; (4) $1,400,000,000 for security and law en-forcement needs, including funding for— (A) the Department of Homeland Secu-rity— (i) for the Transportation Security Admin-istration to reduce wait times and improve security; (ii) to hire 2,000 new Customs and Border Protection Officers; and (iii) for the Coast Guard; (B) law enforcement at the Department of Justice, such as the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation and hiring under the Community Oriented Policing Services program; and (C) the Federal Emergency Management Agency for grants to State and local first re-sponders; (5) $3,200,000,000 to meet the infrastructure needs of the United States, including— (A) funding for the transportation invest-ment generating economic recovery grant program carried out by the Secretary of Transportation (commonly known as ‘‘TIGER grants’’); and (B) funding to address maintenance, con-struction, and security-related backlogs for— (i) medical facilities and minor construc-tion projects of the Department of Veterans Affairs; (ii) the Federal Aviation Administration; (iii) rail and transit systems; (iv) the National Park System; and (v) the HOME Investment Partnerships Program authorized under title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12721 et seq.); (6) $1,900,000,000 for water infrastructure, including grants and loans for rural water systems, State revolving funds, and funds to mitigate lead contamination, including a grant to Flint, Michigan; (7) $3,498,000,000 for science and technology, including— (A) $2,000,000,000 for the National Institutes of Health; and (B) $1,498,000,000 for the National Science Foundation, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the Department of Energy research, including ARPA-E, and De-partment of Agriculture research; (8) $1,900,000,000 for Zika prevention and treatment; (9) $202,000,000 for wildland fire suppression; and (10) $900,000,000 to fully implement the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act (Public Law 111–353; 124 Stat. 3885) and protect food safe-ty, the Every Student Succeeds Act (Public Law 114–95; 129 Stat. 1802), the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400), the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.), and for college affordability. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I look for-ward to a very thoughtful debate to-morrow. Senator M
CCAIN has intro-duced an amendment that would in-crease spending with respect to the De-partment of Defense and related func-tions. In this amendment, we are pro-posing an additional increase in non-defense programs. I look forward to to-morrow. I thank the chairman for his consid-eration through the process of this floor debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. MCCAIN. Mr. President, I thank my friend from Rhode Island and look forward to vigorous debate on both the initial amendment and the second-de-gree amendment proposed by my friend from Rhode Island. I would like to en-gage in very vigorous debate on both, and hopefully, for the benefit of my colleagues, cloture on both will be filed by the majority leader and hopefully we can finish debate on it either late morning tomorrow or early afternoon, if necessary, so we can move on to other amendments. Let’s have no doubt about how im-portant this debate and discussion on this amendment will be tomorrow. We are talking about $18 billion. In the case of the Senator from Rhode Island, I am sure there are numerous billions more as well. I think it deserves every Members’ attention and debate. I say to my friend from Rhode Island, I certainly understand the point of view and the position they have taken, and from a glance at this, it looks like there are some areas of funding that are related to national security that I think are supportable. There are others that are not, but we look forward to the debate tomorrow, and hopefully any Member who wants to be involved will come down and engage in this de-bate. We would like to wrap it up to-morrow because there are a number of other amendments pending. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, it was extraordinary to watch this bipartisan effort on TSCA. An hour ago, Senator P
ETERS and I thought we were going to have floor time for some brief remarks. I would like to ask unanimous consent that Senator P
ETERS have the chance to ad-dress the issues he thought he was going to address, and he is going to be brief. I will go next. I will be brief. I ask unanimous consent that following Senator P
ETERS ’ remarks, I be allowed to address the Senate briefly. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Michigan. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4138 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise to thank Chairman M
CCAINand Ranking Member R
EEDfor their support and for their help in passing the Peters amend-ment No. 4138 to the National Defense Authorization Act. I also would like to thank my colleagues Senators D
AINES , T
ILLIS , and G ILLIBRAND for joining me in this important bipartisan amend-ment. I would also like to thank all the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.085 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3526 June 7, 2016 
Members who cosponsored the amend-ment, including Senators T
ESTER , STA-
BENOW , K IRK, S ANDERS , S TABENOW , B
LUMENTHAL , B OXER , and Chairman M
CCAIN. We have far too many servicemem-bers who are suffering from trauma-re-lated conditions such as post-trau-matic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury. Unfortunately, many of these servicemembers have received a less-than-honorable discharge, also known as a bad paper discharge. These former servicemembers can receive bad paper discharges for misconduct that is often linked to behavior seen from those suffering from PTSD, TBI, or other trauma-related conditions. The effects of traumatic brain injury can include cognitive problems, including headaches, memory issues, and atten-tion deficits. In addition to combat- sustained injuries, PTSD and TBI can also be the result of military sexual trauma. Bad paper discharges make former servicemembers who are suffering from service-connected conditions ineligible for a number of the benefits they have earned and have become ineligible when they need them the most. These discharges put servicemembers at risk of losing access to VA health care and veterans homelessness prevention pro-grams. This is completely unaccept-able. I would like to share a story of a former servicemember who shared his experience with my office in Michigan. This individual was deployed in Af-ghanistan in 2008 as a machine gunner. For his performance overseas, he re-ceived a number of awards, including the Combat Action Ribbon, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Navy Mer-itorious Unit Commendation, Afghani-stan Campaign Medal, Sea Service De-ployment Ribbon, and the National De-fense Service Medal. When he returned home, he began suffering from agita-tion, inability to sleep, blackouts, and difficulties with comprehension. He was scheduled to be evaluated for TBI. However, that evaluation never occurred. He began drinking to help himself sleep and received an other- than-honorable discharge after failing a drug test. Following his discharge, the VA diagnosed him with TBI, and he began treatment. The VA later determined he was in-eligible for treatment due to the char-acter of his discharge, and his treat-ment ceased immediately. He was later evaluated by a psychologist special-izing in trauma management who de-termined that the behavior that led to his discharge was the result of his TBI and PTSD. He petitioned the Discharge Review Board for a discharge upgrade and pre-sented the medical evidence of both TBI and PTSD. However, the Discharge Review Board considered his medical evidence to be irrelevant and his peti-tion was denied. This Michigander has since experi-enced periods of homelessness and has had difficulty maintaining a job. This is an example of someone who is suf-fering as a result of service to his coun-try, and yet the VA denied his request for benefits on the basis of this dis-charge. The Discharge Review Board also denied his request to upgrade his discharge, despite his presenting clear evidence of his condition. We must stop denying care to serv-icemembers with stories like this and start providing them with the benefits they deserve and earned through their service. We have a responsibility to treat those who defend our freedom with dignity, respect, and compassion. Last year I introduced the Fairness for Veterans Act, and the Peters- Daines-Tillis-Gillibrand amendment that was unanimously accepted by this body is a modified version of that bill. The Peters amendment would ensure liberal consideration will be given to petitions for changes in characteriza-tions of service related to PTSD or TBI before Discharge Review Boards. The Peters amendment also clarifies that PTSD and TBI claims that are re-lated to military sexual trauma should also receive liberal considerations. I would like to thank the many veterans service organizations that advocated tirelessly on behalf of this amendment and legislation. I would like to recognize the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, Dis-abled Veterans of America, Military Officers Association of America, the American Legion, Paralyzed Veterans of America, Vietnam Veterans of America, Veterans of Foreign Wars, United Soldiers and Sailors of Amer-ica, and Swords to Plowshares. In addition to seeing strong support from these veteran services organiza-tions, this has also been a bicameral ef-fort. I would also like to thank Rep-resentative M
IKECOFFMAN of Colorado and T
IMWALZof Minnesota, who intro-duced the companion bill in the House and are supportive of this amendment. Servicemembers who are coping with the invisible wounds inflicted during their service and were subject to a bad paper discharge should not lose access to the benefits they have rightfully earned. That is why we must ensure that all veterans get the fair process they deserve when petitioning for a change in characterization of their dis-charge. The Peters amendment No. 4138 will do just that. I am proud that today this body unanimously approved this important amendment that I authored with Sen-ators D
AINES , TILLIS , and G ILLIBRAND . I look forward to working with my House colleagues to ensure this provi-sion remains in the conference bill. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, as the Senate works on the Defense bill, it is important to note the shameful squan-dering of taxpayer money by a defense contractor accused of willfully expos-ing U.S. soldiers to toxic chemicals while they served in Iraq. In 2003, courageous American sol-diers, including members of Oregon’s National Guard, were given the task of protecting workers of Kellogg Brown & Root, KBR, at the Qarmat Ali water treatment plant in southern Iraq. Some of these soldiers are suing KBR on the grounds that the contractor knowingly exposed them to dangerous carcinogenic substances such as so-dium dichromate and hexavalent chro-mium. Many of these soldiers have re-ported serious illnesses, and at least one has already passed away at a sur-prisingly young age. KBR has fought this case, as is their right, and nor-mally this would not be an issue for the Congress, but this is not a normal case because KBR isn’t paying for the case. The American taxpayer is picking up the bill. KBR’s contract with the Pentagon includes an indemnification clause. This, of course, is legalese that means that the U.S. taxpayer is on the hook not only for any damages in-curred as a result of the contractor’s actions but also for legal bills and ad-ministrative costs incurred during legal battles. It makes no difference if the contractor is at fault or not. In this case KBR has run up exorbi-tant and wasteful legal bills in the course of its lengthy legal defenses against the soldiers’ claims. The Pen-tagon, in essence, gave these contrac-tors a blank check. Predictably, KBR has run very high legal fees, paying first-class airfare for lawyers, wit-nesses, and executives, secure in the knowledge that the taxpayer was pick-ing up the tab. Along with attorneys billing at $750 an hour, taxpayers are on the hook to pay at least one expert more than $600,000 for testimony and consultation and apparently time spent napping. Of course, there is no incentive for KBR to bring the legal cases to a conclusion. The lawyers can run fees until the cows come home because they know they will not have to pay a dime no matter how the case turns out. Fortunately, in this indemnity case, and in others, there is a solution pro-vided in the same contract. The con-tract empowers the Department of De-fense to take over the litigation and look out for the interest of the Amer-ican taxpayer who is footing the bill. For reasons that are hard to calculate, the Pentagon has refused to do this in the KBR case, despite my having urged several Secretaries of Defense to exer-cise this authority, and so the litiga-tion continues with no end in sight. That is why I have filed amendment No. 4510 to the 2017 National Defense Authorization Act. The amendment di-rects the Department of Defense to ex-ercise its contractual right to take over litigation for indemnified contrac-tors in cases where the legal process runs more than 2 years. In doing so, it will bring the seemingly never-ending litigation to a timely resolution and save taxpayers from throwing good money after bad as the process drags on and on year after year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.086 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3527 June 7, 2016 
The amendment isn’t an attempt to relitigate the decision to indemnify contractors in the first place. What this commonsense amendment seeks to do is to make sure that the blank checks being picked up by taxpayers stop. This is critical because the gov-ernment has an obligation to ensure that these legal bills don’t cost the taxpayers any more than necessary, and certainly the American taxpayer does not need to be padding the pock-ets of the lawyers of the contractors. I want to be clear: The amendment does not prejudice the outcome of the legal case in any way. It simply en-sures that when the taxpayers pay the bill, the government that represents the American taxpayer is in control in-stead of a contractor’s lawyer. It seems to me that the Senate owes that to the American taxpayer. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment when it is considered later in the course of the day. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, when I was growing up in the Eastern Plains of Colorado, one of the things I was hoping to do after graduating from col-lege and entering the workforce was to work in the space program. I des-perately wanted to be an engineer—an astronaut. I wanted to live that dream that was played on the television when I was growing up and when there were movies such as ‘‘The Right Stuff.’’ When I was growing up in the mid- 1980s, the movies they showed idealized the world of space exploration. I grew up idolizing the astronauts. I can remember as a child writing a letter to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or NASA, and basically telling them that I was really interested in becoming an astronaut and how I could someday do that. Lit-tle did I know that my mom, all these years later, kept the response from NASA, and the letter had the old ‘‘worm’’ NASA logo on top. The re-sponse came with a picture of the most recent space shuttle mission, which in-cluded Sally Ride. Of course we know Sally Ride, the first female in the space shuttle program. I remember how excited I was to get that letter back. Years later, I looked at the actual content of the letter and noted that they weren’t necessarily quite as kind in confirming my aspirations when they laid out how difficult it would be to become a rocket scientist—to be-come an aerospace engineer and to go on and pursue that dream. Lo and be-hold, they were right. I ended up pur-suing a different direction in college and beyond, but I always had great ad-miration and respect for the men and women of our space program. Growing up on the Eastern Plains of Colorado was a fascinating experience. I learned how people ran their busi-nesses and how today many of our trac-tors and combines rely on the very space programs that I was admiring. The roots of the space program that we saw in the 1970s and 1980s are being uti-lized today to steer tractors, satellite- guided equipment, to locate the best yield in a field through combines that use global positioning systems and pre-cision farming data to better their op-erations. Of course, we have these de-bates today that remind me about those conversations. We have debates today over policy about how we are going to see the future of space, how we are going to see the future of secu-rity, how we are going to see the future of rocket launches in this country. It reminds me of the conversations that I had with those farmers in the Eastern Plains. My family sells farm equipment today in a little, tiny town out by Kan-sas. Oftentimes farmers would come in and talk about how they would be more productive this year and what kind of equipment they needed to be tailor-made for their operation, how they could create a farming program with the farm equipment they would buy in order to have the right type of tractor, the right type of combine, or the right type of tillage equipment to meet the needs of their operation. When they would come in and talk to us about what kind of farm equipment best fit their needs, they would look at what price range they had to deal with—what was more affordable or less affordable. They would look at the util-ity of a single piece of equipment. Could this tractor or combine meet all of their needs? Could it harvest corn and sunflowers? Could it harvest soy-beans? Could it pick sunflower seeds? Could it pick up dried beans? Those are the conversations we would have. What they didn’t do was come in and say: Hey, I want to buy a piece of equipment that costs 35 percent more than any other piece of equipment and doesn’t fit the needs of our operation. We sold red farm equipment. There may have been equipment that some-body would want to do that with, but the fact is this: When they came into our store, they wanted farm equipment that would fit their needs at the right price and was able to meet the de-mands of all of their operations so they wouldn’t have to use a tractor for this field and a different tractor for that field or pay for a tractor that costs 35 percent more over here and a tractor that didn’t fulfill all of their needs over there. When I look at the debates today over the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act and how we are handling our Nation’s rocket program, the EELV programs—the debate that has occu-pied this Congress for a number of years—I think back to the common sense of those farmers on the High Plains of Colorado because what is common sense on the High Plains is just plain sense in Washington, DC, and that is what we are facing during this debate over what rockets we are going to allow this country to use in the fu-ture. That is the argument that we are making today. It is an argument about competition, it is an argument about costs, and it is an argument about what is actually going to fulfill all of our needs in space and not leave us without the capability to meet our na-tional security space missions. That is the critical part of what we are talking about today. Just as those farmers on the Eastern Plains did—they talked about the best fit for their mission to make sure they could plant their crops, to make sure they could get the crops out of the field and do it in an afford-able manner so they would still be in operation the next year despite the fact that they had historically low commodity prices, just as we are facing a historically tight budget in the U.S. Congress. What we are talking about is our na-tional security. It is not about tractors in a field, and it is not about whether we are going to have the right com-bine. This debate is about national se-curity space missions. This debate is about having the right kind of rocket to launch a critical mission that might include a satellite on top that is for missile launch detection, or perhaps it is a rocket that is going to put into orbit a device that will listen and pro-vide opportunities for us to know what is happening across the world or across the United States. Maybe it is some-thing that is related to that organiza-tion that I was so desperate to join, the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, NASA. Maybe it is the Dream Chaser from Sierra Nevada Cor-poration, which is attempting to build a vehicle that will be placed on top of one of the rockets that might be no longer available, should the current language of the National Defense Au-thorization Act move forward. We have the same kinds of debates every day in our business, whether you are a farmer or a car dealer, but this is about our security, this is about our defense, and this is about our ability to provide competition in space, to pro-vide rockets that compete for business, to provide rockets that are cost effec-tive for their mission, to provide rock-ets for this country to meet those crit-ical missions that we talked about that are reliable and have a proven record. That is what we are doing today, and that is why Senator B
ILLNELSON of Florida and I have together worked on amendment No. 4509 to make sure when it comes to our ability to reach space, to reach the orbits that we need to, we can do it in a cost environment that re-flects the reality of budgets today and do it in a way that we know can be re-liable. This amendment will address those concerns by peeling out the lan-guage of the National Defense Author-ization Act to ensure competition, to ensure reliability, to ensure afford-ability, and to assure that those agen-cies such as NASA or perhaps USGS and other agencies that are relying on space more and more have the ability and capacity to reach the orbits they are trying to reach. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.087 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3528 June 7, 2016 
The Nelson-Gardner amendment assures competition. That is something we have all agreed is critically impor-tant as we look to the future of our space and launch programs. This ad-dresses the certification of the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle, the EELV program that I mentioned before, to make sure that a provider can be awarded a national security launch for one of these critical missions by using any launch vehicle in its inventory. Why is that important? Because we need to make sure that the U.S. Gov-ernment has the ability to receive the best value. It is the same conversation those farmers were having about what farm equipment they were going to use back home, except this is a critical na-tional security space mission. If we prevent this language from being removed or if we don’t allow the Nelson-Gardner amendment to move forward, then it is going to be very dif-ficult for us to have that competition. For instance, you are looking at the possibility that a rocket we are using right now known as the Atlas V rocket, which has never failed, would be forced to bid for future rocket missions; that is, United Launch Alliance, which makes the Atlas V rocket right now, would be forced to bid using more ex-pensive Delta forerunners. To be expen-sive is one thing, but to cost 35 percent more than what we already have today is missing that common sense that I talked about on the High Plains of Col-orado. This amendment will make sure that we abide by the request of the U.S. Air Force, which is concerned that if we allow the provision of the National De-fense Authorization Act to move for-ward today, that would bar our ability to use certain rocket engines; that if the Atlas V, which relies on this rocket engine, is banned prematurely from DOD’s use, that alternative—which means they would have to use that Delta IV rocket—would cost an addi-tional $1.5 to $5 billion more versus simply relying on the proven and effec-tive rocket that we have today. I think everybody in this Chamber agrees that we can move to a different rocket than the Atlas V, which relies on the engine prohibited under the act. Everybody agrees with that, but what they don’t agree with is the fact that we would spend $1.5 billion more to achieve this goal. We are going to be debating very soon an amendment that will add $18 billion and put that money into our de-fense because people are concerned that we have a dwindling capacity in our military to meet the needs around the globe for U.S. national security needs; that our men and women in uni-form don’t have the dollars they need to fix the equipment they are relying upon. This Chamber is going to be voting on putting more money into national defense. Allowing the language that is currently in the bill would bar our abil-ity to use this engine in an existing rocket, and it would cost $1.5 billion more. The fiscally responsible thing to do is to allow for competition, to allow this rocket to continue to be used, to allow this engine to continue to be used as we transition out of this engine and in a few years to have a different type of engine and different type of rocket that they are working on right now. And in a few years we will have it. To say that we are going to change and eliminate competition today, we are going to drive up costs by 35 percent, and we are going to turn to a rocket that can’t meet all the orbits, can’t meet all our needs, and doesn’t have the track record of the Atlas V—that is the definition of irresponsibility. Adding $1.5 billion to $5 billion of cost and also eliminating competition is not what I think this place should stand for. The Senate should stand for competition. We should achieve what remarkable changes we have seen in the space program, as more people are entering into the rocket market. We have seen new entrants into rocket launchers—and that is what we are talking about today—to continue the competition, not lessen the competi-tion by eliminating it, taking offline models of rockets and then spending $5 billion more. We have already talked about the farmer sitting in the field. If he has a combine that could cost 35 percent more but does the same job as the one that cost 35 percent less, which one is he going to choose? Which one would his banker want him to choose? The American people would want us to go with what is proven and what is reli-able. Let’s transition off of it—you bet—but not at an increased cost to our defense of $1.5 billion to $5 billion more. To support this amendment and the rocket competition that this Nation deserves is what is fiscally conserv-ative. The pro-competition position en-sures that the U.S. Air Force and Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration will have access to space. It is about meeting the needs of those in our Air Force, NASA, and others who have said that we need this critical mission. As General Hyten testified before this Congress, the Department of De-fense will incur additional costs to re-configure missions to fly on a different rocket—the Delta IV we have been talking about and the Delta IV Heavy—because the competitor to the Atlas V doesn’t have a rocket as capa-ble as the Atlas V and can fly to only half of the necessary orbits. In 2015 and 2016, the Air Force and the Defense Department leadership tes-tified to the need for additional RD–180 engines—that is the engine that we have been talking about that is stripped out of the Atlas V, ending the Atlas V program—to compete for launches and to assure that the United States doesn’t lose assured access to space, making sure we can get to where we need to go to place a satellite in the orbit it needs to be in to provide secu-rity for this country. We can do it with a reliable system at an affordable cost. We talked about competition. The Nelson-Gardner amendment promotes competition by allowing the Defense Department to contract for launch services with any certified launch vehi-cle until December 2022, allowing com-petition to 2022 and transitioning out of the RD–180 so that we can have more competition in the future. The language we have been dis-cussing—I believe it is section 1036 or 1037 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act—eliminates this competition. It puts an end to it by ending the use of these engines and basically taking out the Atlas V rocket. The Atlas V, again, is the United States’ most cost effective and capable launch vehicle. According to the Congressional Re-search Service, the Atlas V rocket, which is powered by the RD–180 engine, has had 68 successful Atlas V launches since 2000. The Atlas V has never expe-rienced a failure. When talking about competition, cost, reliability, and put-ting a satellite on top of a rocket— where many times that satellite costs more than the rocket itself—we can’t afford a failure from a fiscal stand-point, and we certainly can’t afford a failure from a security standpoint. That is why we need reliability and a proven track record. This debate is complicated. People for years have talked about the Atlas V, the Delta IV, and the Falcon 9. Peo-ple ask: What does it all mean, which engine do we use, how do we transition, and why did we end up in this position in the first place? There are a lot of people who have come to the floor on different issues, saying it is not rocket science, but, in-deed, today we are talking about rock-et science and the need to have an Atlas V rocket that provides competi-tion, reliability, and the opportunity for the United States to meet our na-tional security needs. Without the Nelson-Gardner amend-ment, the underlying language of the National Defense Authorization Act legislates a monopoly. It creates a mo-nopoly with the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle Program, or EELV, be-cause only one company would be al-lowed to fairly compete. While we have all committed to competition and we all have said we are going to transition away from this rocket engine, we actu-ally would be passing legislation that would create a legislative monopoly. That is not plain common sense; that is nonsense. It is important to note that the De-partment of Defense isn’t the one that is buying these rocket engines in the first place. The Department of Defense buys the launch services. The Nelson- Gardner amendment would allow United Launch Alliance and others to compete for missions with the Atlas V. The ULA is competing with the Atlas V. Others could be competing as well. If the ULA does not win the competi-tion, the Department of Defense will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.088 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3529 June 7, 2016 
not be using the RD–180 engine. It makes sense to me. Promoting this open and fair com-petition to get the best deal for the taxpayers of this country—to get the best deal for national security needs in this country—is the fiscally respon-sible path forward and allows the DOD to achieve those priorities. It allows the Air Force to reach the space that they need to. It is not just the Air Force; it is the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of the Air Force, Com-mander of the U.S. Space Command, the Air Force teaching staff, and many others who have testified before this Congress in support of continued use of the RD–180 rocket engine until a new domestic engine is certified for na-tional security space engines. Com-pared to the Delta IV, the Atlas V can reach every national security space mission that we need with certified, 100-percent reliability from the Atlas V. We don’t have that anywhere else. It has been made clear by the Sec-retary of Defense, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, the Secretary of the Air Force, and the Commander of Space Command that ensuring Amer-ica’s access to space is an issue of na-tional security, as well as protecting the taxpayers’ dollars that are already so scarce in the defense budget. Why would we add an additional $1 billion in cost by eliminating competition when we ought to be doing the exact oppo-site? The Nelson-Gardner amendment pro-motes national security by assuring re-liable access to space that we talked about, to make sure that we have a certified launch service available with a proven track record. The Atlas V rocket is one of the most successful rockets in American history. Since 2000, we have had 68 consecutive suc-cessful launches with zero failures, ac-cording to the Congressional Research Service. That is a 16-year track record. According to the Department of De-fense—and this is important—if Atlas V restrictions are imposed, certain missions would sustain up to 2
1⁄2years of delay. We have threats emerging around the globe. This past week I had the oppor-tunity to visit South Korea. We met with General Brooks, and we talked about the need this country has in as-suring a denuclearized Korean penin-sula to make sure that North Korea doesn’t possess the capability to launch a nuclear weapon that could hit the mainland of the United States. That is not something that can wait year after year because we made a de-cision that costs the taxpayer more and lessens our capacity and capability of going into space. In fact, what I heard from General Brooks and from others in South Korea is that our intelligence needs and re-quirements in North Korea are only in-creasing. So why would we decrease competition? Why would we decrease access to space? Why would we increase costs when our security needs are growing? The Nelson-Gardner amendment assures that we have this access be-cause we know if there is a 21⁄2-year delay, not only does that prevent us from putting important assets into space, it will also drive up costs. The space-based infrared system, SBIRS, warning satellites designed for ballistic missile detection from anywhere in the world, particularly countries such as North Korea, would be delayed. The Mobile User Objective System and Ad-vanced Extremely High Frequency sat-ellite systems that are designed to de-liver vital communications capabilities to our armed services around the world would both be delayed. According to a letter dated the 23rd of May from the Deputy Secretary of Defense, ‘‘losing/delaying the capa-bility to place position and navigation, communication, missile warning, nu-clear detection, intelligence, surveil-lance, and reconnaissance satellites in orbit would be significant.’’ Challenges to our freedom around the globe in the Middle East, North Korea, along with what is happening in South-east Asia and the radicalization occur-ring in certain countries mean we can’t afford delay. We can’t afford cost in-creases. It is not just the defense bill. It is not just the Secretary of the Air Force. It is these agencies that we have also talked about tonight, like NASA. The Nelson-Gardner amendment sup-ports our civil space missions by ensur-ing access and allowing Federal Gov-ernment agencies to contract any cer-tified launch service provider because many of those missions that are crit-ical to NASA’s success outside of the DOD are designed to fly atop an Atlas V rocket. According to the Wall Street Journal, while the underlying NDAA language only directly impacts the De-partment of Defense, the result ‘‘is likely to raise the price of remaining NASA missions because massive over-head costs would have to be spread across fewer launches.’’ That goes back to the conversation about buying one piece of equipment, not a separate combine to harvest corn, a separate combine to harvest wheat, a separate combine to pick up beans. Buy one combine with different attachments, and you can do it all. That is what we are trying to do to make sure that we have the capability in the equipment because if there is a NASA mission and they are placing a Dream Chaser on top of it, or if you are placing something to do with the Orion mission, which is designed to be on top of the Atlas V, you are going to drive up the costs. You have the costs being driven up by the rocket because there are higher costs being spread across fewer agencies. You have a higher cost because you have to redesign the Orion and the Dream Chaser to fit the new rocket. You are going to be delayed, possibly, because of those changes, and it is going to result in higher costs. So we have a responsibility to the American people in how we transition away from the RD–180 engine while en-suring reliability, access, and main-taining competition. It is by keeping the Atlas V. At a Senate Appropriations Com-mittee hearing on March 10, NASA Ad-ministrator Bolden highlighted the need for the Atlas V by stating, ‘‘We are counting on ULA being able to get the number of engines that will satisfy requirements for NASA to fly.’’ That is not a congressional staffer making it up in the back room of the mail office; that is the Administrator of NASA. He went on to talk about the mission’s im-pact. He talked about the Dream Chas-er, which was recently awarded a cargo resupply services contract. This isn’t pie-in-the-sky kind of stuff; this is a company that has already been award-ed a cargo resupply service contract to supply the International Space Sta-tion. The Dream Chaser was designed to fly atop the Atlas V rocket. The lan-guage in the NDAA would strip this ability to use that rocket. Our amend-ment, the Nelson-Gardner amendment, would allow us to use the commonsense approach, to use that plain sense that I talked about. Michael Griffen, former NASA Ad-ministrator, weighed in on the issue, stating: 
A carefully chosen committee led by How-ard Mitchell, United States Air Force, Re-tired, made two key recommendations in the present matter: 1. Proceed with all delib-erate speed to develop an American replace-ment for the Russian RD–180 engine [and we agree], and while that development is being carried out, buy all the RD–180s we can to ensure that there is no gap in U.S. access to space for national security payloads. I see no reason to alter those recommendations. 
We are talking about a hard stop of 2022 so that we can replace the rocket with our own. But in the meantime, let’s use some common sense. Let’s make sure we are saving the taxpayer dollars. Let’s make sure we are not putting an additional cost—pulling $1.5 billion out of our defense budget to cover something that we can already do, when their resources are already far too scare. Let’s make sure we have a reliable platform to reach all of the orbits we need to, a platform that has had 68 consecutive launches to achieve the mission needs. This is high-risk stuff. I mentioned as a kid growing up in the Eastern Plains of Colorado how fascinated I was with this rocket science. I believe this body has a responsi-bility to adopt the Nelson-Gardner amendment to assure that we can pro-tect our people fiscally and from a de-fense standpoint. So later this week, as we debate and offer amendment 4509, I hope and encourage everyone to do what is fiscally responsible, to promote competition, to promote access and re-liability from the DOD to NASA by adopting the Nelson-Gardner amend-ment. I yield the floor. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.093 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3530 June 7, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). The Senator from New Jer-sey. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about amendment No. 4083, submitted by a dear friend and re-spected colleague of mine from New Hampshire whom I must in good faith disagree with. This amendment in-creases already existing mandatory minimum sentences on offenses related to fentanyl and would not make our communities safer. It would redirect funds away from the kinds of invest-ments we need to truly end the opioid abuse and heroin use epidemic. Today we face a deadly reality, a community-shattering reality—an opioid epidemic in America. I know what this epidemic is doing to our com-munities. In my home State of New Jersey, the heroin death rate is more than three times the national average. The heroin overdose rate in New Jersey now eclipses that of homicides, suicides, car accidents, and AIDS as a leading cause of death. Over the past 10 years, we have lost over 1,500 people under the age of 30 to heroin overdoses in New Jersey alone. I know that nationally death rates from prescription opioid overdoses have tripled in the last 20 years. I know that the opioid epidemic knows no bounds. It crosses geographic lines, economic lines, and racial lines. This is an epidemic that is tearing apart fami-lies, individuals, and communities. This is an American epidemic, but this amendment is not part of the solu-tion. First of all, mandatory minimums themselves have proven to be ineffec-tive in making us a safer Nation and stopping the drug war. Secondly, this amendment and ones like it will divert critical resources that could be, that should be, that must be invested in real solutions, in supporting preventive and education efforts, in supporting law enforcement, in supporting treatment programs. We have seen a rush like this toward mandatory minimums before. In the 1980s and 1990s, we piled on mandatory minimum sentences and ‘‘three strikes and you’re out’’ laws in response to the growing drug problem in the United States, but these laws did not prevent this epidemic. It didn’t work then, and there is no reason to expect it to work now. What did the war on drugs do? Well, it increased our Federal prison popu-lation by 800 percent since 1980 alone. The laws ended up increasing the costs in our Federal prison system from $970 million annually in 1980 to $6.7 billion in 2013, a close to 600-per-cent increase in the use of taxpayer dollars. According to Pew, the Federal prison system uses $1 in $4 spent by the De-partment of Justice. This is unaccept-able. In fact, in my first meeting with then-Attorney General Eric Holder in his office after I was elected Senator, he shared with me how the Bureau of Prisons budget had become so bloated that he had limited resources to put to-ward other Department of Justice pro-grams—initiatives such as hiring FBI officers and support for programs that we actually know will make our com-munities safer. What is more, these laws did not work. They didn’t target those whom they were supposed to target. Manda-tory minimum sentences weren’t re-sponsible for reducing crime. The work of law enforcement and the utilization of data-driven policies are what have done that. A report from the Brennan Center found that ‘‘increased incarcer-ation has been declining in its effec-tiveness as a crime control tactic for 30 years. Its effect on crime rates since 1990 has been limited, and has been non-existent since 2000.’’ Experts have found that mandatory minimum sentences have no demon-strable marginal effect on deterring crime, and it is also the reason why po-lice leadership across the country are speaking out against increasing these mandatory minimums. Former New York Police Commissioner Bernie Kerik spoke out earlier this year to say: ‘‘The reality is that the federal mandatory minimum sentences estab-lished in the early 1980’s has had little, if anything, to do with the various state and city violent crime and mur-der statistics in America.’’ I know this. I ran a police depart-ment as a mayor and oversaw the func-tioning of an incredible group of pro-fessionals. Had we had more resources from the Federal Government—instead of going to mandatory minimums—to actually hire more police officers, to put more of them in the streets, had we had more resources for drug treatment, had we had more resources for doing things such as reentry programs, we could have better fought crime, rather than wasting more money on ineffec-tive mandatory minimum sentences. Since 1990, as the onslaught of these mandatory minimums have come, ille-gal drug use in the U.S. has actually increased. To pay for the overincarceration ex-plosion, Congress has increased spend-ing on Federal prisons by 45 percent since 1998. But over that same period, Congress has cut spending on State and local law enforcement by 76 percent. In fiscal year 2015, the Federal Govern-ment spent over $2.3 billion warehousing people who received lengthened mandatory minimums, and that is money that could be invested elsewhere. Mandatory minimums, if we remem-ber our history, were created to go after drug kingpins. However, the U.S. Sentencing Commission has found that they too often apply to every function within a drug organization, from mules and couriers to low-level street offend-ers. By the way, when low-level offend-ers are arrested and given these man-datory minimum sentences, they are simply replaced by other low-level dealers. The strategy does not work in making us safer, but it is costing us so much money. This is contrary to the original vi-sion of mandatory minimums. They were created to go after serious drug traffickers and kingpins. The U.S. Sen-tencing Commission found that manda-tory minimums are often applied too broadly, set too high, and—what is worse—that they are unevenly applied. In other words, people who can afford lawyers, people who have resources and means, can fight against those laws, and people who cannot afford the best defense often are the ones who get mandatory minimums. Who is going to get mandatory mini-mums? People on college campuses, such as the one I attended, or people in the city I now call home. Understand this: The amendment that is being proposed reflects the old strategies that haven’t won the war on drugs but, in many cases, have actually made things worse, especially by di-verting so much money into our prison system and away from strategies in our communities, such as treatment and law enforcement, which we know work. What have these laws done? They have caused an 800-percent increase in our Federal prison population over the last 30 years. What have these laws done? They have imprisoned too many nonviolent Americans for decades for nonviolent, low-level drug crimes. What have these laws done? They have imprisoned people such as Sher-man Chester, who with two prior non-violent drug arrests was convicted and sentenced to life in prison for a third nonviolent drug crime. At his sen-tencing, Mr. Chester’s judge said: ‘‘This man doesn’t deserve a life sentence, and there is no way that I can legally keep from giving it to him.’’ What have these laws done? They have imprisoned mothers such as Alice Johnson, who, after losing her job and filing for bankruptcy, began to asso-ciate with people involved in drug deal-ing. She was arrested for her participa-tion in transporting drugs as a go-be-tween. When 10 of her coconspirators testified against her for reduced charges, she was sentenced to life in prison without parole for 25 years for that nonviolent drug crime. What have these laws done? They have imprisoned people like Dicky Jackson, a father who was so desperate to save his 2-year-old child who needed a bone marrow transplant that, after exhausting his options—including com-munity fundraisers—he began trans-porting meth in his truck. A year into his work, he was arrested for selling a half pound of meth to an undercover of-ficer. He was found guilty of possession 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.094 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3531 June 7, 2016 
with intent to distribute and was given three life sentences without parole. The Federal prosecutor assigned to Mr. Jackson’s case remarked: ‘‘I saw no indication that Mr. Jackson was violent, that he was any sort of large- scale narcotics trafficker, or that he committed his crimes for any reason other than to get money to care for his gravely ill child.’’ What these laws have done is make sure that these nonviolent offenders and too many more like them will die in prison for their crimes—taking money from our communities and im-prisoning people into their fifties, six-ties, and seventies for nonviolent crimes. They are redirecting taxpayer dollars from strategies in our neighbor-hoods, in our cities, and in commu-nities that we know work and will ac-tually get to the problem of drug abuse. Our system hasn’t empowered people. It hasn’t empowered them to deal with addictions. It hasn’t empow-ered them to deal with mental health challenges. Our system, as it stands, hasn’t empowered us to do the things we know make us safer. This has been punishment without proportionality, retribution without reason, and a gross taxpayer expense that takes away money that could be invested in public safety and our com-munity well-being. If the failed war on drugs, the Anti- Drug Abuse Act of 1986, and the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1984 have taught us anything, it is that locking more people up for longer and longer sentences for low- level drug crimes at the expense of bil-lions and billions of taxpayer dollars does not curb drug use and abuse. These laws didn’t work then. Why are we proposing new ones now? There is a different way. More man-datory minimum sentences won’t im-pact the fentanyl opioid problem. The mandatory minimums being proposed for low-level drug offense are not going to accomplish what the amendment supporters hope it will. It is a facade that makes people feel like they are doing something about the problem, but they are not making a difference. What they will do is throw more tax-payer dollars at our Bureau of Prisons, expanding that bureaucracy and drain-ing money—taxpayers’ money—from solutions that we know will work. What is stunning to me, what is actu-ally deeply frustrating to me is that we have two pieces of bipartisan legisla-tion, one that has passed without enough funding and one that has yet to be brought up for a vote that would ad-dress this epidemic and the broken criminal justice system. Instead of turning to bipartisan legis-lation that is going through regular order and investing in strategies that this body, in a bipartisan fashion, has agreed with near unanimity would work, we are now considering an amendment that would spend more money on imprisoning low-level offend-ers for longer and longer sentences. Earlier this year, the Senate passed the Comprehensive Addiction and Re-covery Act of 2015, also known as CARA. It is a bipartisan bill that would allow the Attorney General to award grants to address the opioid epidemic and expand prevention and education efforts. I was pleased to cosponsor that bill, but unfortunately the amendment that would have provided funding for the programs and grants in this bill failed to pass. The bill that went forward had the right intentions, but an unwilling-ness in this body to provide robust funding means that it simply won’t ad-dress the epidemic adequately. That is what is frustrating to me. The Mem-bers of this body who refused to in-crease funding for preventive and treatment measures through CARA now want to divert taxpayer resources towards putting people in jail for longer and longer sentences for low- level, nonviolent crimes. That makes no sense—to spend millions of more dollars to lock up low-level offenders and starve the programs that local leaders all over this country are asking for, such as treatment, education, and local law enforcement. If properly funded, CARA would ex-pand prevention initiatives, would ex-pand education efforts, and would curb abuse and addiction, hitting our Na-tion’s problem at its heart—at its de-mand—and helping addicts with what they need—treatment, not more jail. It would expand the availability of naloxone to law enforcement. It would increase resources to identify and treat incarcerated Americans suffering from drug addiction. It would increase dis-posal sites for unwanted prescription medications and would promote best practices for evidence-based opioid and heroin treatment and prevention all over our country. This bipartisan bill had wisdom in it. It was sensible, commonsense, and based on evidence-based strategies. But now, here we are, not talking about investing in what we know will work but suggesting that we do things that have proven over the last two dec-ades not only not to work but to drain taxpayer dollars and to do more harm. We are considering an amendment that would use taxpayer resources not to do the things I just listed that are under-funded right now but would spend money on incarcerating low-level drug offenders because of unwise increases of mandatory minimum sentences. The fact is the opioid epidemic is not a problem we can jail our way out of. We already have mandatory minimum sentences in place for heroin and fentanyl offenses, and they haven’t done what they were created to do—to prevent an epidemic such as this from occurring. What this amendment does is to double down on that failing strat-egy. In fact, for over a year, Senate Judi-ciary Committee members on both sides of the aisle have worked on crafting a bill, the Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act, which would take meaningful steps toward undoing so much of the damage these failed poli-cies have caused over the past decades. That bipartisan criminal justice re-form legislation, which worked through regular order and would re-duce mandatory minimum penalties and give judges more discretion at sen-tencing, has been pending on the Sen-ate floor for over 7 months now with-out Senate action. The bill followed regular order. It moved through a hearing and a mark-up. It took in testimony from dozens of experts and organizations. It was ad-justed and amended with input from law enforcement officers, attorneys general, prosecutors, civil rights lead-ers, and local elected leaders. It passed out of the committee. It was then, be-cause of input from other Republican Senators, changed again and modified. Now, this baked bill is fully ready for a vote on the floor. If given that vote, it would most likely get a super majority in this body. But today, instead of moving forward on that bipartisan, compromise piece of legislation—which would start to fix the failed drug policies of the 1980s and 1990s, which would save us money, which would help us right past wrongs, which would create resources through its savings that could be used for the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act—we are now considering an amendment that would actually build on the mistakes of the past and divert money from the solutions we know work today. So again I say that I am frustrated, I am angry, and I am beginning to grow disheartened by the current state of af-fairs. The amendment being proposed and its potential consequences are what a growing consensus in the Sen-ate from both sides of the aisle and es-pecially thoughtful leaders around the country from all sides of the political spectrum—this is exactly what we have been fighting against. My frustration is that instead of looking to take a step forward with the current bipartisan legislation, we are looking to take a step back into the mistakes of the 1980s and 1990s. Instead of learning from the mistakes of the past, we are damning ourselves to make them again. Since arriving in the Senate 2
1⁄2years ago, I have been encouraged by the mo-mentum building around this com-prehensive criminal justice reform leg-islation. I felt encouraged that hope has been dawning. It has been one of my more affirming experiences as a public leader. During the 2
1⁄2years I have been in the Senate, many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have been negotiating over this issue in good faith, and actually for a time even before I was here they were work-ing hard on criminal justice reform. This comprehensive criminal justice reform bill would address so many of the issues that have been agreed to on both sides of the aisle. It would address a system that does not make our com-munities safer but instead wastes the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.095 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3532 June 7, 2016 
potential of millions of Americans and drains billions, trillions of taxpayer re-sources over time. What we have in the Senate is amaz-ing. It has been incredible to see. We have Senators as different from each other on the political pole as Senator L
EAHY and Senator G RASSLEY , with other Democrats and Republicans, from the most liberal to the most con-servative in this body, coming together to craft a measured bill that would begin to fix our deeply broken criminal justice system. This result, the Sen-tencing Reform and Corrections Act, would enable prosecutors and judges to maintain critical tools for prosecuting violent offenders and high-level drug traffickers while reducing mandatory minimums and life-without-parole sen-tences for nonviolent drug offenders. In addition, the bill actually includes a provision related to fentanyl—not one that I necessarily believe in or be-lieve is most effective, but it was in-cluded in the bill as a compromise measure. This critical piece of legislation has the support of dozens of civil rights groups and faith groups, Christian evangelicals and law enforcement and prosecutor groups, including well-re-spected organizations such as the Major County Sheriffs’ Association, the International Association of Chiefs of Police, and the National District At-torneys Association. From law enforce-ment to faith-based leaders, civil rights activists, and fiscal conservative organizations, so many have come to-gether and are being led in many cases by law enforcement officials because they know this bill is actually smart public safety policy. This bill has the support of law enforcement leaders, in-cluding former President George Bush’s U.S. Attorney General, Michael Mukasey; former FBI Director Louie Freeh; and the U.S. Department of Jus-tice. In a letter to Senate leadership, former U.S. Attorney Michael Mukasey, with former Director Bill Sessions and dozens of former Federal judges and U.S. attorneys, shared what they believe the Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act can do. They said it ‘‘is good for Federal law enforcement and public safety. It will more effec-tively ensure that justice shall be done.’’ Groups like Law Enforcement Lead-ers to Reduce Crime and Incarceration, which represent more than 160 current and former police chiefs, U.S. attor-neys, and district attorneys, have spo-ken out in support of this bill, arguing: 
This is a unique moment of rare bipartisan consensus on the urgent need for criminal justice reform. As law enforcement leaders, we want to make it clear where we stand: Not only is passing Federal mandatory min-imum reform necessary to reduce incarcer-ation, it is also necessary to help law en-forcement continue to keep crime at historic lows across the country. We urge Congress to pass the Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act. 
Contrary to what the few opponents argue, this act would preserve certain mandatory minimum sentences for drug offenders. It would also more ef-fectively target these mandatory mini-mums toward high-level drug traf-fickers and violent criminals. Federal drug laws were meant to go after these kingpins, and this legislation leaves important tools in place that allow prosecutors to go after them. Also, contrary to what the few oppo-nents of this bill argue, the bill would not open the floodgates and permit vio-lent offenders to be let out of prison early; rather, each case must go in front of a Federal judge, where the prosecutor will be present, for that independent judicial review. Experts from the National Academy of Sciences to the National Research Council have found that lengthy prison sentences have a minimal impact on crime prevention. The profound thing about this bill is that it is not breaking new ground. This is now becoming common knowl-edge around the States. In fact, it is being followed and led by many red States in our Nation. In fact, States have shown that we can reduce the prison population, save taxpayers mil-lions and billions of dollars, and also reduce crime. Texas, for instance, be-tween 2007 and 2012, reduced its incar-ceration rate by 9 percent and saw its total crime drop by 16 percent. If Texas—a State known for law and order and being tough on crime—can enact sweeping measures to reform its criminal justice system, so can we at the Federal level. That is why I am proud that one of the sponsors of the bill is the Republican Whip from Texas, Senator CORNYN . But there are other States—Cali-fornia, Connecticut, Delaware, Georgia, Maryland, Michigan, Nevada, Massa-chusetts, North Carolina, South Caro-lina, Utah, and New Jersey. All these States have lowered their prison popu-lations through commonsense reforms and—surprise, surprise—have seen crime drop. These States have enacted reforms because it is good for public safety and it saves needed taxpayer dollars that can be reinvested in public safety strategies that actually make us safer. Remember, these are Repub-lican-led States and Democratic-led States, Governors from the right and the left. There is a great conservative organi-zation called Right on Crime. This is what they had to say about public safe-ty and criminal justice reform: 
Taxpayers know that public safety is the core function of government, and they are willing to pay what it takes to keep commu-nities safe. In return for their tax dollars, citizens are entitled to a system that works. When governments spend money ineffi-ciently and do not obtain crime reductions commensurate with the amount of money being spent, they do taxpayers a grave dis-service. 
It is worth repeating that line: ‘‘Citi-zens are entitled to a system that works.’’ You see, this is not a partisan issue; it is an American issue. There is a cho-rus calling for reform across the polit-ical spectrum. Everyone from Repub-lican candidates for President to con-servative groups, such as Koch Indus-tries and Americans for Tax Reform, have come out in support of criminal justice reform and this bill. That is why some Republicans like Grover Norquist and George Martin have writ-ten: Some Republicans who have not focused on our successes in the states think we are still living back in the 1980s and also believe that ‘‘lock them up’’ is a smart political war cry. . . . Wasting money is not a way to dem-onstrate how much you care about an issue. 
That is why people like Marc Levin, the founder of Right on Crime, have shared that ‘‘the recent successes of many states in reducing crime, impris-onment, and costs through reforms grounded in research and conservative principles provide a blueprint for re-form—at the Federal level.’’ Former Governor Mike Huckabee said: 
I believe in law and order. I also believe in using facts, rather than fear, when creating policy. And, I believe in fiscal responsibility. Right now, our criminal justice system is failing us in all three camps. 
Republicans and Democrats from across the political spectrum have come together because they realize our failures to fix this system have simply cost us too much already. Everyone knows that the first rule of holes is that when you find yourself in one, stop digging. That is why this amend-ment is so frustrating—because it seeks to dig us deeper into a hole. Look at the financial costs we are already paying. In 2012, the average American taxpayer was contributing hundreds of dollars a year to corrections expendi-tures, including the incarceration and monitoring and rehabilitation of pris-oners. A report from the Center of Eco-nomic Policy Research concluded that in 2008 alone, formerly incarcerated people’s employment losses—keeping people in for decades and decades—cost our economy the equivalent of 1.5 to 1.7 million workers or $57 billion to $65 bil-lion annually. And it is estimated that the U.S. poverty rate between 1980 and 2004 would have been 20 percent lower if it had not been for all this mass incar-ceration. This is a lot of money we are spending keeping people behind bars— nonviolent offenders—and it is taking a significant financial toll in our coun-try. We could be investing this money better. By passing this bipartisan Sen-tencing Reform and Corrections Act, the CBO told us that this one bill alone that takes modest steps toward crimi-nal justice reform will save an esti-mated $318 million in reduced prison costs over the next 5 years and $722 million over the next 10 years. Doing the right thing creates savings that we can then invest in strategies to make ourselves safer or give back to the tax-payers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.097 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3533 June 7, 2016 
Please understand that we have paid dearly for our mistakes. For example, from 1990 to 2005, a new prison opened every 10 days in the United States, making us the global leader in this in-frastructure investment. A new prison opened every 10 days in the United States to keep up with the massive ex-plosion in incarcerations. Imagine the roads and bridges and railways we could have been investing in during that time. As our infrastructure has been crumbling over the last three dec-ades, the one area of infrastructure that has been ballooning was gleaming new prisons to actually incarcerate overwhelmingly nonviolent offenders. Imagine the investments we could have made in lifesaving research, innovative technologies, science and math fund-ing. Instead, we extended mandatory minimums again and again and again for low-level drug offenders. The United States must be the leader around the globe for liberty and jus-tice. Unfortunately, the United States now leads the world in a vastly more dubious distinction: the number of peo-ple we incarcerate. We only have 5 per-cent of the world population—only 5 percent—but one out of four impris-oned people on planet Earth is here in the United States. Again, the majority of those people are nonviolent offend-ers. The U.S. incarceration rate is 5 to 10 times that of many of our peer coun-tries. The financial cost, the dollars wast-ed, are only part of the story, though. We are actually paying for our sys-tem’s failures in innumerable ways. The hidden financial costs of our bro-ken prison system mirror the hidden social costs that befall families of those incarcerated, with 1 in 28 Amer-ican children—or 3.6 percent of Amer-ican kids—growing up with a parent behind bars. Just 25 years ago, it was 1 in 125 American children. I recently saw that ‘‘Sesame Street’’ has started programming specifically aimed at helping kids with parents in prison be-cause there are now so many of them. Over half of imprisoned parents were the primary earners for their children prior to their incarceration. What is more, a child with an incarcerated fa-ther is more likely to be suspended from school than a peer without an in-carcerated father—23 percent compared to 4 percent. Our rush to incarcerate as a response to many of our societal problems has now created a stunning distinction. Ac-cording to a new report from the Cen-ter for American Progress, close to half of all children in America are growing up with a parent with a criminal record. Our system often entraps the most vulnerable Americans. We are entrapping people who often are in need of incarceration but treatment and medical help, putting those vulner-able populations in jail for longer and longer periods. In fact, now many of our prisons serve as warehouses for the mentally ill. Serious mental illness af-fects an estimated 14.5 percent of men and 31 percent of all the women in our jails. Between 25 and 40 percent of all mentally ill Americans will be jailed or incarcerated at some point in their lives, and 65 percent of all American in-mates meet the medical criteria for the disease of addiction, many of them not getting the treatment they need but just getting more incarceration. Today we live in a country where in many ways the words of Bryan Steven-son are also true. This idea of equal justice under the law is challenged by the facts of our criminal justice sys-tem. As Bryan Stevenson said, we live in a nation where you get treated bet-ter if you are rich and guilty than if you are poor and innocent. Over 80 per-cent of Americans who are charged with felonies are poor and deemed indi-gent by our court system. Our criminal justice system doesn’t disproportionately affect just the men-tally ill, the addicted, and the poor; it also disproportionately impacts people of color. We know that there is no deeper proclivity to commit drug crimes among people of color, but there is a much deeper reality that the drug laws affect people of color in a dif-ferent way. For example, Blacks and Whites have no difference in using or selling drugs. There is no statistical difference. In fact, right now in Amer-ica, some studies are showing that young White men have a slightly high-er rate of dealing drugs than young Black men. But Blacks are 3.6 times more likely to get arrested for selling drugs. Latinos are 28 percent more likely than Whites to receive a manda-tory minimum penalty for Federal of-fenses punished by such penalties. A 2011 report found that more than any other group, Latinos in America were convicted at a higher rate of offenses that carried a mandatory minimum sentence. And Blacks are also 21 per-cent more likely to receive a manda-tory minimum sentence than Whites facing similar charges. Black men are given sentences about 20 percent longer than White men for similar crimes. And Native Americans are grossly overrepresented in our criminal justice system, with an incarceration rate 38 percent higher than the national aver-age. Because minorities are more likely to be arrested for drug crimes even though the rates are not different in usage of drugs or selling of drugs, they are more—disproportionately—likely, therefore, to lose their voting rights, thus resulting in stunning statistics. Today, 1 in 13 Black Americans is pre-vented from voting because of felony disenfranchisement. Black citizens are four times more likely to have their voting rights revoked than someone who is White. Those are statistics befitting a dif-ferent era in American history, but un-fortunately they reflect our current circumstances. So here we find ourselves. I have been talking about this issue for my entire time in the Senate. Many of my col-leagues have been working on this issue longer. I have been so encouraged that literally my first policy conversa-tion on the Senate floor right after being sworn in right there by the Vice President of the United States—I walked back toward the back of the room and was met by colleagues who talked to me about this issue. I am so glad there is this growing consensus, but I am frustrated that an amendment is potentially coming to the floor that takes us backward while so much work has gone on to move this body ahead. I have come to believe in this body. I worked hard to become a Member of the Senate because I believe in the Senate and the power of this institu-tion to do great things. In fact, it is the result of the great good of this body and the labor and struggles of so many Americans that I am even here in the first place, so many Americans fighting for issues that this body helped to change. From equal housing rights, to voting rights, to civil rights, this body has made us a fairer and more just Nation. This body has made our country the shining light on planet Earth for liberty and justice. This body, with so many committed Ameri-cans through so many generations, has so much to be proud of. I am so encouraged by colleagues on both sides of the aisle, that despite the partisanship and cynicism this body often generates, we have found com-mon ground to advance the common good around our criminal justice sys-tem. We have a crisis in that system, but I am proud there is movement to address that. I urge my colleagues to consider the profound potential we have to advance our Nation, to deal with the opioid cri-sis, the drug crisis, and the crime crisis with smart and effective policies that have proven to work already at the State level. I urge my colleagues to resist the se-ductive temptation to claim to be tough on crime when in reality we are just wasting taxpayer dollars on a failed fiction that obscures the true ur-gency of the day. Finally, I urge the leadership of this body to not let this amendment reflect-ing failed policy of the past to the floor and instead move to bring forward a bi-partisan, widely supported bill that will address the current crisis. We can no longer hesitate or equivocate, and we can definitely not afford to retreat. Wasting more time is not the answer. The time is now, and, I confess, I am losing patience. While I am encouraged by leaders like the chairman of the Judiciary Committee and the ranking member of that committee, while I am encouraged by the fact that the majority whip and the Democratic Whip are on this bill, while I am encouraged by the fact that likely a supermajority of support ex-ists for this bill, I am growing impa-tient that it has not come to a vote yet. There is nothing as painful as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.098 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3534 June 7, 2016 
blockage at the heart of justice, block-ing the flow of reason, of common-sense, fairness, and urgently needed progress. But the pain and frustration I might feel is minimal compared to those who are suffering under the brunt of a bro-ken system. We cannot be deaf to the cries for justice of families and chil-dren, those suffering addictions, those suffering from mental illness, and those whose families have been torn apart by such misfortunes. We cannot be mute or silent in the face of injus-tice, those of us who are elected to serve all Americans. At the beginning of each day, we swear an oath in this body. We pledge allegiance to those ideals of liberty and justice. Let us now act so we do not be-tray the moral standing of our Nation. I urge the Senate leadership to bring the Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act for a vote. The time is right now to do what is right now. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the Reed amendment No. 4549. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the Reed amendment No. 4549 to the McCain amend-ment No. 4229 to S. 2943, the National De-fense Authorization Act. Harry Reid, Jack Reed, Richard J. Dur-bin, Michael F. Bennet, Charles E. Schumer, Patty Murray, Richard Blumenthal, Jeff Merkley, Jeanne Sha-heen, Al Franken, Gary C. Peters, Bill Nelson, Barbara Boxer, Robert Menen-dez, Sheldon Whitehouse, Amy Klo-buchar, Barbara A. Mikulski. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the McCain amendment No. 4229. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the McCain amendment No. 4229 to S. 2943, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. John McCain, John Cornyn, Marco Rubio, Roger F. Wicker, Richard Burr, James M. Inhofe, Pat Roberts, Tom Cotton, Thom Tillis, Roy Blunt, Shel-ley Moore Capito, Dan Sullivan, Lindsey Graham, Lisa Murkowski, David Vitter, Mitch McConnell. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls with respect to the cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE RE-SERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to commemorate the 100th anni-versary of the Reserve Officers’ Train-ing Corps, or ROTC, the Nation’s train-ing program for commissioned officers of the U.S. Armed Forces. Founded in 1916, ROTC prepares young adults to be leaders in our Nation’s Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marines. ROTC cadets commit to serving their country in uniform after college graduation in ex-change for ROTC assisting with costs associated with their college edu-cation. Although military training took place at civilian colleges and univer-sities in the 19th century, it was not until the National Defense Act of 1916, signed by President Woodrow Wilson, that this training was consolidated under a single entity: the Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps. ROTC is the larg-est officer-producing organization within the U.S. military. In 100 years of history, ROTC has commissioned more than 1 million military officers. The U.S. Army ROTC program started in 1916 with just 46 ini-tial programs, and today it has com-missioned more than 600,000 officers at almost 1,000 schools across the Nation, with a presence in every State, as well as Guam and Puerto Rico. In 2016, Army ROTC has an enroll-ment of more than 30,000 and produces over 70 percent of the second lieuten-ants who join the Army, Army Na-tional Guard, and U.S. Army Reserve. Army ROTC is one of the most de-manding and strenuous leadership training programs a young person can choose today. ROTC training molded and shaped six Chiefs of Staff of the Army, two Chairmen of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, a current Supreme Court Justice, the current Governor of Kentucky, as well as countless other leaders in government, business, science, sports, and the arts. For decades, Army ROTC has con-ducted summer training for many ca-dets at Fort Knox, KY. In 2013, I was pleased to help Army ROTC get an ROTC training program called the Cadet Leader Course relocated to Fort Knox as well. More than 6,000 cadets attend that particular leadership course at Fort Knox every year since the installation began hosting the pro-gram in 2014. In all, over 10,000 cadets attend various summer training courses each year at Fort Knox. ROTC serves as a vital introduction to life and a career in the military for America’s young men and women. Sup-porting our Armed Forces means sup-porting ROTC programs at institutions across the country. ROTC creates America’s next generation of leaders, in the Armed Forces, and in American life. I know my colleagues join me in commemorating the 100th anniversary of the creation of our military’s ROTC and in thanking the hundreds of thou-sands of brave cadets who have success-fully completed the challenges of the program and gone on to become offi-cers. We are certainly grateful for their service and their sacrifice. Without ROTC, our Nation’s military would not be the superior fighting force that is today. I am proud that Kentucky plays a significant role in the training of ROTC cadets. 
f 
FRANK R. LAUTENBERG CHEMICAL SAFETY FOR THE 21
STCENTURY ACT Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the Sen-ate’s final passage today of the bipar-tisan Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, after 3 years of difficult negotiations, reflects the true nature of compromise. I am glad that we have finally come to an agreement to update our country’s in-effective and outdated chemical regu-latory program. While this is not a per-fect bill, I believe that it goes a long way towards protecting American fam-ilies from dangerous chemicals and serves as a fitting tribute to Senator Lautenberg, who was a tireless public health advocate. This legislation overhauls the 40- year-old, outdated Toxic Substances Control Act and will bring more than 64,000 chemicals under the review of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, EPA. Under the old law, the EPA was required to approve chemicals using a burdensome and ineffective economic cost-benefit analysis, but this reform bill will require the EPA to make a decision based solely? on health and safety concerns. Addition-ally, the Lautenberg act gives the EPA enhanced authority to require testing of both new and existing chemicals, re-quiring safety reviews for all chemicals in active commerce and a safety find-ing for new chemicals before they are allowed on the market. The House bill originally included a provision preempting State authority to regulate specific chemicals. State preemption is a significant concern for Vermont, especially with the discovery of perfluorooctanoic acid, PFOA, con-taminated water in the communities of North Bennington and Pownal. Unfor-tunately, due to shortcomings in the 1976 Toxic Substances Control Act, PFOA was one of many chemicals that had been presumed safe without any re-quirement for testing or review. While 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.099 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3535 June 7, 2016 
the inclusion of even minimal State preemption action in the final bill is unfortunate, the final compromise largely retains the Senate bill’s provi-sions and allows States 12 to 18 months to enact tougher regulations through a waiver process after the EPA formally announces that it has started the re-view process for a chemical. There have been assurances to the Vermont congressional delegation from the EPA that Vermont will be able to retain its more stringent regulation of PFOA. I will continue to work with both the State and with the EPA to address PFOA contamination in Vermont. I am pleased that the final bill in-cludes two mercury-specific provisions: The creation of a mercury inventory and the expansion of the export ban to certain mercury compounds. These pro-visions are sections of the Mercury Use Reduction Act that I was proud to co-sponsor in the 112th Congress. Under the mercury inventory provision, the EPA will be required to prepare an in-ventory of mercury supply, use, and trade in the United States every 3 years. This data will enhance our abil-ity to reduce the health risks from mercury exposure. The second mercury provision builds upon the Mercury Ex-port Ban Act of 2008, expanding the ex-port ban currently in effect for ele-mental mercury to include certain mercury compounds that could be trad-ed to produce elemental mercury in commercial quantities, thus under-mining the existing export ban. This reform bill also includes new un-precedented transparency measures thanks to new limits imposed on what can qualify as ‘‘confidential business information.’’ The transparency provi-sions also ensure that State officials, medical professionals, and the public have access to health and safety infor-mation. In addition, the bill places time limits and requires justification for any ‘‘confidential business informa-tion’’ claims that must also be fully justified when made and will expire after 10 years if they are not re-sub-stantiated. Like many Vermonters, I have been concerned for years about the need to improve chemical safety standards in the United States. While I had hope for more reforms in the bill, overall, the bill is a significant improvement over current law. It is a true testament to the groundwork laid by Senator Lau-tenberg that we have finally heeded the calls from the American people to re-form this outdated law and better pro-tect our families from dangerous chemicals. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. FREDERICK BURKLE Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, one of the formative parts of my life was being a student at Saint Michael’s Col-lege in Vermont. It was especially so because of the people I met there. One of my most memorable classmates is Dr. Frederick Burkle. Skip Burkle was one who cared greatly about what he was learning and showed moral leadership even then. As students, we both lived in dorms that resembled World War II-era barracks. Fortunately, the living conditions for students at Saint Michael’s have im-proved since then. Last month, now-Dr. Burkle, spoke at Saint Michael’s College giving the commencement address. Everyone who was there actually listened to a man who spoke of his own background. He spoke also to the moral compass he has developed both in school and since in the military and in his scientific work. So much could be said about his ca-reer. I agree when he said, ‘‘My human-itarian work was the most meaningful I’ve ever done.’’ That makes so much sense because few people I have ever known have begun to approach his life as a humanitarian. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that his speech to the graduating class be printed in the RECORD because I want those beyond Saint Michael’s College to read what an outstanding person has said. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SAINT MICHAEL ’SCOLLEGE COMMENCEMENT  A
DDRESS  C
OLCHESTER , VERMONT : MAY15, 2016 
FREDERICK M . BURKLE , JR., MD, MPH 
PHYSICIAN , SCHOLAR , HUMANITARIAN  Greetings to you all! There are many reasons to celebrate this day. This graduation is a milestone for you and your entire family. Saint Michael’s also needs to be celebrated and commended. As an academic, I do not know of any other college or university this year, or in recent memory, that has shown both the insight and courage to declare ‘‘Service to Others’’ as the theme of gradua-tion. Only at Saint Mikes! . . . I’m not sur-prised! The implications of this decision are many and must be applauded . . . Most impor-tantly it brings great hope and wisdom for the future of this generation and those that follow ....  I have been asked to speak to you on what in my life and college experiences influenced my humanitarian career. My first concern when asked was: How does someone who graduated in 1961, 55 years ago, tell his story to the class of 2016? ....  Let’s give it a try In truth, if you knew me in high school you would have voted me the ‘‘least likely graduate to ever give a commencement ad-dress.’’ . . . I attended an all male Catholic High School in Southern Connecticut. I was pain-fully shy, occasionally stuttered, was easily embarrassed, struggled to be an average stu-dent, and was hopelessly burdened by what is known today as severe dyslexia. I only began to read in the 5th grade. My Father, emphatically and loudly said ‘‘No’’ to the idea of college. He had labeled me a ‘‘lazy dreamer’’ . . . so to him college was a waste of good money. You would agree . . . I was certainly not a prize academic prospect! So here I am . . . and now I’ve got to ex-plain to you how I got onto this stage as a Commencement speaker. I would not be here today without the help of some very unselfish people . . . I call them my own personal humanitarians . . . we all have them. Not going to college was a serious blow I could not live with. For years I had held on to an otherwise quite impossible and secret dream of being a physician. A dream which simply arose many years before from viewing very early Life Magazine photos of doctors treating starving children in an African jun-gle hospital. Having been born 2 years before WWII, all my life was one war after another with equally dire photos of both World War II and Korean War casualties. And soon after, dur-ing high school, emerged my generation’s war . . . in a strange and unheard of country named Viet Nam . . . a war which actually began to build up as early as 1954. My story, in great part, is a love story. I met an equally shy girl when she was 13 and I was the older man of 14. We went steady during high school and secretly dreamed of our future together. With College off the table the military draft seemed inevitable. She urged me to plead my case to the High School Academic Dean, a stern gray haired Brother of Holy Cross, to both loan me the application fee and forward a decent rec-ommendation. I was shaking in my boots. He silently pondered the circumstances yet nodded his head and agreed to accept the personal risk despite the potential anger of my Father . . . The very next day there was a check wait-ing for me! There were others . . . while working as an orderly in a local hospital I met two very caring physicians. They embodied every-thing I wanted to be. They introduced me to a small French Catholic Liberal Arts College named St. Michaels in rural Vermont that I never heard of. Both were WWII veterans who attended St. Mike’s and then medical school on the GI Bill. Despite their busy schedules they took time to counsel and en-courage, spoke highly of the quality of the education but also cautioned that the aca-demic experience would demand much more. St. Mike’s was the only place I applied. With luck, I was accepted. My girl friend’s parents, not my own, took me to campus . . . There was no turning back! Falling in love with St. Mike’s was a little slower and not nearly as romantic! Matricu-lation at St. Mike’s was a shock . . . and at first a disappointment. Maybe my Father was right . . . Will I fail and embarrass my-self once again? From the outset, the St. Mike’s academic faculty made it clear that everyone on cam-pus was required to take 4 years of liberal arts. This included a long list of the world’s literature, history, arts and philosophy from the beginning of written time. This included a comparative study of all religions, and a compelling semester of logic that forced us to deliberate the philosophical ‘‘how’’ and ‘‘why’’ problems that stressed the minds of every adolescent, like me, whose brain had not yet matured . . . It took me 3 trips to the bookstore to carry all the required reading back to the small shared room in a former WWII poorly heated wooden barracks that once stood where we are today. We desperately asked why such torture was necessary. I’m to be a scientist. Why did I have to study the liberal arts? I pleaded . . . something must be wrong! With my reading disability, my anxiety level was pal-pable to everyone. The science faculty made it quite clear that to pass the rigorous requirements for recommendation to graduate school required excellent marks in both the sciences and the liberal arts. They offered us multiple exam-ples of notable Statesmen and Nobel Laure-ates alike who, empowered by incorporating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.072 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3536 June 7, 2016 
the lessons learned from the liberal arts, made major breakthroughs for mankind . . . such as human rights, freedom of speech, the splitting of the atom, penicillin, the Magna Carta, the Geneva Conventions, and the U.S. Constitution itself . . . Slowly, St. Mike’s, without my knowledge, began to hone, tame and humble me by in-troducing new ways of thinking and rea-soning. I, like all my classmates, had to give up that concrete black and white thinking of youth to meet the demands of the outside world. Most students incorporated those new con-cepts to one degree or another over the next 4 years. Confidence was built through testy debates on what our increasingly complex world demanded of us. The process re-intro-duced me to the academic world I thought was unfriendly . . . and gave me a new love for books which were once the enemy of every dyslexic child. Less than a month into my freshman year a profound geopolitical event occurred that no one had anticipated or was ready for. On October 4, 1957 we huddled around the one radio available in the barracks to listen to the faint battery powered beeps of the Rus-sian satellite Sputnik. The following day the faculty held an ‘all student assembly’ to dis-cuss the impact of the satellite launch on mankind and openly asked if any students would consider changing their major to the sciences. The Space war had begun in ear-nest. Everyone’s sense of security suddenly changed and with it many Cold War humani-tarian crises sprang up around the world . . . many of which, in a short decade, I became mired in myself. Every generation has their own Sputnik moments. Your generation already has more than your share. The liberal arts and the comparative reli-gion courses prepared me for my life as a hu-manitarian more than I ever realized at the time. Yes, we all read the Bible and debated its meaning . . . but we also found a certain sol-ace in understanding that similar beliefs were universal among many other religions and the cultures they were tied to. All religions that have survived over the centuries collectively teach ‘‘social justice’’ . . . a language all its own that defines the fair and just relationship between the indi-vidual and society. It is that shared social justice that I have in common with my hu-manitarian and volunteer colleagues on every continent . . . might they be Mus-lims, Hindus, Christians, Jews, Buddhists, agnostics or atheists and whether they live in the Middle East or rural Vermont. All the major wars and multiple conflicts that I became engulfed in over my lifetime were all fought over ‘‘whose god was the true god!’’ Unfortunately, these wars continue today. Admittedly, and probably somewhat self-ishly, I fell in love with the challenges of global health and humanitarian assistance. And yes, that shy girl friend who supported my application to St. Mike’s and I were mar-ried my first year of medical school and we had 3 children by the time I finished my resi-dency at the Yale University Medical Center. Service to one’s country was mandatory then . . . and the government obliged by drafting me into the military. In 1968 I was rapidly trained and rushed, within 20 days, into the madness of the Viet Nam war as a Combat physician with the Marines. Subsequently I was recalled to active duty as a combat physician in 5 major wars, and over the years moved up the invisible ladder of leadership in managing conflicts in over 40 countries. I’ve worked for and with the World Health Organization, the Inter-national Red Cross and multiple global hu-manitarian organizations. I found myself ne-gotiating with numerous African warlords and despots including Saddam Hussein in Iraq. I set up refugee camps, treated horrific war wounds, severe malnutrition, scurvy, the death throes of starvation, and cholera, ma-laria and blackwater fever, to name but a few . . . When I was only a few years older than you, I had to manage the largest Bu-bonic Plague epidemic of the last century. Eventually, in 2003 I served the State De-partment as the Senior Health Diplomat and first Interim Minister of Health in Iraq where I was the target of 3 assassination at-tempts by the same Sunni military that now, more than a decade later, make up to-day’s ISIS forces in Iraq and Syria. Yes, it is madness. Obviously, my work was often quite dan-gerous. Making uncomfortable but real deci-sions over who survives and who doesn’t, simply because there are scant resources, is always a nightmare. Over 1,000 fellow hu-manitarian aid workers have been killed dur-ing my time . . . many, many more than any United Nations Peacekeepers. I have seen more senseless death and suf-fering than anyone my age should be allowed to witness. The same ‘‘how and why’’ issues that I first struggled with in Logic class at St. Mike’s were now re-framed in very basic daily struggles of both ethics and morality. As such, I moved more and more to care for the most vulnerable . . . the children, women, the elderly and disabled who make up 90% or more of those who flee or become ill, injured or die in every war. This became my calling. While some of this may impress the bud-ding healthcare professionals in the audi-ence, everything I experienced in war was preventable . . . it need not have happened. War is not the answer. But, my humanitarian work was the most meaningful I have ever done. I have no re-grets. The saving of lives when the victims themselves have given up . . . and working with some of the most self-less people in the world, is addictive . . . and for a physician the adrenaline rush, intensity of the work and the diagnostic challenges are com-parable to nothing else. As Medical Director of the last Orphan Lift out of Saigon in 1975, I was secretly slipped into a refugee crowded, already surrounded and hostile Saigon during its last days to find abandoned and ill infants . . . many alone and starving in dank and dirty orphan-ages. We airlifted out 310 nameless infants in file boxes . . . 20 years later, by chance, I met an attractive and ebullient Asian woman, now a graduate student who had been the valedictorian of her college class. She was one of the infants I rescued . . . Life comes full circle . . . it was a really good day. The scientific research that defines my academic career has me closely working with like-minded colleagues in Iran, Israel, Iraq, China, the European Union and many others. And Yes, another example of life tak-ing full circle . . . the Nobel Laureates, once touted in 1957 as examples for us to emulate by the St. Mike’s science Professors, selected a 2013 research study I co-authored to be pre-sented and debated at their World Summit in Spain last year. Good people are listening and reading your work. So for the future academics and scientists in the audience. . . . Never give up! Hopefully, my now fading career allows me to reflect and offer some parting Grand-Fa-therly advice: The essence of volunteerism is found in un-derstanding the culture of the people we en-gage with, even within our own commu-nities. In my experience, we did not under-stand the culture of Viet Nam or Iraq, and when General Petraeus was asked at the 10 year mark in Afghanistan what he would have done differently he said ‘‘I would have learned more about the culture!’’ . . . Graduation marks your movement from the protective culture of the campus to a culture that is more complex, unforgiving at times, but also very exciting and worth-while. Most young volunteers are understandably burdened by the non-action they have reluc-tantly inherited from my generation. ....  Burdens that shamelessly stem from world-wide political neglect of both the health and science of the planet. You should be disappointed but also chal-lenged. . . . However, a very hopeful char-acteristic of your generation is that you more often than not see yourselves less as nationalists . . . and more as global citizens. This marks a significant shift from my gen-eration and a hopeful game-changer in the global landscape. As your volunteerism matures, use what-ever bully pulpit you have to expose and change those inequities that you see in the world. The risk is worth it. I spoke up in Iraq over blatant human rights violations of the Geneva Convention and was called a ‘‘traitor’’ in the political Press. I am most proud I made that choice. Remember, those who do have the political power to make change frequently do not know what they don’t know. Instinctively, all volunteers are also educators and advo-cates. . . . It comes with the title. The MOVE program, run by the Campus Ministry, and the Fire & Rescue Squad rep-resent realistic ‘‘real world models’’ that one can neither assume nor get from the class-room alone. I wish I had experienced them myself. These inspiring volunteer initiatives have changed the culture of the College and more broadly and accurately re-defined ‘‘American exceptionalism.’’ Harvard, where I teach today, has recently taken a page from the St. Mike’s playbook by placing more emphasis on accepting stu-dents to College who value caring for the community over individual extracurricular achievements. They claim that ‘‘community service’’ and the ethical concern for the greater public good!’’ is a more sensitive and true measure of an applicant. I agree! St. Mike’s, emphasizing ‘‘service to others’’ has owned and promoted this be-lief for many decades. Aid to the oppressed has never stood still. Volunteerism, in general, is increasingly moving toward prevention, recovery and re-habilitation. ....  Your role models must be those distinguished recipients of the hon-orary degrees today. I applaud their self-less commitments to others. St. Mike’s was an unselfish gift to me. My class of 1961 was unique in producing many leaders in science, education, government, law, the military, industry, the social sciences, and medicine and dentistry to name but a few. They are all great citizens who still argue incessantly over politics . . . some things never change. . . . nor should they! Please promise me that you will see your classmates often . . . call them, email them and return to the reunions . . . it’s a great time to brag and see that everyone is equally aging and putting on weight. I do miss many of my friends and colleagues and also the professors who I tried to model myself on who passed away before I could thank them. And yes, . . . as a bonus, there is another Harvard study this year that shows that both volunteers and their recipients increase social connections, reduce stress . . . and live longer lives! 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.068 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3537 June 7, 2016 
I must close now. . . . As a 31 year Navy and Marine Corp veteran I wish to leave you with a saying that we, in the service of our country, always thought was strictly a nau-tical blessing. . . . In point of fact, it is a universal phrase of good luck as one departs on a voyage in life. . . . It reads: ‘‘Let me square the yards . . . while we may . . . and make a fair wind of it homeward’’. I wish you all in this audience ‘‘Fair Winds and Fol-lowing Seas’’. . . . God speed to you and St. Mikes . . . and thank you for listening . . . f 
TRIBUTE TO KEVIN PEARCE Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Vermont athletes are no strangers to the U.S. Winter Olympic team. In 2009, the Hartland, VT, raised Kevin Pearce was readying himself to be a member of that team when tragedy struck. During a routine half-pipe training session for the 2010 Olympics, Kevin suffered a traumatic brain injury and was nearly killed when he crashed and struck his head. Since then, Kevin, with the sup-port of his family, has worked to re-cover and heal from that terrible acci-dent. I have heard firsthand from Kevin how instrumental his younger brother David was in providing positive feed-back and encouragement as he com-pleted his physical therapy. Together with his older brother, Adam, Kevin started the Love Your Brain Founda-tion, which offers support to survivors of traumatic brain injuries, their fami-lies, and their caregivers. The Love Your Brain Foundation re-cently held its free annual retreat in Lincoln, VT. The foundation’s mission extends beyond simply providing sup-port to survivors; it also works to raise broader public awareness about the condition. Kevin, Adam, and those who support the mission of the Love Your Brain Foundation believe that tradi-tional treatment options, as well as al-ternative methods of care, can help survivors of traumatic brain injuries lead full and healthy lives. The founda-tion’s annual retreat enables people from around the country, and some from Canada, who are dealing with traumatic brain injuries to share their own personal stories and to sharpen skills in workshops focused on music, yoga, and nutrition education. Whether the result of sporting acci-dents or from a vehicle crash, injuries sustained on the hiking trail or the battlefield, there is still much to be learned about traumatic brain injuries and how best to help those who sustain them recover. That is why the work of the Love Your Brain Foundation makes a real difference. Kevin Pearce’s life forever changed the day of his accident. He and his fam-ily have taken that tragedy and turned it into an opportunity to advance pub-lic awareness. His story is one we can all be inspired by, and his road to re-covery is one we should all from and seek to emulate. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that a May 28 article written by Vermont Associated Press reporter Lisa Rathke, entitled ‘‘Injured snowboarder helps brain injury sur-vivors,’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
[From the Associated Press, May 28, 2016] I
NJURED SNOWBOARDER HELPS BRAIN INJURY  S
URVIVORS  (By Lisa Rathke) L
INCOLN —A near-fatal halfpipe crash while training for the 2010 Olympics ended Kevin Pearce’s snowboarding career and changed his life forever. Six years later, Pearce, 28, continues to cope with his traumatic brain injury that he will carry with him for the rest of his life and he’s helping other sur-vivors do the same. Pearce, who grew up in Vermont, and his brother started the Love Your Brain Founda-tion to support traumatic brain injury sur-vivors and caregivers. The foundation pro-vides workshops for yoga teachers to cater their classes to brain injury survivors. It also offers a free yearly retreat for those with traumatic brain injury and their care-givers that is taking place this week in Lin-coln, Vermont, and hopes to offer retreats in other parts of the country. The foundation raises money to cover these activities and is working on educating young athletes about the importance of ‘‘lov-ing their brains’’’ and preventing concus-sions. About 50 people from around the country and Canada are attending the third annual event that also features nutrition education, art, music and other mindfulness activities. Attendees can also share their personal sto-ries. ‘‘There was a huge missing piece to trau-matic brain injuries and there’s such an un-known for so many people of what to do after they sustain this injury,’’ said Pearce, fol-lowing a morning yoga class at the retreat in a barnlike building on a hillside. Alternatives such as acupuncture, yoga and meditation are proving helpful to trau-matic brain injury survivors in their recov-eries, said Dr. Roger Knakal, medical direc-tor of physical medicine and rehabilitation and the University of Vermont Medical Cen-ter. One of the hardest parts about traumatic brain injuries is that they are invisible inju-ries, said Pearce’s brother Adam. The biggest eye-opener was how isolated people can become from a brain injury, he said. ‘‘When you have a brain injury, you feel so not normal,’’ said Pearce. ‘‘You’re thrown back into the regular world. You’re expected to be as you were before this. We’re not able to do that because we’re now a new person.’’ Pearce was considered, along with Shaun White, to be one of America’s top athletes in the sport at the time of his crash. On New Year’s Eve in 2009, he struck his head during half-pipe training in Utah. He was in critical care for a month and then acute care for two weeks before moving to a rehabilitation cen-ter in Denver. He had to relearn how to walk, talk, even swallow. The family then moved back to Vermont where he continued rehab. Pearce, who now lives in Bend, Oregon, continues to do cognitive therapy and is see-ing eye therapists in Chicago to help with vi-sion problems. He maintains a busy schedule, speaking to various groups about his story and the importance of ‘‘loving your brain’’ and showing the 2013 documentary about him called ‘‘Crash Reel.’’ Ari Havusha, 20, of Vancouver, returned to the retreat for the third time this year. He said he suffered several severe concussions and an eye injury as a teen soccer player and another severe concussion later during a col-lege fall. He lives with a constant headache. Havusha withdrew from McGill University in Montreal and returned home, where he be-came anxious and depressed. His mother pointed to the Love Your Brain retreat and right away, Havusha said, he knew he had to do it. ‘‘It was a huge turning point for me,’’ he said. ‘‘I saw other people and their trau-matic stories and I was able to connect with other people. Suddenly I was kind of lifted out of that isolation I felt so heavily.’’ f TRIBUTE TO ADMIRAL BILL GORTNEY Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, today I honor an exceptional leader and avi-ator. After 39 years, a lifetime of serv-ice to our Nation, ADM Bill Gortney is retiring from the U.S. Navy. On this occasion, I find it fitting to recognize Admiral Gortney’s many accomplish-ments and years of uniformed service to our Nation. As the son of a U.S. Navy captain and WWII aviator, Admiral Gortney was no stranger to the challenges and opportu-nities of naval aviation. After grad-uating from Elon College with a bach-elor of arts in history and political science, he entered the Aviation Officer Candidate School and commissioned in the U.S. Naval Reserve in 1977. He earned his wings of gold as a naval avi-ator following his graduation from the jet strike pilot training pipeline in 1978. He is a 1996 graduate of Naval War College and earned his master of arts in international security affairs. Admiral Gortney moved through the ranks quickly, moving from com-mander to four-star admiral in 8 years. Despite his rapid ascent through the command naval ranks, Admiral Gortney still managed to log over 5,360 mishap-free flight hours and completed over 1,265 carrier-arrested landings pri-marily in the A–7E Corsair II and the F/A–18 Hornet. Admiral Gortney has completed seven tours of command, starting with the VFA–15 Vallions and culminating with his third com-manding tour in U.S. Central Com-mand, as commander, U.S. Naval Forces Central Command / U.S. 5th Fleet, where he provided support to maritime security operations and com-bat operations for Operations Enduring Freedom And Iraqi Freedom. Admiral Gortney’s first flag tour was as the deputy chief of staff for Global Force Management and Joint Oper-ation, U.S. Fleet Forces Command in Norfolk. This was followed by assign-ment as Commander, Carrier Strike Group 10 onboard the USS Harry S Tru-man, during which time he was pro-moted to a two-star rear admiral. After promotion to his third star, he was as-signed as Commander, U.S. Naval Forces Central Command/U.S. 5th Fleet/Combined Maritime Forces, Bah-rain. He also served as director, joint staff, from 2010–2012. In 2012, he became Commander, U.S. Fleet Forces Com-mand. His final assignment prior to re-tirement was that of Commander, North American Aerospace Defense Command and U.S. Northern Com-mand. It is the first and only position that places a single military com-mander in charge of the protection of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.070 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3538 June 7, 2016 
our Nation from any potential attacks on U.S. soil. It is also the only bina-tional command in the world’s exist-ence between Canada and the United States. During his tenure there, Admiral Gortney redefined the mission for USNORTHCOM’s future, furthering the bonds that have secured the skies above the homelands for 60 years. He built a personal trust critical to the strength of the alliance with our part-ners in Canada, Mexico, and the Baha-mas and was able to expand the tradi-tional bounds of security cooperation. He increased military-to-military training and interaction. Within the homeland, Admiral Gortney’s keen in-tuition led to a deliberate campaign plan to protect the United States forces from the threat of homegrown violent extremists. He led the Depart-ment of Defense planning to support lead Federal agencies to minimize the threat of both the Ebola and Zika vi-ruses. Throughout his career, Admiral Gortney’s message of empowerment and his relentless desire to seek cre-ative solutions to the commands’ chal-lenges has served as an example to all during his lifetime exemplary of mili-tary service. I join with the members of the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee in expressing my respect and gratitude to Admiral Gortney for his outstanding service to our Nation. I offer heartfelt thanks to Bill; his wife, Sherry; their children, Stephanie and Billy; daughter-in-law, Jackie; and grandchildren, Gavin and Grayson. Congratulations to all on Bill’s retire-ment from the U.S. Navy after a life-time of dedicated service. To Bill, trusted leader and dedicated patriot, fair winds and following seas. 
f 
90TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TRIANGLE X RANCH Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I appreciate having this opportunity to share some news with the Senate about a very im-portant anniversary we are celebrating in my home State. This is the year the Triangle X Ranch, one of our State’s great attractions, is marking its 90th year of operation. As you can imagine, the Triangle X has quite a story to tell of those 90 years. It began in the early 1900s when a visitor fell in love with an especially beautiful area of Wyoming. It con-tinues to this day, its 90th year, cared for over the years by five generations of the Turner family. The people of my home State have a great fondness and appreciation for the Triangle X because it reminds us of our Western heritage and our love of the land and all it provides. It reminds us of our growth as a State and what it was like to live in Wyoming back in those days. The Triangle X Ranch Web site tells the story of the ranch. It begins, back in the early 1900s, when John and Maytie Turner liked to take ‘‘fun vaca-tions,’’ as they called them, to Yellow-stone National Park. It was during one of those visits they had a chance to see an area around Jackson Hole for the first time. It was one of those story-book encounters—or to put it another way: love at first sight. Life was a lot tougher back then, so when they decided to make the area their home, they had to bring their sons back with them to get things started. It took a tremendous effort to build their home so they would have a place to stay. Even today, it is hard to imagine what an effort it took for them to live what had become their dream. For starters, they had to bring the logs from some felled trees to their home site so they could build the base-ment of what would become their home. Once that was done, they had a place where they could live while they built the rest of their house. Everything was difficult. Providing for the essentials they needed took planning and some time. Just taking a trip to the nearest town took several days. They had to grow or produce their own food, and while they were at it, they had to come up with ways of making something of a living. This paragraph from the history sec-tion of their Web site says a lot about what their life was like back then for them and for many of those who had left the comforts of home and traded them for the great freedom and excite-ment of Wyoming and the West: ‘‘Be-cause there was no electricity, wood supplied heat and kerosene lamps brought light to interiors. Refrigera-tion was provided by large chunks of ice that had been cut from nearby bea-ver ponds in the winter and stored in piles of sawdust to keep through the summer. A fresh meat supply was pro-vided by the Turners’ cattle herd, chickens and big game harvested in the fall. Surprisingly, most of these meth-ods of supply continued through the 1940s.’’ The next generation saw more changes to the ranch. It was now a dude ranch. Their Web site describes how it became an ‘‘authorized conces-sion of the National Park Service—the last dude ranch concession within the entire National Park system.’’ Today, a fifth generation of the Tur-ner family is working the ranch and greeting guests, both new and return-ing friends, the lifestyle their family has loved for all these years. As each guest comes to the Triangle X, they re-ceive the kind of education you just can’t get from watching a movie or reading a book. You are immersed in a lifestyle that provides you with a front row seat to what life was like in the days of the old West. As you can tell, I enjoy talking about the people of Wyoming, our businesses, and our unique brand of hospitality. I can’t encourage you strongly enough to come to Wyoming and get a taste of what life was like back in the days when the West was the best part of our national heritage—and you will see that it still is. When you come to my home State, you might stop by the Tri-angle X and then explore some more of Wyoming and the West. Our homegrown businesses are one of the special things about Wyoming. To-gether, they form the backbone of Wy-oming’s economy and they keep us headed in the right direction. They are the strength of Wyoming and the West, and they are one of the reasons why people keep flocking to Jackson and the other cities and towns of Wyoming. I will close by once again congratu-lating all those who are a part of the Triangle X story. They have made a difference in our State and in the lives of all those who come to visit. I would also like to invite my colleagues to come and see my home State. You can’t beat our scenic beauty, hospi-tality, and our history and legacy as a State. I can promise you that you will have an adventure in Wyoming that you will remember for a long time to come. Thank you. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
PEASE GREETERS’ 1000TH FLIGHT ∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and congratulate the Pease Greeters’ nonprofit organization for more than 11 years of continuous service in greeting our troops and civil-ian personnel from the Department of Defense, DOD, passing through the Pease International Trade Port in Portsmouth, NH. In June of 2016, they will have welcomed more than 1,000 flights passing through the trade port on their way to or from Afghanistan, Iraq, or other areas of conflict in the world. The Pease Greeters organization was created in May of 2005 when an unan-nounced plane carrying members of the U.S. military landed at the Pease International Airport. The airport di-rector, maintenance manager, and air-port employees quickly got together to meet and greet these troops, offering coffee, donuts, and a big thank you for their service. Soon thereafter, the air-port director discovered that addi-tional charter flights would be arriving at Pease. Upon learning this, he reached out to the Seacoast Marine Corps League for assistance welcoming the troops and putting together a fit-ting ceremony to show respect, appre-ciation, and honor for their service. Once word spread, dozens of citizens from New Hampshire, Maine, and Mas-sachusetts, lent their support to orga-nize what quickly became known as the Pease Greeters, whose mission is to promote broad participation in this welcoming of heroes, paying special at-tention to the education of school chil-dren by instilling respect and admira-tion for the troops through formal ceremonies for each flight. Whether it is 4 a.m. in the morning or 4 p.m. in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.063 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3539 June 7, 2016 
afternoon, the Pease Greeters are there to welcome and thank the members of the military and the civilian men and women working in the DOD coming through Pease. As of May 2016, the Pease Greeters have met more than 190,000 servicemen and servicewomen at the trade port, provided a bank of phones where they can call loved ones anywhere in the world free of charge, offered them more than 27,000 pizzas, 167,000 sandwiches, 110,000 bottles of water or soda, and 74,000 knitted hats. As the Pease Greeters welcomes its 1,000th flight on June 26, 2016, I com-mend the board of directors, the many volunteers, the supporting businesses, the Pease International Airport direc-tor and staff, and the hundreds of well- wishers who have spent more than 11 years thanking and honoring our troops and DOD members for their service and selfless sacrifice to our Na-tion. As the Pease Greeters’ mission continues, I have no doubt they will continue to provide comfort and wel-come many future military members arriving or departing from the Pease International Trade Port.∑ 
f 
40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MEMORIAL TOURNAMENT ∑Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 40th anniver-sary of the first playing of the Memo-rial Tournament, ‘‘the Memorial’’, at Muirfield Village Golf Club in Dublin, OH. Jack Nicklaus, a golf legend and Congressional Gold Medal recipient, founded the Memorial in 1976. Jack wanted to bring an annual PGA tour event to Central Ohio and named the tournament ‘‘the Memorial’’ to recog-nize a person or persons, living or de-ceased, who have contributed to the game of golf with honor. The Memorial has been a significant benefit to charitable organizations. For example, Nationwide Children’s Hos-pital in Columbus, OH, has received over $14 million from the Memorial. In honor of that support, the hospital re-named its neonatal intensive care unit, NICU, as the Memorial NICU in 2006. The Memorial has also helped other or-ganizations, such as the James Cancer Hospital and Solove Research Insti-tute, the First Tee of Central Ohio, Shriners, and many more. The Memo-rial provides a significant economic de-velopment impact to the central Ohio region with an estimated $35 million annually toward the economy. I am honored to have attended the Memorial to see firsthand its impact in the community. I would like to con-gratulate all who were involved in making the first 40 years of the Memo-rial a success.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING ALABAMA’S SPE-CIAL CAMP FOR CHILDREN AND ADULTS ∑Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 40th anniver-sary of Alabama’s Special Camp for Children and Adults, a nationally rec-ognized leader in therapeutic recre-ation for children and adults with both physical and intellectual disabilities. Also known as Camp ASCCA, the or-ganization was founded in 1976 with the goal of helping eligible individuals achieve equality, dignity, and max-imum independence. Camp ASCCA is the only one of its kind in the State of Alabama and hosts between 6,000 and 8,000 people each year, all varying in age. On the shores of Lake Martin, the camp offers 230 wooded acres and handicapable facilities. The camp strives to increase the level of individ-uality and confidence of its guests, and that impact lasts long after the camp session ends. Camp ASCCA maintains a trained staff dedicated to accommodating the needs of its visitors. The mission state-ment of ASCCA is to serve those who can derive maximum benefit from the resident camp experience and provide a healthier, happier, longer, and more productive life for children and adults of all abilities. On August 6, 2016, ASCCA will be celebrating its 40th anniversary. Please join me in recognizing Ala-bama’s Special Camp for Children and Adults for its long-term commitment to creating an enjoyable atmosphere for those guests who attend.∑ f 
REMEMBERING MARLIN MOORE ∑Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life of my friend Marlin Moore of Tuscaloosa, AL, who passed away on May 25, 2016. He will be long remembered as an accomplished businessman and a civic leader. A native of Tuscaloosa, Marlin at-tended Tuscaloosa High School and then went on to become a student at the University of Alabama’s School of Commerce. Following graduation, he joined the firm of Pritchett-Moore, Inc., where he worked under its found-ers, Marlin Moore, Sr., and Harry H. Pritchett. Marlin eventually became president and then chairman of Pritchett-Moore. Not only did he develop 43 subdivisions during his time with Pritchett-Moore, but he was involved with the Realtors Association both on the State and na-tional level. Marlin served two terms as president of the Tuscaloosa Associa-tion of Realtors, president of the Ala-bama Association of Realtors, and served as a board member of the Na-tional Association of Realtors for 11 years. For his contributions to the real estate community, he received the Ala-bama Realtor of the Year Award and was named a member of the Home Builders Association of Tuscaloosa Hall of Fame. In addition to his interest and work in real estate, Marlin was also a found-er of Security Bank, where he served as its chairman. He served as a board member of First National Bank and AmSouth Bank, and he served two terms on the board of the Federal Re-serve Bank of Atlanta. In addition to his professional con-tributions to west Alabama, Marlin worked with several philanthropic or-ganizations such as the United Way of West Alabama, West Alabama Chamber of Commerce, Red Cross, Exchange Club, the Boy Scout Council, the West Alabama Community Foundation, and the University of Alabama and the Crimson Tide Track Program. In 2008, he was inducted into the Pillars of West Alabama for his dedicated efforts and service to the area. The city of Tuscaloosa and the State of Alabama was fortunate to have a great businessman and civic leader like Marlin Moore, and he will be sorely missed. I offer my deepest condolences to his wife, Laine, and their children as they celebrate his life and mourn his loss.∑ f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 11:05 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that pursuant to section 3(a) of the Evidence-Based Policy-making Commission Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–140), the Minority Leader ap-points the following individuals on the part of the House of Representatives to the Commission on Evidence-Based Policymaking: Dr. Sherry A. Glied of New York, Dr. Hilary W. Hoynes of California, and Dr. Latanya A. Sweeney of Massachusetts. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 795. A bill to enhance whistleblower pro-tection for contractor and grantee employees (Rept. No. 114–270). S. 1411. A bill to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–271). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. L
EE): S. 3025. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permit fellowship and stipend compensation to be saved in an indi-vidual retirement account; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. SCHUMER: S. 3026. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on inaccurate caller identifica-tion information and to require providers of telephone service to offer technology to sub-scribers to reduce the incidence of unwanted telephone calls, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.071 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3540 June 7, 2016 
By Mr. KING: S. 3027. A bill to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. 3028. A bill to redesignate the Olympic Wilderness as the Daniel J. Evans Wilder-ness; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Ms. MURKOWSKI: S. 3029. A bill to extend the authorization of appropriations to the Department of Vet-erans Affairs for purposes of awarding grants to veterans service organizations for the transportation of highly rural veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C
OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. P
AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S
COTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. V
ITTER , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ): S.J. Res. 34. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relat-ing to defining and delimiting the exemp-tions for executive, administrative, profes-sional, outside sales, and computer employ-ees; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. 
S. 609 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 609, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and increase the exclusion for benefits provided to volunteer firefighters and emergency medical responders. 
S. 857 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 857, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of an initial comprehen-sive care plan for Medicare bene-ficiaries newly diagnosed with Alz-heimer’s disease and related demen-tias, and for other purposes. 
S. 859 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 859, a bill to protect the public, communities across America, and the environment by increasing the safety of crude oil transportation by railroad, and for other purposes. S. 884 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 884, a bill to improve access to emergency medical services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1049 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1049, a bill to allow the financing by United States persons of sales of ag-ricultural commodities to Cuba. 
S. 1516 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1516, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the energy credit to provide greater incentives for industrial energy efficiency. 
S. 1659 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1659, a bill to amend the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to revise the criteria for de-termining which States and political subdivisions are subject to section 4 of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1715 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1715, a bill to re-quire the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the 400th anniversary of the arrival of the Pilgrims. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1982, a bill to authorize a Wall of Re-membrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow cer-tain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance. 
S. 2531 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2531, a bill to authorize State and local governments to divest from entities that engage in commerce-related or in-vestment-related boycott, divestment, or sanctions activities targeting Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2569 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2569, a bill to authorize the Director of the United States Geo-logical Survey to conduct monitoring, assessment, science, and research, in support of the binational fisheries within the Great Lakes Basin, and for other purposes. 
S. 2598 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. BLUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2598, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anni-versary of the Naismith Memorial Bas-ketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 2614 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2614, a bill to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law En-forcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Pa-tient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wan-dering characteristics of some children with autism. 
S. 2659 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2659, a bill to reaffirm that the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency cannot regulate vehicles used solely for com-petition, and for other purposes. 
S. 2682 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2682, a bill to provide territories of the United States with bankruptcy protection. 
S. 2763 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2763, a bill to provide the victims of Holocaust-era persecution and their heirs a fair opportunity to recover works of art confiscated or misappro-priated by the Nazis. 
S. 2852 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2852, a bill to expand the Govern-ment’s use and administration of data to facilitate transparency, effective governance, and innovation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2854 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2854, a bill to reau-thorize the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007. 
S. 2895 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2895, a bill to extend the civil statute of limitations for victims of Federal sex offenses. 
S. 2912 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2912, a bill to authorize the use of unapproved medical products by patients diagnosed with a terminal ill-ness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.015 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3541 June 7, 2016 
S. 2932 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2932, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act with respect to the pro-vision of emergency medical services. 
S. 2934 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2934, a bill to ensure that all indi-viduals who should be prohibited from buying a firearm are listed in the na-tional instant criminal background check system and require a background check for every firearm sale. 
S. 2979 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2979, a bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to require candidates of major parties for the of-fice of President to disclose recent tax return information. 
S. 3023 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3023, a bill to provide for the re-consideration of claims for disability compensation for veterans who were the subjects of experiments by the De-partment of Defense during World War II that were conducted to assess the ef-fects of mustard gas or lewisite on peo-ple, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 465 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 465, a resolution supporting the United States solar energy indus-try in its effort to bring low-cost, clean, 21st-century solar technology into homes and businesses across the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4068 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4068 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4080 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4080 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 4088 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4088 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4097 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 4097 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4098 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 4098 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4116 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4116 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4123 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4123 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4136 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 4136 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses. AMENDMENT NO . 4138 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4138 pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4149 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4149 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4155 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the names of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4155 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4172 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 4172 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4179 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 4179 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4202 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Arkansas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.025 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3542 June 7, 2016 
(Mr. B OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 4202 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4204 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4204 proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4215 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4215 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4217 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4217 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4220 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4220 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4222 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) and the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 4222 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 4223 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4223 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4225 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 4225 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4229 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4229 pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4235 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4235 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4241 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4241 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 4245 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 4245 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4249 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4249 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4250 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4250 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4251 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 4251 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4255 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4255 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4267 
At the request of Mr. C OCHRAN , the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.026 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3543 June 7, 2016 
Utah (Mr. L EE), the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4267 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4276 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of amend-ment No. 4276 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4280 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4280 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4292 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ), the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. K
AINE) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4292 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4292 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, supra. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4306 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4306 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4317 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. DURBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4317 proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4320 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4320 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4369 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Sen-ator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 4369 proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4401 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4401 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4418 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4418 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4423 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. DAINES ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4423 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4426 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4426 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4433 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE), the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4433 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4435 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 4435 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4436 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4436 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4438 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 4438 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.027 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3544 June 7, 2016 
activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. 3028. A bill to redesignate the Olympic Wilderness as the Daniel J. Evans Wilderness; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I am pleased to join with Senator M
URRAY  in introducing legislation to rename the Olympic Wilderness in Olympic Na-tional Park as the Daniel J. Evans Wil-derness, in honor of former Washington Senator and Governor Dan Evans. Dan Evans has had a long and distin-guished career in public service. He was first elected Governor of Washington in 1964 and was reelected in 1968 and 1972. In 1983, he was appointed to fill the term of the late Senator Henry M. Jackson and served an additional term in the Senate before retiring in Janu-ary, 1989. From 1993 through 2005, Sen-ator Evans served as a member of the University of Washington Board of Re-gents. During his time in the Senate, Sen-ator Evans was a leader in the passage of two major wilderness bills in our state. He was a cosponsor of the 1984 Washington Wilderness Act, which des-ignated more than one million acres of national forest lands in Washington as wilderness. And he was the lead spon-sor of the Washington Park Wilderness Act of 1988, which designated more than 1.5 million acres of Wilderness in Olympic, Mount Rainier and North Cascade National Parks. Thanks to Senator Evans’ dedication to protecting many of our state’s most spectacular wildlands, Washingtonians and all Americans are able to enjoy outdoor recreation opportunities in some of our Nation’s most iconic areas, including protection of more than 876,000 acres of wilderness in Olympic National Park. This dedication will not affect the management of either the national park or the wilderness, but it will ap-propriately recognize the important role of Dan Evans in securing the per-manent protection of this magnificent landscape. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for him-self, Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. M CCON-
NELL , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B OOZ-
MAN, Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C OATS , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C OT-
TON, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. MCCAIN, Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S
COTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. V
ITTER , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S.J. Res. 34. A joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to defining and delimiting the exemptions for executive, administrative, profes-sional, outside sales, and computer em-ployees; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I am here today to introduce a Congres-sional Review Act resolution of dis-approval on the administration’s so- called overtime rule. I am joined by Senator J
OHNSON of Wisconsin on this effort and also 43 other Senators who are cosponsors. While President Obama is running around talking about keeping college costs down, his administration has put out this so-called overtime rule that could raise tuition by hundreds of dol-lars for millions of American college students or cause layoffs at our col-leges and universities. In Tennessee, for example, colleges report to me that they may have to raise tuition by any-where from $200 a student to $850 a stu-dent in one case because of this rule. The administration’s new rule is a radical change to our Nation’s over-time rules. What they have done is doubled the salary threshold for over-time. Here is what that means. Hourly workers are usually paid for overtime work, but salaried workers generally don’t earn overtime unless they are making below a threshold set by the Labor Department, as required by the Fair Labor Standards Act. Today that threshold is $23,660. This administra-tion is raising it all at one time to $47,476. The administration calls this the overtime rule. I think we should call this the ‘‘time card’’ rule or the ‘‘higher tuition’’ rule. This means that a midlevel manager in Knoxville or Nashville who is making $40,000 a year is going to have to go back to punching a time card. The rule affects 4.23 million workers nationwide and nearly 100,000 in Ten-nessee. It is going to create huge costs for employers, including small busi-nesses, nonprofits, such as the Boy Scouts, and colleges and universities. They have to decide whether to cut services, cut benefits, lay off or demote employees, or create more part-time jobs or do a little of all of that. The University of Tennessee says that if they increase everyone’s sala-ries to meet the new threshold, they will have to increase tuition by over $200 per student on average, with some seeing as much as a $456 increase. If they put all the salaried employees back on time cards, they will face big morale issues. Listen to this letter I received from a University of Tennessee employee: Currently, I am an exempt employee but I stand to fall under the non-exempt status under the new standards. While this may not seem like a major issue to many, I stand to lose a substantial amount of benefits if my status changes. The nature of my position does not ever cause me to work overtime, as I work in an office from 8:30–4:30 daily and I am salaried. If I am reclassified, it appears I will lose 96 hours of annual leave per year, as well as be subject to an almost 100 hour lower cap on accrued annual leave. 
Another private college in Tennessee tells me it will cost them the equiva-lent of $850 a student if they don’t lay off any employees. As employers, they also face the cas-cade of regulations that is coming from the Labor Department. This rule should be called the ‘‘time card’’ rule because they are going to pull millions of Americans who have climbed their way to salaried positions backwards—back to filling out a time-card and punching a clock, back to having fewer benefits, backwards in their careers, back to being left out of the room, back to being left off emails and even out of the discussion. Want to show your stuff at work? Want to get up early, leave late, climb the ladder, earn the American dream the way that so many Americans have before you? Tough luck. Employers are going to say: Don’t come early. Don’t stay late. Don’t take time off to go to your kids’ football game. Work your 8 hours and go home. I don’t have enough money to pay you overtime. This rule says the Obama administra-tion knows best. They know how to manage your career, your work sched-ule, your free time, and your income. They know better than you do. Today, somebody who makes a salary of less than $23,660 must be paid over-time. Almost everyone agrees that threshold is low and should begin to go up. Almost everyone said to the admin-istration: It is time to raise the num-ber, but don’t go too high, too fast or you will create all kinds of destruction. They didn’t listen, so now we are going to have these huge costs. Let’s talk about employers. Let’s re-member that we are talking about non-profits like Operation Smile, which is a charity that funds cleft palate oper-ations for children. They say this rule will mean 3,000 fewer surgeries a year. Then there is the Great Smoky Moun-tain Council of the Boy Scouts, my home council, which estimates $100,000 in added annual costs because during certain seasons, employees staff week-end campouts and recruitment events, which mean longer hours. Many Americans are discouraged by this economic recovery. Millions are still waiting for the recovery. But you don’t grow the economy by regulations such as this. The National Retail Federation says the rule will ‘‘curtail career advance-ment opportunities, diminish work-place flexibility, damage employee mo-rale, and lead to a more hierarchical workplace.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.028 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3545 June 7, 2016 
The U.S. Chamber Commerce says: ‘‘The dramatic escalation of the salary threshold, below which employees must be paid overtime for working more than 40 hours a week, will mean mil-lions of employees who are salaried professionals will have to be reclassi-fied to hourly wage workers.’’ There are 16 million Americans—in-cluding 320,000 Tennesseans—who are working part time while looking for full-time work or who are out of work entirely. They need a vibrant economy; they don’t need Washington bureau-crats telling them how to manage their work schedule, their free time, and their income. I know this is a good-sounding rule, but it wrestles more and more control from the hands of Americans and small business owners and puts more power in Washington agencies. Many of these rules, like the over-time rule or the ‘‘higher tuition’’ rule or the ‘‘time card’’ rule—call it what-ever you will—won’t stand the test of time. They will end up in courts and they will lose, or another President will come along and fix what is broken. But in the meantime, how many mil-lions of dollars and hours of time will be wasted as small business owners make excruciating decisions about how to implement these rules? My hope is that the Senate will vote to give this ‘‘time card’’ ‘‘higher tui-tion’’ rule an early death before busi-ness owners and nonprofits and col-leges and universities begin the task of implementing it by December. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I rise first to say thank you to the Senator from Tennessee for leading this vote of disapproval on what is really a terrible rule. It is a solution looking for a prob-lem. I spent 31 years running a manufac-turing plant. It has been my experience that I have never had somebody in my operation ask to go from salary to hourly. I remember in 2004 when they tightened the rules and a number of people who worked for me were forced into hourly. None of them wanted to go. By the way, none of them received higher wages or a higher salary; they just lost flexibility—and that is ex-actly what is going to happen. Being an accountant, I would like to kind of go through the numbers. These are the Department of Labor’s own cal-culations. They claim there would be $1.2 billion more wages paid to work-ers. That is what they claim the ben-efit is going to be, but they also admit that there will be $678 million in com-pliance costs to businesses just trying to figure out the rule, trying to imple-ment it. What they are missing is, if wages— and I think that is a big ‘‘if’’ because I think what will end up happening is— you know, employers are competing in a global economy, and you can’t just increase costs. So my guess, basically, is what is going to happen—and hap-pened to my business in 2004—is they will just adjust. The workers won’t get any more money. But let’s just say $1.2 billion in wages is paid to workers. Well, that will be a cost to businesses. So as far as the overall benefit to the economy, wages might increase $1.2 bil-lion, but business costs will increase $1.2 billion, and that nets to zero ben-efit to the economy. But there will still be a $678 million compliance cost to businesses, and, of course, that will be added to the already onerous regu-latory burden on our economy. There are three different studies—the Small Business Administration, the Competitive Enterprise Institute, and the National Association of Manufac-turers—putting the cost of complying with Federal regulation somewhere be-tween $1.75 trillion to over $2 trillion per year. If you take the medium esti-mate of that and divide it by 127 mil-lion households, that is a total cost of compliance with Federal regulations of $14,800 per year, per household. The only larger expense to a household is housing. That is the cost of complying. Let me finish with another figure— $12,000 per year, per employee. That is the cost of just four Obama regulations to one Wisconsin paper manufacturer. I can’t tell you which one because the CEO fears retaliation. Now, think of that for a minute. But just four Obama regulations are costing one paper man-ufacturer the equivalent of $12,000 per year, per employee. So if you are concerned about income inequality, if you are wondering why wages have stagnated, look no further than this massive regulatory burden, and of course the overtime rule is just one of those burdens. I would just ask everybody, would you rather have that $12,000 feeding the government in com-pliance costs or would you rather have that $12,000 in your paycheck feeding your family? Making a living is hard. Big Govern-ment just makes it a whole lot harder, and this overtime rule is just going to make it that much more incrementally harder. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I rise for a few minutes to compliment Chair-man A
LEXANDER and Senator J OHNSON  for their resolution of disapproval on the overtime rule. When I came into the Chamber, L
AMAR ALEXANDER was making his speech, followed by Senator J
OHNSON . I listened closely, because I got a phone call last week from Bryant Wright, the pastor at the Johnson Ferry Baptist Church in Marietta, GA. They are one of the largest Baptist churches in my State. They provide daycare. They pro-vide early childhood development. They provide sports activities. They provide vacation Bible school—a 24/7 program for underprivileged kids. The unintended consequence of what I am sure is a well-intended regulation is that a 24-hour-a-day camp counselor at Johnson Ferry Baptist Church for their vacation Bible school will be paid regular pay for 8 hours and then have to be paid time and a half for the other 16 hours of the day they are with the child under the application of the rule. You are going to price the Johnson Ferry Baptist Church out of the busi-ness of providing for underprivileged children. And what is going to happen? Those people are going to come to the government for the government to pro-vide that service. So what this will do is take a church out of the business of helping human beings and put the government in the position of having more demand for taxpayers to fund services that would have been provided anyway. I commend Chairman ALEXANDER . I commend Senator J
OHNSON and others. I urge all my colleagues to join them in the resolution of disapproval in the overtime rule. It is wrong for America. Its consequences are unintended, but they are devastating. I urge everybody to vote in favor of it, and I appreciate Senator A
LEXANDER for his leadership in introducing that joint resolution. I yield the floor. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4448. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. P AUL, Mr. U DALL , Mr. C RUZ, Ms. C
OLLINS , and Mr. H EINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 4449. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Mr. E
NZI) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4450. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4451. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4452. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Mr. H
ELLER , and Mr. U DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4453. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4454. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4455. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Ms. A
YOTTE ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4456. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4457. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4458. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.045 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3546 June 7, 2016 
to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4459. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4460. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4461. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4462. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Ms. A
YOTTE ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4463. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4464. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4465. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4466. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4467. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4468. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4469. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4470. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4471. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4472. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4473. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. S
ANDERS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4474. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4475. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4476. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4477. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4478. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4479. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. LANKFORD ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4480. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4481. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4482. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4483. Mr. COTTON (for himself, Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. B URR, Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. C ORNYN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4484. Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mr. J
OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4485. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4486. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. L
EE, and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4487. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4488. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4489. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4490. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4491. Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Ms. B
ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4492. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4493. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4494. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4495. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4496. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. F
LAKE , and Mr. N ELSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4497. Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4498. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4499. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4500. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mr. CARPER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4501. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4502. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mrs. B OXER ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4503. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4504. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4505. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. K AINE, Mr. H ATCH , and Mr. R
OUNDS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4506. Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. S
ANDERS , Ms. S TABENOW , and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4507. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4508. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4509. Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. S HELBY , and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4510. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4511. Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4512. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4513. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4514. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4515. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4516. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4517. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4518. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.018 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3547 June 7, 2016 
2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4519. Mr. BURR (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4520. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4521. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4522. Mr. BURR (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4523. Mr. BURR (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4524. Mr. BURR (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4525. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4526. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4527. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4528. Mrs. McCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4529. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4530. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4531. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4532. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4533. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4534. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4535. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4536. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4537. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4538. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4539. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4540. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4541. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4542. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4543. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4544. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4545. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4546. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4547. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4548. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mrs. M CCASKILL , and Mr. P ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4549. Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. M
I-
KULSKI ) proposed an amendment to amend-ment SA 4229 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN to the bill S. 2943, supra. SA 4550. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4551. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4552. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4553. Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. D URBIN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4448. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. P AUL, Mr. U DALL , Mr. C
RUZ, Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. H EINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1031. PROHIBITION ON THE INDEFINITE DE-TENTION OF CITIZENS AND LAWFUL PERMANENT RESIDENTS. 
Section 4001 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) No citizen or lawful permanent resi-dent of the United States shall be imprisoned or otherwise detained by the United States except consistent with the Constitution and pursuant to an Act of Congress that ex-pressly authorizes such imprisonment or de-tention.’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b)(1) A general authorization to use mili-tary force, a declaration of war, or any simi-lar authority, on its own, shall not be con-strued to authorize the imprisonment or de-tention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States apprehended in the United States. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) applies to an authoriza-tion to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority enacted before, on, or after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017. ‘‘(3) This section shall not be construed to authorize the imprisonment or detention of a citizen of the United States, a lawful perma-nent resident of the United States, or any other person who is apprehended in the United States.’’. 
SA 4449. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Mr. E
NZI) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 341. AUTHORITY FOR AGREEMENTS TO RE-IMBURSE STATES FOR COSTS OF SUPPRESSING WILDFIRES ON STATE LANDS CAUSED BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACTIVITIES UNDER LEASES AND OTHER GRANTS OF AC-CESS TO STATE LANDS. 
Section 2691 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) The Secretary of Defense may, in any lease, permit, license, or other grant of ac-cess for use of lands owned by a State, agree to reimburse the State for the reasonable costs of the State in suppressing wildland fires caused by the activities of the Depart-ment of Defense under such lease, permit, li-cense, or other grant of access.’’. 
SA 4450. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 1241, insert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.021 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3548 June 7, 2016 
SEC. 1241A. UNITED STATES POLICY WITH RE-SPECT TO FREEDOM OF NAVIGA-TION OPERATIONS IN INTER-NATIONAL WATERS AND AIRSPACE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Since the Declaration of Independence in 1776, which was inspired in part as a re-sponse to a ‘‘tyrant’’ who ‘‘plundered our seas, ravaged our Coasts’’ and who wrote laws ‘‘for cutting off our Trade with all parts of the world’’, freedom of seas and promotion of international commerce have been core security interests of the United States. (2) Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States establishes enumerated powers for Congress which include regulating commerce with foreign nations, punishing piracies and felonies committed on the high seas and offenses against the law of nations, and providing and maintaining a Navy. (3) For centuries, the United States has maintained a bedrock commitment to ensur-ing the right to freedom of navigation for all law-abiding parties in every region of the world. (4) In support of international law, the longstanding United States commitment to freedom of navigation and ensuring the free access to sea lanes to promote global com-merce remains a core security interest of the United States. (5) This is particularly true in areas of the world that are critical transportation cor-ridors and key routes for global commerce, such as the South China Sea and the East China Sea, through which a significant por-tion of global commerce transits. (6) The consistent exercise of freedom of navigation operations and overflights by United States naval and air forces through-out the world plays a critical role in safe-guarding the freedom of the seas for all law-ful nations, supporting international law, and ensuring the continued safe passage and promotion of global commerce and trade. (b) D
ECLARATION OF POLICY .—It is the pol-icy of the United States to fly, sail, and op-erate throughout the oceans, seas, and air-space of the world wherever international law allows. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION OF POLICY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In furtherance of the pol-icy set forth in subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense shall— (A) plan and execute a robust series of rou-tine and regular freedom of navigation oper-ations (FONOPs) throughout the world, with a particular emphasis on critical transpor-tation corridors and key routes for global commerce (such as the South China Sea and the East China Sea); (B) execute, in such critical transportation corridors, routine and regular maritime free-dom of navigation operations throughout the year; (C) in addition to the operations executed pursuant to subparagraph (B), execute rou-tine and regular maritime freedom of navi-gation operations throughout the year, in accordance with international law, including the use of expanded military options and ma-neuvers beyond innocent passage (including fire-control radars, small boat launches, and helicopter patrols); (D) to the maximum extent practicable, execute freedom of navigation operations pursuant to this subsection with regional partner countries and allies of the United States; and (E) when necessary, execute other routine and regular freedom of navigation operations to challenge maritime and airspace claims by other countries that are not consistent with international law. (2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive a requirement in paragraph (1) to execute a freedom of navigation operation otherwise specified by that paragraph if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense com-mittees in writing that the waiver is in the national security interests of the United States and includes with such certification a justification for the waiver. (d) ANNUAL REPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later then June 30 each year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on the freedom of navigation operations executed pursuant to subsection (c) during the preceding calendar year. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under this sub-section shall include, for the calendar year covered by such report, the following: (A) A list of each freedom of navigation op-eration executed. (B) A description of each such operation, including— (i) the location of the operation; (ii) the type of claim challenged by the op-eration; (iii) the specific military operations con-ducted during the operation; and (iv) each partner country or ally, if any, included in the operation. 
SA 4451. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 216, insert the following: 
SEC. 216A. HIGH ENERGY LASER SYSTEMS TEST FACILITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The High Energy Laser Systems Test Facility (HELSTF) was chartered to be the primary test and evaluation facility for high energy laser systems throughout the Depart-ment of Defense and the Armed Forces, thus ensuring efficient, effective, and more afford-able testing and evaluation of high energy lasers for the United States. (2) Research, development, test, and eval-uation on high energy lasers is critical to achieving the Third Offset Strategy of the Department, and workloads related to laser testing are increasing. (3) Due to insufficient funding, the High Energy Laser Systems Test Facility is un-able to accommodate the test and evaluation demanded of it by the Armed Forces. (b) I
NDEPENDENT EVALUATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall enter into an agreement with an inde-pendent entity to conduct an evaluation and assessment of options to provide financial re-sources for the High Energy Laser Systems Test Facility in accordance with the rec-ommendations in the 2009 report of the Test Resource Management Center and High En-ergy Laser Joint Program Office entitled ‘‘Impact Report to Congress on High Energy Laser Systems Test Facility (HELSTF) and Plan for Test and Evaluation of High Energy Laser Systems’’, and other relevant reports, including— (A) the transfer of management of the Fa-cility to the Joint Directed Energy Program Office (JDEPO), as redesignated by section 216(b); and (B) modifications of funding for the Joint Directed Energy Program Office in order to provide adequate financial resources for the Facility. (2) R
EPORT .—Under the agreement entered into pursuant to paragraph (1), the entity conducting the evaluation and assessment required pursuant to that paragraph shall, by not later than January 31, 2017, submit to the Secretary, and to the congressional de-fense committees, a report setting forth the results of the evaluation and assessment, in-cluding such recommendations for legisla-tive and administrative action with respect to the financial resources and organization of the High Energy Laser Systems Test Fa-cility as the entity considers appropriate. SA 4452. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Mr. H
ELLER , and Mr. U DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1046 and replace with the following: 
SEC. 1046. INDEPENDENT STUDY ON OPERATION OF REMOTELY PILOTED AIRCRAFT BY ENLISTED AIR FORCE PER-SONNEL. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT STUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall obtain an independent review and assessment of officer and enlisted pilots and crews in the remotely piloted aircraft (RPA) enterprise that determines the fol-lowing: (A) The appropriate future balance of offi-cer and enlisted pilots and crews in the re-motely piloted aircraft enterprise. (B) Any potential impacts on the future structure of the Air Force of incorporating enlisted personnel into the piloting of re-motely piloted aircraft. (2) C
ONSIDERATIONS IN DETERMINING BAL -
ANCE .—The balance determined pursuant to the study shall be determined taking into ac-count relevant portions of the defense strat-egy, critical assumptions, priorities, force- sizing constructs, and costs. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than April 14, 2017, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a comprehensive report on the results of the study required by subsection (a), including the following: (1) A detailed discussion of the specific as-sumptions, observations, conclusions, and recommendations of the study. (2) A detailed description of the modeling and analysis techniques used for the study. 
SA 4453. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 597. SPECIAL EXPERIENCE INDICATOR FOR AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS MAIN-TENANCE PERSONNEL WHO MAIN-TAIN REMOTELY PILOTED AIRCRAFT GROUND CONTROL STATIONS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT REQUIRED .—Not later than February 1, 2017, the Secretary of the Air Force shall establish a Special Experi-ence Indicator (SEI) for Air Force commu-nications maintenance personnel who main-tain remotely piloted aircraft ground control stations (GCS). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.030 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3549 June 7, 2016 
(b) A SSIGNMENT TO CURRENT PERSONNEL .— The Secretary shall complete the assign-ment of the Special Experience Indicator es-tablished pursuant to subsection (a) to all current personnel of the Air Force who merit the assignment of the Special Experience In-dicator by not later than September 1, 2017. 
SA 4454. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1123 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1123. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR SCI-ENTIFIC, ENGINEERING, AND OTHER POSITIONS FOR TEST AND EVALUA-TION FACILITIES OF THE MAJOR RANGE AND TEST FACILITY BASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may, acting through the Director of Oper-ational Test and Evaluation and the Direc-tors of the test and evaluation facilities of the Major Range and Test Facility Base of the Department of Defense, appoint qualified candidates possessing a college degree to sci-entific, engineering, technical, and key sup-port positions within the Office of the Direc-tor of Operational Test and Evaluation and the test and evaluation facilities of the Major Range and Test Facility Base without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, other than sections 3303 and 3328 of such title. (b) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Authority under this sec-tion may not, in any calendar year and with respect to the Office of the Director of Oper-ational Test and Evaluation or any test and evaluation facility, be exercised with respect to a number of candidates greater than the number equal to 5 percent of the total num-ber of positions described in subsection (a) within the Office or such facility that are filled as of the close of the fiscal year last ending before the start of such calendar year. (2) N
ATURE OF APPOINTMENT .—For purposes of this subsection, any candidate appointed to a position under this section shall be treated as appointed on a full-time equiva-lent basis. (c) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to make appointments under this section shall not be available after December 31, 2021. (d) M
AJOR RANGE AND TESTFACILITY BASE D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Major Range and Test Facility Base’’ means the test and evaluation facilities that are des-ignated by the Secretary as facilities and re-sources comprising the Major Range and Test Facility Base of the Department. 
SA 4455. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Ms. A
YOTTE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XVI, add the following: SEC. 1667. REPORT ON PERFORMANCE OF TRAN-SISTORS USED BY MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the performance of transistors used in electronic systems on platforms and systems in radiation-hardened applications of the Agency. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an assessment of the performance of transistors described in subsection (a) in ra-diation-hardened applications; and (2) an identification of emerging transistor technologies with the potential to enhance the performance of electronic systems in ra-diation-hardened applications. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SA 4456. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. PROGRAM TO INCREASE EFFICIENCY IN THE RECRUITMENT AND HIRING BY THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS OF HEALTH CARE WORK-ERS UNDERGOING SEPARATION FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Defense, carry out a program to re-cruit individuals who are undergoing separa-tion from the Armed Forces and who served in a health care capacity while serving as a member of the Armed Forces. The program shall be known as the ‘‘Docs-to-Doctors Pro-gram’’. (b) S
HARING OF INFORMATION .— (1) S
UBMITTAL OF LIST .—For purposes of carrying out the program, not less fre-quently than once per year (or a shorter pe-riod that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense may jointly specify), the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs a list of members of the Armed Forces, includ-ing the reserve components, who— (A) served in a health care capacity while serving as a member of the Armed Forces; (B) are undergoing or have undergone sepa-ration from the Armed Forces during the pe-riod covered by the list; and (C) will be discharged from the Armed Forces under honorable conditions, as deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense, or have been discharged from the Armed Forces under honorable conditions during the period covered by the list. (2) U
SE OF OCCUPATIONAL CODES .—Each list submitted under paragraph (1) shall include members of the Armed Forces who were as-signed a Military Occupational Specialty code, an Air Force Specialty Code, or a United States Navy rating indicative of serv-ice in a health care capacity. (3) I
NFORMATION INCLUDED .—Each list sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following information, to the extent such in-formation is available to the Secretary of Defense, with respect to each member of the Armed Forces included in such list: (A) Contact information. (B) Rank upon separation from the Armed Forces. (C) A description of health care experience while serving as a member of the Armed Forces and other relevant health care experi-ence, including any relevant credential, such as a certificate, certification, or license, in-cluding the name of the institution or orga-nization that issued the credential. (4) CONSULTATION WITH SECRETARY OF HOME -
LAND SECURITY .—In submitting each list under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall consult with the Secretary of Home-land Security with respect to matters con-cerning the Coast Guard when it is not oper-ating as a service in the Navy. (c) R
ESOLUTION OF BARRIERS TO EMPLOY -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-gram, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, work to resolve any barriers relat-ing to credentialing or to specific hiring rules, procedures, and processes of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs that may delay or prevent the hiring of individuals who are undergoing separation from the Armed Forces and who served in a health care ca-pacity while serving as a member of the Armed Forces, including by reconciling dif-ferent credentialing processes and standards between the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Defense. (2) R
EPORT .—If the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines that a barrier described in paragraph (1) cannot be resolved under such paragraph, the Secretary shall, not later than 90 days after the discovery of the barrier, submit to Congress a report that in-cludes such recommendations for legislative and administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate to resolve the barrier, including any barrier imposed by a State. (d) T
REATMENT OF APPLICATIONS FOR EM-
PLOYMENT .—An application for employment in the Department of Veterans Affairs in a health care capacity received by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs from a member or former member of the Armed Forces who is on a list submitted to the Secretary under subsection (b) shall not be considered an ap-plication from outside the work force of the Department for purposes of section 3330 of title 5, United States Code, and section 335.105 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act), if the application is received not later than one year after the separation of the member or former member from the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 1097A. UNIFORM CREDENTIALING STAND-ARDS FOR CERTAIN HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 74 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 7423 the following new section: ‘‘§ 7423A. Personnel administration: uniform credentialing process ‘‘(a) U
NIFORM PROCESS .—The Secretary shall implement a uniform credentialing process for employees of the Veterans Health Administration for each position specified in section 7421(b) of this title. ‘‘(b) R
ECOGNITION THROUGHOUT ADMINISTRA -
TION.—If an employee of the Administration in a position specified in section 7421(b) of this title is credentialed under this section for purposes of practicing in a location with-in the Administration, such credential shall be deemed to be sufficient for the employee to practice in any location within the Ad-ministration. ‘‘(c) R
ENEWAL .—(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary may provide for the renewal of credentials under this section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.030 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3550 June 7, 2016 
pursuant to such regulations as the Sec-retary may prescribe for such purpose. ‘‘(2) Renewal of credentials under this sec-tion may not be required solely because an employee moves from one facility of the De-partment to another.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 74 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7423 the following new item: ‘‘7423A. Personnel administration: uniform credentialing process.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall implement the uni-form credentialing process required under section 7423A of such title, as added by sub-section (a), not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 4457. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1655. PLAN TO MODERNIZE THE NUCLEAR WEAPONS STOCKPILE. 
Section 1043(a)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1576), as most re-cently amended by section 1643 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3650), is further amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (G) as subparagraph (I); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) A detailed description of the plan to modernize the nuclear weapons stockpile of the United States, including an estimate of the costs (including estimated cost ranges if necessary), during the 25-year period fol-lowing the date of the report to implement planned programs to modernize and sustain all elements of the nuclear security enter-prise, including the estimated life cycle costs of modernization programs planned and or in the planning stages as of the date of the report. Such estimates shall include the costs of research and development and pro-duction relating to nuclear weapons that are being replaced, modernized, or sustained, in-cluding with respect to— ‘‘(i) associated delivery systems or plat-forms that carry nuclear weapons; ‘‘(ii) nuclear command and control sys-tems; and ‘‘(iii) facilities, infrastructure, and critical skills.’’. 
SA 4458. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: SEC. 1097. CLOSURE OF ST. MARYS AIRPORT, ST. MARYS, GEORGIA. 
(a) R ELEASE OF RESTRICTIONS .—Subject to subsection (b), the United States, acting through the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, shall release the City of St. Marys, Georgia, from all restric-tions, conditions, and limitations on the use, encumbrance, conveyance, and closure of the St. Marys Airport, to the extent such re-strictions, conditions, and limitations are enforceable by the Administrator. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR RELEASE OF RE-
STRICTIONS .—The Administrator shall exe-cute the release under subsection (a) once all of the following occurs: (1) The Secretary of the Navy transfers to the Georgia Department of Transportation the amounts described in subsection (c) and requires as an enforceable condition on such transfer that all funds transferred shall be used only for airport development (as defined in section 47102 of title 49, United States Code) of a regional airport in Georgia, con-sistent with planning efforts conducted by the Administrator and the Georgia Depart-ment of Transportation. (2) The City of St. Marys, for consideration as provided for in this section, grants to the United States, under the administrative ju-risdiction of the Secretary, a restrictive use easement in the real property used for the St. Marys Airport, as determined acceptable by the Secretary, under such terms and con-ditions that the Secretary considers nec-essary to protect the interests of the United States and prohibiting the future use of such property for all aviation-related purposes and any other purposes deemed by the Sec-retary to be incompatible with the oper-ations, functions, and missions of Naval Sub-marine Base, Kings Bay, Georgia. (3) The Secretary obtains an appraisal to determine the fair market value of the real property used for the St. Marys Airport in the manner described in subsection (c)(1). (4) The Administrator fulfills the obliga-tions under the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) in con-nection with the release under subsection (a). In carrying out such obligations— (A) the Administrator shall not assume or consider any potential or proposed future re-development of the current St. Marys airport property; (B) any potential new regional airport in Georgia shall be deemed to be not connected with the release noted in subsection (a) nor the closure of St. Marys Airport; and (C) any environmental review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for a potential re-gional airport in Georgia shall be considered through an environmental review process separate and apart from the environmental review made a condition of release by this section. (5) The Administrator fulfills the obliga-tions under sections 47107(h) and 46319 of title 49, United States Code. (6) Any actions required under part 157 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, are car-ried out to the satisfaction of the Adminis-trator. (c) T
RANSFER OF AMOUNTS DESCRIBED .—The amounts described in this subsection are the following: (1) An amount equal to the fair market value of the real property of the St. Marys Airport, as determined by the Secretary and concurred in by the Administrator, based on an appraisal report and title documentation that— (A) is prepared or adopted by the Sec-retary, and concurred in by the Adminis-trator, not more than 180 days prior to the transfer described in subsection (b)(1); and (B) meets all requirements of Federal law and the appraisal and documentation stand-ards applicable to the acquisition and dis-posal of real property interests of the United States. (2) An amount equal to the unamortized portion of any Federal development grants (including grants available under a State block grant program established pursuant to section 47128 of title 49, United States Code), other than used for the acquisition of land, paid to the City of St. Marys for use as the St. Marys Airport. (3) An amount equal to the airport reve-nues remaining in the airport account for the St. Marys Airport as of the date of the enactment of this Act and as otherwise due to or received by the City of St. Marys after such date of enactment pursuant to sections 47107(b) and 47133 of title 49, United States Code. (d) AUTHORIZATION FOR TRANSFER OF  F
UNDS .—Using funds available to the Depart-ment of the Navy for operation and mainte-nance, the Secretary may pay the amounts described in subsection (c) to the Georgia De-partment of Transportation, conditioned as described in subsection (b)(1). (e) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— (1) S
URVEY .—The exact acreage and legal description of St. Marys Airport shall be de-termined by a survey satisfactory to the Sec-retary and concurred in by the Adminis-trator. (2) P
LANNING OF REGIONAL AIRPORT .—Any planning effort for the development of a re-gional airport in southeast Georgia shall be conducted in coordination with the Sec-retary, and shall ensure that any such re-gional airport does not interfere with the op-erations, functions, and missions of Naval Submarine Base, Kings Bay, Georgia. The de-termination of the Secretary shall be final as to whether the operations of a new regional airport in southeast Georgia would interfere with such military operations. 
SA 4459. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 153, strike lines 1 through 16. 
SA 4460. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 877. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON SOLID ROCKET MOTOR (SRM) INDUS-TRIAL BASE FOR TACTICAL MIS-SILES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 31, 2017, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the solid rock-et motor (SRM) industrial base for tactical missiles. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.032 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3551 June 7, 2016 
(1) A review of all Department of Defense reports that have been published since 2009 on the United States tactical solid rocket motor (SRM) industrial base, together with the analyses underlying such reports. (2) An examination of the factors the De-partment uses in awarding SRM contracts and that Department of Defense contractors use in awarding SRM subcontracts, including cost, schedule, technical qualifications, sup-ply chain diversification, past performance, and other evaluation factors, such as meet-ing offset obligations under foreign military sales agreements. (3) An assessment of the foreign-built por-tion of the United States SRM market and of the effectiveness of actions taken by the De-partment to address the declining state of the United States tactical SRM industrial base. 
SA 4461. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 563 and insert the following: 
SEC. 563. ACCESS TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INSTALLATIONS OF INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION PROVIDING CERTAIN ADVISING AND STUDENT SUPPORT SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 101 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2012 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2012a. Access to department of defense in-stallations: institutions of higher education providing certain advising and student support services ‘‘(a) A
CCESS .— ‘‘(1) A
CCESS TO BE PERMITTED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of De-fense may grant access to Department of De-fense installations for the purpose of pro-viding at the installation concerned timely face-to-face student advising and related support services to members of the armed forces and other persons who are eligible for assistance under Department of Defense edu-cational assistance programs and authori-ties, in accordance with the limitations pro-vided under paragraph (2)(B), to any institu-tion of higher education that— ‘‘(i) has entered into a Voluntary Edu-cation Partnership Memorandum of Under-standing with the Department; ‘‘(ii) is not in violation of the Department of Defense Voluntary Education Partnership Memorandum of Understanding that governs higher education activities on military in-stallations and complies with the regula-tions related to substantial misrepresenta-tion promulgated pursuant to section 487(c)(3) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1094(c)(3)); and ‘‘(iii) has received approval for such access by the educational service office of the in-stallation concerned. ‘‘(B) T
RANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .— The Secretary of Defense may grant access to Department of Defense installations for the purpose of educating members of the armed forces about education and employ-ment after military service as part of the Transition Assistance Program to any insti-tution of higher education that meets the criteria under subparagraph (A) and has re-ceived approval for such access by the base transition office of the installation con-cerned. ‘‘(2) SCOPE OF ACCESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Access may be granted under paragraph (1) in a nondiscriminatory manner to any institution covered by that paragraph regardless of the particular learn-ing modality offered by that institution. ‘‘(B) S
TUDENT ADVISING AND RELATED SUP -
PORT .—Access granted in accordance with paragraph (1)(A) shall be limited to face-to- face student advisement and related support services for such institution’s students who are enrolled as of the date of the advisement and provision of related support services. ‘‘(C) T
RANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .—Ac- cess granted in accordance with paragraph (1)(B) shall be limited to face-to-face student advisement and related support services for students and members of the armed forces who have elected to participate in the higher education track of the Transition Assistance Program but shall not occur during the Transition Assistance Program. ‘‘(D) P
ROHIBITIONS .—Any institution of higher education granted installation access under this section shall be prohibited from engaging in any recruitment, marketing, or advertising activities during such access. ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe in regulations the time and place of access granted pursuant to subsection (a). The regulations shall provide the following: ‘‘(1) The opportunity for institutions of higher education to receive access at times and places that ensure opportunity for stu-dents to obtain advising and support services described in subsection (a) as best meets the needs of the military and members of the armed forces. ‘‘(2) The opportunity for institutions of higher education to receive access at times and places that ensure opportunity for mem-bers of the armed forces transitioning to life after military service, as determined by the base transition officer concerned to best meet the needs of the military and members of the armed forces, to receive advising, stu-dent support services, and education pursu-ant to this section. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘Department of Defense edu-cational assistance programs and authori-ties’ has the meaning given the term ‘De-partment of Defense educational assistance programs and authorities covered by this section’ in section 2006a(c)(1) of this title. ‘‘(2) The term ‘institution of higher edu-cation’ has the meaning given that term in section 2006a(c)(2) of this title. ‘‘(3) The term ‘Voluntary Education Part-nership Memorandum of Understanding’ has the meaning given that term in Department of Defense Instruction 1322.25, entitled ‘Vol-untary Education Programs’, or any suc-cessor Department of Defense Instruction.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 101 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2012 the following new item: ‘‘2012a. Access to Department of Defense in-stallations: institutions of higher education providing cer-tain advising and student sup-port services.’’. 
SA 4462. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Ms. A
YOTTE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. NORTHERN BORDER THREAT ANAL-YSIS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (E) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (F) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; (G) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and (H) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (2) N
ORTHERN BORDER .—The term ‘‘North-ern Border’’ means the land and maritime borders between the United States and Can-ada. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a Northern Border threat anal-ysis that includes— (1) current and potential terrorism and criminal threats posed by individuals and or-ganized groups seeking— (A) to enter the United States through the Northern Border; or (B) to exploit border vulnerabilities on the Northern Border; (2) improvements needed at and between ports of entry along the Northern Border— (A) to prevent terrorists and instruments of terrorism from entering the United States; and (B) to reduce criminal activity, as meas-ured by the total flow of illegal goods, illicit drugs, and smuggled and trafficked persons moved in either direction across to the Northern Border; (3) gaps in law, policy, cooperation between State, tribal, and local law enforcement, international agreements, or tribal agree-ments that hinder effective and efficient bor-der security, counter-terrorism, anti-human smuggling and trafficking efforts, and the flow of legitimate trade along the Northern Border; and (4) whether additional U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance and preinspection operations at ports of entry along the Northern Border could help pre-vent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States. (c) A
NALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—For the threat analysis required under subsection (b), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall consider and examine— (1) technology needs and challenges; (2) personnel needs and challenges; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.032 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3552 June 7, 2016 
(3) the role of State, tribal, and local law enforcement in general border security ac-tivities; (4) the need for cooperation among Fed-eral, State, tribal, local, and Canadian law enforcement entities relating to border secu-rity; (5) the terrain, population density, and cli-mate along the Northern Border; and (6) the needs and challenges of Department of Homeland Security facilities, including the physical approaches to such facilities. (d) C
LASSIFIED THREAT ANALYSIS .—To the extent possible, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit the threat analysis re-quired under subsection (b) in unclassified form. The Secretary may submit a portion of the threat analysis in classified form if the Secretary determines that such form is ap-propriate for that portion. 
SA 4463. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 128. TESTING AND INTEGRATION OF MINEHUNTING SONARS FOR LIT-TORAL COMBAT SHIP MINE HUNT-ING CAPABILITIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Department of the Navy has deter-mined that the Remote Minehunting system (RMS) has not performed satisfactorily and that the program will be restructured to ac-celerate a less capable variant on the RMS into the Littoral Combat Ship. (2) On February 26, 2016, Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus stated that new testing must be done to find a permanent solution to the mine countermeasures mission package and that the Navy wants to ‘‘get it out there as quickly as you can and test it in a more realistic environment’’. (3) Restructuring a program the Depart-ment of the Navy has determined will be dis-continued is not the best use of taxpayer dol-lars. (4) There are several mature unmanned surface vehicle-towed and unmanned under-water vehicle-based synthetic aperture so-nars sensors (SAS) in use by navies of allied nations. (5) SAS sensors are currently in operation and performing well. (6) SAS sensors provide a technology that is operational and ready to meet the Littoral Combat Ship minehunting area clearance rate sustained requirement. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2018, the Secretary of the Navy shall— (A) conduct operational at-sea testing and experimentation of those currently available and deployed United States and allied con-ventional side-scan sonar and synthetic aper-ture sonar; (B) complete an assessment of all minehunting sonar technologies that can meet the mine countermeasures mission package (MCM MP); and (C) submit to the congressional defense committees a report that contains the find-ings of the at-sea testing and experimen-tation and market survey of all capable tech-nologies found suitable for performing the Littoral Combat Ship minehunting mission. (2) ELEMENTS .—The market survey and as-sessment required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) specific details regarding the capabili-ties of current minehunting sonar and in- production synthetic aperture sonar sensors available for integration on the Littoral Combat Ship; (B) an assessment of the capabilities achieved by integrating synthetic aperture sonar sensors on the Littoral Combat Ship; and (C) recommendations to enhance the minehunting capabilities of the Littoral Combat Ship minehunting mission using conventional sonar systems and synthetic aperture sonar systems. (c) A
SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Navy shall perform at-sea testing of conventional side-scan sonar systems and synthetic aperture sonar systems to deter-mine which systems can meet the require-ments of the Navy minehunting counter-measure mission package. (d) S
ONAR SYSTEM DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘sonar system’’ includes, at a minimum, conventional side-scan sonar technologies and synthetic aperture sonar technologies. 
SA 4464. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1027 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1027. UNCLASSIFIED NOTICE AND MEMO-RANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING BE-TWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE FOREIGN COUNTRY OR ENTITY CONCERNED BEFORE TRANSFER OF ANY DETAINEE AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO A FOREIGN COUNTRY OR ENTITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The detention facilities at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, were established in 2002 for the pur-pose of detaining those who plan, authorize, commit, or aid in the planning, authorizing, or committing of acts of terrorism against the United States. (2) The facilities have detained individuals who have killed, maimed, or otherwise harmed innocent civilians and members of the United States Armed Forces, as well as combatants who have received specialized training in the conduct and facilitation of acts of terrorism against the United States, its citizens, and its allies. This includes 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheik Mohammed and scores of other known terrorists. (3) The location of the detention facilities at Guantanamo Bay protects the United States, its citizens, and its allies. No pris-oner has ever escaped from Guantanamo Bay. (4) On January 22, 2009, President Barack Obama issued Executive Order 13492 ordering the closure of the detention facilities at Guantanamo Bay, consistent with the na-tional security and foreign policy interests of the United States and the interests of jus-tice. (5) Executive Order 13492 directs the De-partment of State to participate in the re-view of each detainee to determine whether it is possible to transfer or release the indi-vidual consistent with the national security and foreign policy interests of the United States. (6) The Secretary of State is ordered to ex-peditiously pursue and direct negotiations and diplomatic efforts with foreign govern-ments as are necessary and appropriate to implement Executive Order 13492. (7) Since 2009, the Department of State has played a substantial role in the review and transfer of enemy combatants from the juris-diction of the United States to the custody or control of foreign governments through the appointment of a Special Envoy for Guantanamo Closure. (8) President Obama has released numerous detainees from Guantanamo Bay since tak-ing office, some of whom are known or sus-pected to have reengaged in terrorist activ-ity. (9) The transfer of individuals from Guan-tanamo Bay to foreign countries sharply in-creased from 2014 to 2016, bringing the num-ber of detainees remaining at Guantanamo Bay to less than 100. (10) The administration often transfers de-tainees to countries in close proximity to their countries of origin. In some cases, pris-oners have been relocated within blocks of United States diplomatic facilities located in countries with governments that have pub-licly stated no intention to monitor or re-strict travel of potentially dangerous former detainees or that otherwise lack the capac-ity to mitigate threat potential. (11) The administration is required to no-tify Congress of its intent to transfer indi-viduals detained at Guantanamo pursuant to section 1034 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) and certify that among other things, the foreign country to which the individual is proposed to be transferred has taken or agreed to take appropriate steps to substan-tially mitigate any risk the individual could attempt to reengage in terrorist activity or otherwise threaten the United States or its allies or interests. (12) While not required by law, the admin-istration has classified these notifications so that only a small number of individuals are able to know their contents. (13) The information contained in such a notice does not warrant classification, given that third-party nations and the detainees themselves possess such information. (14) The decision to classify the notice and certification results in a process that is not transparent, thereby preventing the Amer-ican public from knowing pertinent informa-tion about the release of these individuals. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the people of the United States deserve to know who is being released from the de-tention facilities at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, their countries of origin, their destinations, and the ability of the host nation to prevent recidivism; and (2) the people of the United States deserve transparency in the manner in which the Obama Administration complies with Execu-tive Order 13492. (c) N
OTICE REQUIRED .—Not less than 30 days prior to the transfer of any individual detained at Guantanamo to the custody or control of the individual’s country of origin, any other foreign country, or any other for-eign entity, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an unclassified notice that in-cludes— (1) the name, country of origin, and coun-try of destination of the individual; (2) the number of individuals detained at Guantanamo previously transferred to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.033 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3553 June 7, 2016 
country to which the individual is proposed to be transferred; and (3) the number of such individuals who are known or suspected to have reengaged in ter-rorist activity after being transferred to that country. (d) B
RIEFING .—The Secretary of Defense shall brief the appropriate committees of Congress within 5 days of transmitting the notice required by subsection (c). Such brief-ing shall include an explanation of why the destination country was chosen for the transferee and an overview of countries being considered for future transfers. (e) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—Sec- tion 1034(b) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (129 Stat. 969; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph (4): ‘‘(4) both— ‘‘(A) the United States Government, on the one hand, and the government of the foreign country or the recognized leadership of the foreign entity, on the other hand, have en-tered into a written memorandum of under-standing (MOU) regarding the transfer of the individual; and ‘‘(B) the memorandum of understanding— ‘‘(i) has been transmitted to the appro-priate committees of Congress in unclassi-fied form (unless the Secretary determines that the memorandum of understanding must be transmitted to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress in classified form and, upon making such determination, submits to Congress a detailed unclassified report ex-plaining why the memorandum of under-standing is being kept classified); and ‘‘(ii) includes an assessment of the capac-ity, willingness, and past practices (if appli-cable) of the foreign country or foreign enti-ty, as the case may be, with respect to the matters certified by the Secretary pursuant to paragraphs (2) and (3) that has been trans-mitted to the appropriate committee of Con-gress in unclassified form (unless the Sec-retary determines that the assessment must be transmitted to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress in classified form and, upon making such determination, submits to Con-gress a detailed unclassified report explain-ing why the assessment is being kept classi-fied); and’’. (f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to be inconsistent with the requirements of section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) The term ‘‘individual detained at Guan-tanamo’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1034(f)(2) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
SA 4465. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROTEC-TION ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Critical Infrastructure Protec-tion Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘CIPA’’. (b) EMP 
AND GMD P LANNING , RESEARCH  
ANDDEVELOPMENT , ANDPROTECTION AND PRE-
PAREDNESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 2 (6 U.S.C. 101)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through (18) as paragraphs (11) through (20), respec-tively; (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (7) and (8) as paragraphs (8) and (9), respectively; (iii) by inserting after paragraph (6) the following: ‘‘(7) The term ‘EMP’ means an electro-magnetic pulse caused by a nuclear device or nonnuclear device, including such a pulse caused by an act of terrorism.’’; and (iv) by inserting after paragraph (9), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(10) The term ‘GMD’ means a geo-magnetic disturbance caused by a solar storm or another naturally occurring phe-nomenon.’’; (B) in section 201(d) (6 U.S.C. 121(d)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(26)(A) To conduct an intelligence-based review and comparison of the risk and con-sequence of threats and hazards, including GMD and EMP, facing critical infrastruc-tures, and prepare and submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives— ‘‘(i) a recommended strategy to protect and prepare the critical infrastructure of the American homeland against threats of EMP and GMD, including from acts of terrorism; and ‘‘(ii) not less frequently than every 2 years, updates of the recommended strategy. ‘‘(B) The recommended strategy under sub-paragraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) be based on findings of the research and development conducted under section 319; ‘‘(ii) be developed in consultation with the relevant Federal sector-specific agencies (as defined under Presidential Policy Directive– 21) for critical infrastructures; ‘‘(iii) be developed in consultation with the relevant sector coordinating councils for critical infrastructures; ‘‘(iv) be informed, to the extent prac-ticable, by the findings of the intelligence- based review and comparison of the risk and consequence of threats and hazards, includ-ing GMD and EMP, facing critical infrastruc-tures conducted under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(v) be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. ‘‘(C) The Secretary may, if appropriate, in-corporate the recommended strategy into a broader recommendation developed by the Department to help protect and prepare crit-ical infrastructure from terrorism, cyber at-tacks, and other threats and hazards if, as incorporated, the recommended strategy complies with subparagraph (B).’’; (C) in title III (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 319. GMD AND EMP MITIGATION RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In furtherance of domes-tic preparedness and response, the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, and in consultation with other relevant executive agencies and relevant owners and operators of critical in-frastructure, shall, to the extent practicable, conduct research and development to miti-gate the consequences of threats of EMP and GMD. ‘‘(b) SCOPE.—The scope of the research and development under subsection (a) shall in-clude the following: ‘‘(1) An objective scientific analysis— ‘‘(A) evaluating the risks to critical infra-structures from a range of threats of EMP and GMD; and ‘‘(B) which shall— ‘‘(i) be conducted in conjunction with the Office of Intelligence and Analysis; and ‘‘(ii) include a review and comparison of the range of threats and hazards facing crit-ical infrastructure of the electric grid. ‘‘(2) Determination of the critical utilities and national security assets and infrastruc-tures that are at risk from threats of EMP and GMD. ‘‘(3) An evaluation of emergency planning and response technologies that would ad-dress the findings and recommendations of experts, including those of the Commission to Assess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attack, which shall include a review of the feasibility of— ‘‘(A) rapidly isolating 1 or more portions of the electrical grid from the main electrical grid; and ‘‘(B) training utility and transmission op-erators to deactivate transmission lines within seconds of an event constituting a threat of EMP or GMD. ‘‘(4) An analysis of technology options that are available to improve the resiliency of critical infrastructure to threats of EMP and GMD, which shall include an analysis of neu-tral current blocking devices that may pro-tect high-voltage transmission lines. ‘‘(5) The restoration and recovery capabili-ties of critical infrastructure under differing levels of damage and disruption from various threats of EMP and GMD, as informed by the objective scientific analysis conducted under paragraph (1). ‘‘(6) An analysis of the feasibility of a real- time alert system to inform electric grid op-erators and other stakeholders within milli-seconds of a high-altitude nuclear explo-sion.’’; and (D) in title V (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.), by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 527. NATIONAL PLANNING AND EDU-CATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall, to the extent practicable— ‘‘(1) develop an incident annex or similar response and planning strategy that guides the response to a major GMD or EMP event; and ‘‘(2) conduct outreach to educate owners and operators of critical infrastructure, emergency planners, and emergency re-sponse providers at all levels of government regarding threats of EMP and GMD. ‘‘(b) E
XISTING ANNEXES AND PLANS .—The incident annex or response and planning strategy developed under subsection (a)(1) may be incorporated into existing incident annexes or response plans.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amend-ed— (i) by inserting after the item relating to section 317 the following: ‘‘Sec. 319. GMD and EMP mitigation re-search and development.’’; and (ii) by inserting after the item relating to section 525 the following: ‘‘Sec. 526. Integrated Public Alert and Warn-ing System modernization. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.033 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3554 June 7, 2016 
‘‘Sec. 527. National planning and edu-cation.’’. (B) Section 501(13) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311(13)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2(11)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2(13)(B)’’. (C) Section 712(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2(16) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101(16))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101)’’. (3) D
EADLINE FOR INITIAL RECOMMENDED  
STRATEGY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit the rec-ommended strategy required under para-graph (26) of section 201(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121(d)), as added by this section. (4) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall submit to Congress a report describing the progress made in, and an estimated date by which the Department of Homeland Security will have completed— (A) including threats of EMP and GMD (as those terms are defined in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this section) in national planning, as de-scribed in section 527 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as added by this section; (B) research and development described in section 319 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by this section; (C) development of the recommended strat-egy required under paragraph (26) of section 201(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121(d)), as added by this section; and (D) beginning to conduct outreach to edu-cate emergency planners and emergency re-sponse providers at all levels of government regarding threats of EMP and GMD events. (c) N
OREGULATORY AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this section, including the amendments made by this section, shall be construed to grant any regulatory authority. (d) N
ONEWAUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA -
TIONS .—This section, including the amend-ments made by this section, may be carried out only by using funds appropriated under the authority of other laws. 
SA 4466. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1236. ANNUALLY UPDATED ASSESSMENTS ON FUNDING OF POLITICAL PARTIES AND NONGOVERNMENTAL ORGANI-ZATIONS BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERA-TION. 
Section 502 of the Intelligence Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division M of Public Law 114–113; 29 Stat. 2924) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respsectively; (2) in subsection (c), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and each update required by subsection (b)’’ after ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and (3) by inserting after subsection (a), the following: ‘‘(b) A
NNUAL UPDATE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017, and annually thereafter, the Director of National Intelligence shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees an update of the assessment required by subsection (a).’’. SA 4467. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. PUBLICATION OF INFORMATION ON PROVISION OF HEALTH CARE BY DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS AND ABUSE OF OPIOIDS BY VET-ERANS. 
(a) P UBLICATION OF INFORMATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 180 days thereafter, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall publish on a publicly available Internet website of the Department of Veterans Affairs information on the provision of health care by the De-partment and the abuse of opioids by vet-erans. (b) E
LEMENTS .— (1) H
EALTH CARE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each publication re-quired by subsection (a) shall include, with respect to each medical facility of the De-partment during the 180-day period preceding such publication, the following: (i) The average number of patients seen per month by each primary care physician. (ii) The average length of stay for inpa-tient care. (iii) A description of any hospital-acquired condition acquired by a patient. (iv) The rate of readmission of patients within 30 days of release. (v) The rate at which opioids are prescribed to each patient. (vi) The average wait time for emergency room treatment. (vii) A description of any scheduling back-log with respect to patient appointments. (B) A
DDITIONAL ELEMENTS .—The Secretary may include in each publication required by subsection (a) such additional information on the safety of medical facilities of the De-partment, health outcomes at such facilities, and quality of care at such facilities as the Secretary considers appropriate. (C) S
EARCHABILITY .—The Secretary shall ensure that information described in sub-paragraph (A) that is included on the Inter-net website required by subsection (a) is searchable by State, city, and facility. (2) O
PIOID ABUSE BY VETERANS .—Each publi-cation required by subsection (a) shall in-clude, for the 180-day period preceding such publication, the following information: (A) The number of veterans prescribed opioids by health care providers of the De-partment. (B) A comprehensive list of all facilities of the Department offering an opioid treatment program, including details on the types of services available at each facility. (C) The number of veterans treated by a health care provider of the Department for opioid abuse. (D) Of the veterans described in subpara-graph (C), the number treated for opioid abuse in conjunction with posttraumic stress disorder, depression, or anxiety. (E) With respect to veterans receiving treatment for opioid abuse— (i) the average number of times veterans reported abusing opioids before beginning such treatment; and (ii) the main reasons reported to the De-partment by veterans as to how they came to receive such treatment, including self-refer-ral or recommendation by a physician or family member. (c) PERSONAL INFORMATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that personal information con-nected to information published under sub-section (a) is protected from disclosure as re-quired by applicable law. (d) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Con-gress a report setting forth recommenda-tions for additional elements to be included with the information published under sub-section (a) to improve the evaluation and as-sessment of the safety and health of individ-uals receiving health care under the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary and the quality of health care received by such individuals. 
SA 4468. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: DIVISION F—WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS 
SEC. 6001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2016’’. TITLE LXI—EMPLOYEES GENERALLY 
SEC. 6101. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the terms ‘‘agency’’ and ‘‘personnel ac-tion’’ have the meanings given such terms under section 2302 of title 5, United States Code; and (2) the term ‘‘employee’’ means an em-ployee (as defined in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code) of an agency. 
SEC. 6102. STAYS; PROBATIONARY EMPLOYEES. 
(a) R EQUEST BY SPECIAL COUNSEL .—Section 1214(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) If the Merit Systems Protections Board grants a stay under this subsection, the head of the agency employing the em-ployee shall give priority to a request for a transfer submitted by the employee.’’. (b) I
NDIVIDUAL RIGHT OF ACTION FOR PROBA -
TIONARY EMPLOYEES .—Section 1221 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) If the Merit Systems Protection Board grants a stay to an employee in probationary status under subsection (c), the head of the agency employing the employee shall give priority to a request for a transfer submitted by the employee.’’. (c) S
TUDY REGARDING RETALIATION AGAINST  P
ROBATIONARY EMPLOYEES .—The Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives a report discussing retaliation against employees in probationary status. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.031 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3555 June 7, 2016 
SEC. 6103. ADEQUATE ACCESS OF SPECIAL COUN-SEL TO INFORMATION. 
Section 1212(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) The Special Counsel, in carrying out this subchapter, is authorized to— ‘‘(A) have access to all records, reports, au-dits, reviews, documents, papers, rec-ommendations, or other material available to the applicable agency which relate to a matter within the jurisdiction or authority of the Special Counsel; and ‘‘(B) request from any agency such infor-mation or assistance as may be necessary for carrying out the duties and responsibilities of the Special Counsel under this sub-chapter.’’. 
SEC. 6104. PROHIBITED PERSONNEL PRACTICES. 
Section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (13), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (13) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(14) access the medical record of another employee for the purpose of retaliation for a disclosure or activity protected under para-graph (8) or (9).’’. 
SEC. 6105. DISCIPLINE OF SUPERVISORS BASED ON RETALIATION AGAINST WHISTLE-BLOWERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 7515. Discipline of supervisors based on re-taliation against whistleblowers ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’ means an entity that is an agency, as defined under section 2302, without regard to whether any other provision of this chapter is applicable to the entity; ‘‘(2) the term ‘prohibited personnel action’ means taking or failing to take an action in violation of paragraph (8), (9), or (14) of sec-tion 2302(b) against an employee of an agen-cy; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘supervisor’ means an em-ployee of an agency who would be a super-visor, as defined under section 7103(a), if this chapter applied to the agency employing the employee. ‘‘(b) P
ROPOSED ADVERSE ACTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with para-graph (2), the head of an agency shall pro-pose against a supervisor whom the head of that agency, an administrative law judge, the Merit Systems Protection Board, the Of-fice of Special Counsel, an adjudicating body provided under a union contract, a Federal judge, or the Inspector General of the agency determines committed a prohibited per-sonnel action the following adverse actions: ‘‘(A) With respect to the first prohibited personnel action, an adverse action that is not less than a 12-day suspension. ‘‘(B) With respect to the second prohibited personnel action, removal. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES .— ‘‘(A) N
OTICE .—A supervisor against whom an adverse action under paragraph (1) is pro-posed is entitled to written notice. ‘‘(B) A
NSWER AND EVIDENCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A supervisor who is noti-fied under subparagraph (A) that the super-visor is the subject of a proposed adverse ac-tion under paragraph (1) is entitled to 14 days following such notification to answer and furnish evidence in support of the an-swer. ‘‘(ii) N
O EVIDENCE .—After the end of the 14- day period described in clause (i), if a super-visor does not furnish evidence as described in clause (i) or if the head of the agency de-termines that such evidence is not sufficient to reverse the proposed adverse action, the head of the agency shall carry out the ad-verse action. ‘‘(C) SCOPE OF PROCEDURES .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) of section 7513, sub-section (c) of such section, paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) of section 7543, and subsection (c) of such section shall not apply with respect to an adverse action carried out under this subsection. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON OTHER ADVERSE AC-
TIONS .—With respect to a prohibited per-sonnel action, if the head of the agency car-ries out an adverse action against a super-visor under another provision of law, the head of the agency may carry out an addi-tional adverse action under this section based on the same prohibited personnel ac-tion.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘7515. Discipline of supervisors based on re-taliation against whistle-blowers.’’. 
SEC. 6106. SUICIDE BY EMPLOYEES. 
(a) R EFERRAL .—The head of an agency shall refer to the Office of Special Counsel, along with any information known to the agency regarding the circumstances de-scribed in paragraphs (2) and (3), any in-stance in which the head of the agency has information indicating— (1) an employee of the agency committed suicide; (2) prior to the death of the employee, the employee made any disclosure of informa-tion which reasonably evidences— (A) any violation of any law, rule, or regu-lation; or (B) gross mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safe-ty; and (3) after a disclosure described in para-graph (2), a personnel action was taken against the employee. (b) O
FFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL REVIEW .— For any referral to the Office of Special Counsel under subsection (a), the Office of Special Counsel shall— (1) examine whether any personnel action was taken because of any disclosure of infor-mation described in subsection (a)(2); and (2) take any action the Office of Special Counsel determines appropriate under sub-chapter II of chapter 12 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 6107. TRAINING FOR SUPERVISORS. 
In consultation with the Office of Special Counsel and the Inspector General of the agency (or senior ethics official of the agen-cy for an agency without an Inspector Gen-eral), the head of each agency shall provide training regarding how to respond to com-plaints alleging a violation of whistleblower protections (as defined in section 2307 of title 5, United States Code, as added by this title) available to employees of the agency— (1) to employees appointed to supervisory positions in the agency who have not pre-viously served as a supervisor; and (2) on an annual basis, to all employees of the agency serving in a supervisory position. 
SEC. 6108. INFORMATION ON WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS. 
(a) E XISTING PROVISION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2302 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking subsection (c); and (B) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (c), (d), and (e), respec-tively. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) Section 4505a(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2302(c)’’. (B) Section 5755(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2302(c)’’. (C) Section 110(b)(2) of the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2012 (5 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2303(f)(1) or (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2303(e)(1) or (2)’’. (D) Section 704 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 344) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2302(c)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘2307’’. (E) Section 1217(d)(3) of the Panama Canal Act of 1979 (22 U.S.C. 3657(d)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2302(c)’’. (F) Section 1233(b) of the Panama Canal Act of 1979 (22 U.S.C. 3673(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2302(c)’’. (b) PROVISION OF INFORMATION .—Chapter 23 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 2307. Information on whistleblower protec-tions ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’ has the meaning given that term in section 2302; ‘‘(2) the term ‘new employee’ means an in-dividual— ‘‘(A) appointed to a position as an em-ployee of an agency on or after the date of enactment of the Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2016; and ‘‘(B) who has not previously served as an employee; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘whistleblower protections’ means the protections against and remedies for a prohibited personnel practice described in paragraph (8), subparagraph (A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of paragraph (9), or paragraph (14) of section 2302(b). ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF HEAD OF AGEN-
CY.—The head of each agency shall be re-sponsible for the prevention of prohibited personnel practices, for the compliance with and enforcement of applicable civil service laws, rules, and regulations, and other as-pects of personnel management, and for en-suring (in consultation with the Special Counsel and the Inspector General of the agency) that employees of the agency are in-formed of the rights and remedies available to them under this chapter and chapter 12, including— ‘‘(1) information regarding whistleblower protections available to new employees dur-ing the probationary period; ‘‘(2) the role of the Office of Special Coun-sel and the Merit Systems Protection Board with regard to whistleblower protections; and ‘‘(3) how to make a lawful disclosure of in-formation that is specifically required by law or Executive order to be kept classified in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs to the Special Counsel, the Inspector General of an agency, Congress, or other agency employee des-ignated to receive such disclosures. ‘‘(c) T
IMING .—The head of each agency shall ensure that the information required to be provided under subsection (b) is provided to each new employee of the agency not later than 6 months after the date the new em-ployee is appointed. ‘‘(d) I
NFORMATION ONLINE .—The head of each agency shall make available informa-tion regarding whistleblower protections ap-plicable to employees of the agency on the public website of the agency, and on any on-line portal that is made available only to employees of the agency if one exists. ‘‘(e) D
ELEGEES .—Any employee to whom the head of an agency delegates authority 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.034 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3556 June 7, 2016 
for personnel management, or for any aspect thereof, shall, within the limits of the scope of the delegation, be responsible for the ac-tivities described in subsection (b).’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 23 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘2307. Information on whistleblower protec-tions.’’. TITLE LXII—DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS EMPLOYEES 
SEC. 6201. PREVENTION OF UNAUTHORIZED AC-CESS TO MEDICAL RECORDS OF EM-PLOYEES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT OF PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall— (A) develop a plan to prevent access to the medical records of employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs by employees of the Department who are not authorized to access such records; (B) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the plan developed under sub-paragraph (A); and (C) upon request, provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress with re-spect to the plan developed under subpara-graph (A). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A detailed assessment of strategic goals of the Department for the prevention of unauthorized access to the medical records of employees of the Department. (B) A list of circumstances in which an em-ployee of the Department who is not a health care provider or an assistant to a health care provider would be authorized to access the medical records of another employee of the Department. (C) Steps that the Secretary will take to acquire new or implement existing tech-nology to prevent an employee of the De-partment from accessing the medical records of another employee of the Department with-out a specific need to access such records. (D) Steps the Secretary will take, includ-ing plans to issue new regulations, as nec-essary, to ensure that an employee of the De-partment may not access the medical records of another employee of the Depart-ment for the purpose of retrieving demo-graphic information if that demographic in-formation is available to the employee in an-other location or through another format. (E) A proposed timetable for the imple-mentation of such plan. (F) An estimate of the costs associated with implementing such plan. (b) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform and the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. 6202. OUTREACH ON AVAILABILITY OF MEN-TAL HEALTH SERVICES AVAILABLE TO EMPLOYEES OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall conduct a program of outreach to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs to in-form those employees of any mental health services, including telemedicine options, that are available to them. 
SEC. 6203. PROTOCOLS TO ADDRESS THREATS AGAINST EMPLOYEES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall en-sure protocols are in effect to address threats from individuals receiving health care from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs directed towards employees of the De-partment who are providing such health care. SEC. 6204. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES STUDY ON AC-COUNTABILITY OF CHIEFS OF PO-LICE OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL CENTERS. 
The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to assess the re-porting, staffing, accountability, and chain of command structure of the Department of Veterans Affairs police officers at medical centers of the Department. 
SA 4469. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1236. SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE EUROPEAN UNION RENEWING ECONOMIC SANCTIONS ON RUSSIA AS A RESULT OF RUSSIA’S ANNEX-ATION OF CRIMEA AND ACTIONS DE-STABILIZING EASTERN UKRAINE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) In July 2014, the European Union im-posed economic sanctions against Russia for its annexation of Crimea and destabilizing machinations in the Donbass and Luhansk regions in eastern Ukraine. (2) In September 2014, the European Union renewed its sanctions against Russia. (3) In March 2015, the European Council linked the continuation of economic restric-tions against Russia to the complete imple-mentation of the Minsk agreements. (4) The Minsk-2 agreement signed in Feb-ruary 2015 by Russia, Ukraine, France, and Germany has not been implemented. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—The Senate calls upon the European Union to renew sanctions imposed on Russia as a result of its destabilizing actions in Ukraine if Russia has still not abided by its commitments under the Minsk-2 agreement by the time the European Union conducts its review of its economic sanctions on Russia. 
SA 4470. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1227. AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE AND TRAINING TO INCREASE MARI-TIME SECURITY AND DOMAIN AWARENESS OF FOREIGN COUN-TRIES BORDERING THE PERSIAN GULF, ARABIAN SEA, OR MEDI-TERRANEAN SEA. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to authorize assistance and training to in-crease maritime security and domain aware-ness of foreign countries bordering the Per-sian Gulf, the Arabian Sea, or the Mediterra-nean Sea in order to deter and counter illicit smuggling and related maritime activity by Iran, including illicit Iranian weapons ship-ments. (b) AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To carry out the purpose of this section as described in subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of State, is author-ized— (A) to provide training to the national military or other security forces of Israel, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Oman, Kuwait, and Qatar that have among their functional responsibilities maritime security missions; and (B) to provide training to ministry, agen-cy, and headquarters level organizations for such forces. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The provision of assist-ance and training under this section may be referred to as the ‘‘Counter Iran Maritime Initiative’’. (c) T
YPES OF TRAINING .— (1) A
UTHORIZED ELEMENTS OF TRAINING .— Training provided under subsection (b)(1)(A) may include the provision of de minimis equipment, supplies, and small-scale mili-tary construction. (2) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS OF TRAINING .— Training provided under subsection (b) shall include elements that promote the following: (A) Observance of and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms. (B) Respect for legitimate civilian author-ity within the country to which the assist-ance is provided. (d) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 by section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide activities as specified in the funding table in section 4301, $50,000,000 shall be available only for the provision of assistance and training under subsection (b). (e) C
OSTSHARING .— (1) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, given income parity among recipient countries, the Secretary of De-fense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, should seek, through appropriate bilateral and multilateral arrangements, payments sufficient in amount to offset any training costs associated with implementa-tion of subsection (b). (2) C
OST-SHARING AGREEMENT .—The Sec-retary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall negotiate a cost-sharing agreement with a recipient country regarding the cost of any training provided pursuant to section (b). The agree-ment shall set forth the terms of cost shar-ing that the Secretary of Defense determines are necessary and appropriate, but such terms shall not be less than 50 percent of the overall cost of the training. (3) C
REDIT TO APPROPRIATIONS .—The por- tion of such cost-sharing received by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to this sub-section may be credited towards appropria-tions available for operation and mainte-nance for Defense-wide activities as specified in the funding table in section 4301. (f) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS ON TRAINING .—Not later than 15 days before exercising the au-thority under subsection (b) with respect to a recipient country, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a notification containing the following: (1) An identification of the recipient coun-try. (2) A detailed justification of the program for the provision of the training concerned, and its relationship to United States secu-rity interests. (3) The budget for the program, including a timetable of planned expenditures of funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.034 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3557 June 7, 2016 
to implement the program, an implementa-tion time-line for the program with mile-stones (including anticipated delivery sched-ules for any assistance and training under the program), the military department or component responsible for management of the program, and the anticipated completion date for the program. (4) A description of the arrangements, if any, to support recipient country sustainment of any capability developed pur-suant to the program, and the source of funds to support sustainment efforts and per-formance outcomes to be achieved under the program beyond its completion date, if appli-cable. (5) A description of the program objectives and an assessment framework to be used to develop capability and performance metrics associated with operational outcomes for the recipient force. (6) Such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. (g) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (h) T
ERMINATION .—Assistance and training may not be provided under this section after September 30, 2020. 
SA 4471. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. REPORT ON MILITARY TRAINING FOR OPERATIONS IN DENSELY POPU-LATED URBAN TERRAIN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 31, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on plans and initiatives to enhance existing urban training concepts, capabili-ties, and facilities that could provide for new training opportunities that would more closely resemble large, dense, heavily popu-lated urban environments. The report shall include specific plans and efforts to provide for a realistic environment for the training of large units with joint assets and recently fielded technologies to exercise new tactics, techniques, and procedures, including con-sideration of anticipated urban military op-erations in or near the littoral environment and maritime domain as well as the cyber domain. (b) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) may be submitted in classified or unclassified form. 
SA 4472. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING RE-IMBURSEMENT OF LOCAL LAW EN-FORCEMENT AGENCIES. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Federal Government often requests emergency assistance from law enforcement agencies of local governments; (2) in responding to a request for emer-gency assistance from the Federal Govern-ment, law enforcement agencies of local gov-ernments often expend considerable re-sources; (3) when the Federal Government requests emergency assistance from law enforcement agencies of local governments, the local gov-ernments should be reimbursed for the costs incurred in a timely manner; (4) the intent of Congress in establishing the Emergency Federal Law Enforcement Assistance Program under subtitle B of the Justice Assistance Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10501 et seq.) was to address law enforcement emergencies that require joint action by Federal and local law enforcement agencies; (5) this intent is demonstrated by the fact that, under the Emergency Federal Law En-forcement Assistance Program in fiscal year 2013, the Federal Government provided— (A) $1,918,864 to the State of Massachusetts to assist with law enforcement costs related to the Boston Marathon bombing, which was used to pay overtime costs for law enforce-ment agencies in the State of Massachusetts that responded to the event; and (B) $1,011,443 to the State of Missouri to as-sist with law enforcement costs related to the civil unrest surrounding the death of Mi-chael Brown, which was used to pay over-time costs for law enforcement agencies in the State of Missouri that responded to those events; and (6) amounts should continue to be made available to fund the Emergency Federal Law Enforcement Assistance Program in order to reimburse local governments and encourage cooperation with the Federal Gov-ernment. 
SA 4473. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. S
ANDERS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1004. IMPROVEMENT OF ABILITY OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE TO OBTAIN AND MAINTAIN CLEAN AUDIT OPIN-IONS. 
(a) F INANCIAL AUDIT FUND.—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a fund to be known as the ‘‘Financial Audit Fund’’ (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘‘Fund’’) for the pur-pose of developing systems, processes, and a well-qualified workforce that will assist the organizations, components, and elements of the Department of Defense in maintaining unmodified audit opinions. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Amounts in the Fund shall include the following: (1) Amounts appropriated to the Fund. (2) Amounts transferred to the Fund under subsection (d). (3) Any other amounts authorized for transfer or deposit into the Fund by law. (c) AVAILABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts in the Fund shall be available for the following: (A) Program and activities for the develop-ment of systems, processes, and a workforce described in subsection (a) as approved by the Secretary. (B) Other missions and activities of the De-partment, as identified by the Secretary, if the Secretary determines that the use of amounts in the Fund for the programs and activities described in subparagraph (A) will not improve efforts to maintain unmodified audit options for organizations, components, and elements of the Department (2) T
RANSFERS FROM FUND .—Amounts in the Fund may be transferred to any other ac-count of the Department in order to fund programs, activities, and missions described in paragraph (1). Any amounts transferred from the Fund to an account shall be merged with amounts in the account to which trans-ferred and shall be available subject to the same terms and conditions as amounts in such account, except that amounts so trans-ferred shall remain available until expended. The authority to transfer amounts under this paragraph is in addition to any other authority of the Secretary to transfer amounts by law. (3) L
IMITATION .—Amounts in the Fund may be transferred under this subsection only to organizations components, and elements of the Department that have previously ob-tained unmodified audit opinions for use by such organizations components, and ele-ments for purposes specified in paragraph (1). (d) T
RANSFERS TO FUND IN CONNECTION  W
ITHORGANIZATIONS NOTHAVING ACHIEVED  Q
UALIFIED AUDIT OPINIONS .— (1) R
EDUCTION IN AMOUNT AVAILABLE .—Sub- ject to paragraph (2), if during any fiscal year after fiscal year 2019 the Secretary de-termines that an organization, component, or element of the Department has not achieved a qualified opinion of its statement of budgetary resources for the calender year ending during such fiscal year— (A) the amount available to such organiza-tion, component, or element for the fiscal year in which such determination is made shall be equal to— (i) the amount otherwise authorized to be appropriated for such organization, compo-nent, or element for the fiscal year; minus (ii) the lesser of— (I) an amount equal to 0.5 percent of the amount described in clause (i); or (II) $100,000,000; and (B) the Secretary shall deposit in the Fund pursuant to subsection (b)(2) all amounts un-available to organizations, components, and elements of the Department in the fiscal year pursuant to determinations made under subparagraph (A). (2) I
NAPPLICABILITY TO AMOUNTS FOR MILI -
TARY PERSONNEL .—Any reduction applicable to an organization, component, or element of the Department under paragraph (1) for a fis-cal year shall not apply to amounts, if any, available to such organization, component, or element for the fiscal year for military personnel. 
SA 4474. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. B EN-
NET) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.034 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3558 June 7, 2016 
other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1180, strike lines 1 through 5 and insert the following: (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the Government of Paki-stan’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘any country that the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, has identified as critical for countering the movement of precursor materials for impro-vised explosive devices into Syria, Iraq, or Afghanistan.’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Gov-ernment of Pakistan’’ and inserting ‘‘a coun-try’’; (3) in paragraph (3), striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(A) listing each country identified pursu-ant to paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) specifying any funds transferred to another department or agency of the United States Government pursuant to paragraph (2); ‘‘(C) detailing the amount of funds to be used with respect to each country identified pursuant to paragraph (1) and the training, equipment, supplies, and services to be pro-vided to such country using funds specified pursuant to subparagraph (B); ‘‘(D) evaluating the effectiveness of efforts by each country identified pursuant to para-graph (1) to counter the movement of pre-cursor materials for improvised explosive de-vices; and ‘‘(E) setting forth the overall plan to in-crease the counter-improvised explosive de-vice capability of each country identified pursuant to paragraph (1).’’; and (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (c) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the United States Government should continue and should increase interagency ef-forts to disrupt the flow of improvised explo-sive devices (IED), precursor chemicals, and components into conflict areas such as Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan; (2) the Department of Defense has made sizeable investments to attack the network, defeat the device, and facilitate protection of United States forces for many years and throughout the relevant theaters of oper-ation; and (3) it is essential that the continuing ef-forts of the United States to counter impro-vised explosive devices leverage all instru-ments of national power, including engage-ment and investment from diplomatic, eco-nomic, and law enforcement departments and agencies. 
SA 4475. Mr. COTTON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1277. COMPLIANCE ENFORCEMENT REGARD-ING RUSSIAN VIOLATIONS OF THE OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) According to the President’s letter of submittal for the Open Skies Treaty pro-vided to Congress by the Secretary of State on August 12, 1992, it is the purpose of the Open Skies Treaty to promote openness and transparency of military forces and activi-ties and to enhance mutual understanding and confidence by giving States Party a di-rect role in gathering information about military forces and activities of concern to them. (2) According to the Department of State’s 2016 Compliance Report, the Russian Federa-tion ‘‘continues not to meet its obligations [under the Open Skies Treaty] to allow effec-tive observation of its entire territory, rais-ing serious compliance concerns’’. (3) According to the 2016 Compliance Re-port, Russian conduct giving rise to compli-ance concerns has continued since the Open Skies Treaty entered into force in 2002 and worsened in 2010, 2014, and 2015. (4) According to the 2016 Compliance Re-port, ongoing efforts by the United States and other States Party to the Open Skies Treaty to address these concerns through dialogue with the Russian Federation ‘‘have not resolved any of the compliance con-cerns’’. (5) The Russian Federation has engaged in other activities in coordination with, but outside the scope of, the Open Skies Treaty overflights, which are a cause of concern and should be addressed. (6) It is a generally accepted principle of customary international law that in the event of a material breach of a multilateral treaty by one of its parties, a party specially affected by that breach may invoke it as a ground for suspending the operation of the treaty in whole or in part in the relations be-tween itself and the defaulting state. (b) STATEMENT OF UNITED STATES POLICY .— It is the policy of the United States that— (1) restrictions upon the ability of Open Skies Treaty aircraft to overfly all portions of the territory of a State Party impede openness and transparency of military forces and activities and undermine mutual under-standing and confidence, especially when coupled with an ongoing refusal to address compliance concerns raised by other States Party subject to such restrictions; (2) it is essential to the accomplishment of the object and purpose of the Open Skies Treaty that Open Skies Treaty aircraft be able to overfly all portions of the territory of a State Party in a timely and reciprocal manner; (3) restrictions upon the ability of Open Skies Treaty aircraft to overfly all portions of the territory of the Russian Federation constitute a material breach of the Open Skies Treaty; (4) in light of the Russian Federation’s ma-terial breach of the Open Skies Treaty, the United States is legally entitled to suspend the operation of the Open Skies Treaty in whole or in part for so long as the Russian Federation continues to be in material breach of the Open Skies Treaty; (5) for so long as the Russian Federation remains in noncompliance with the Open Skies Treaty, the United States should— (A) suspend certification or operation of new sensors for Russian overflights of the United States pursuant to the Open Skies Treaty; (B) place restrictions upon Russian over-flights of the United States in response to Russian restrictions placed upon United States overflights of the Russian Federation; and (C) use appropriate additional measures to encourage the Russian Federation’s return to compliance with the Open Skies Treaty; and (6) during a period of Open Skies Treaty suspension or curtailment, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense, shall coordinate with parties to Open Skies Treaty that are not the Russian Federation and Belarus, and fulfill imagery requirements of those parties in a manner relative to that provided by Open Skies Treaty collection. (c) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter together with the Annual Arms Control and Verification Compliance Report defined in subsection (e), the Secretary of State, with the concurrence of the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port that contains the following elements: (1) A description of all outstanding con-cerns regarding compliance by the Russian Federation with its obligations under the Open Skies Treaty. (2) A description of all consistency, coun-terintelligence, and other intelligence re-lated issues that have arisen over the pre-vious year, including Russian Federation sensor or equipment anomalies, intelligence actives carried out in coordination with Open Skies Treaty overflights, and other in-telligence concerns as determined by the Di-rector of National Intelligence. (3) A description of all compliance dia-logue, diplomatic engagement, or other interactions between the United States and the Russian Federation with regard to con-cerns about actual or potential Russian non-compliance with the Open Skies Treaty, as well as any such dialogue, engagement, or interactions between other Open Skies Trea-ty parties and the Russian Federation with regard to concerns about Russian actual or potential Russian noncompliance. (4) A United States strategy for bringing the Russian Federation into full compliance with its obligations under the Open Skies Treaty, including— (A) an assessment of the tools available to the United States for purposes of enforcing compliance with the Open Skies Treaty, in-cluding— (i) bilateral or multilateral compliance dialogue; (ii) the imposition of restrictions upon Russian overflights pursuant to the Open Skies Treaty, either by the United States or other States Party; and (iii) the use of pressures or points of polit-ical, economic, or military leverage separate from the Open Skies Treaty. (B) a description of how United States compliance dialogue with the Russian Fed-eration about the Open Skies Treaty incor-porates and integrates the tools described in subparagraph (A); and (C) an assessment of whether the Russian Federation is expected to return to full com-pliance with the Open Skies Treaty, and if so, when and under what conditions this is most likely to occur. (5) An assessment of the benefits the Rus-sian Federation receives from the conduct of Open Skies Treaty overflights over European countries and the United States, including— (A) The value of such information collec-tion relative to other sources of information available to the Russian Federation; and (B) A description of the types of United States and European targets over which Rus-sian overflights pursuant to the Open Skies Treaty have flown, how this target set has evolved over the course of the Russian Fed-eration’s Open Skies overflights, and how this target set relates to current Russian military doctrine and planning. (6) An assessment of the intelligence value of Open Skies information to States Party to the Open Skies Treaty, other than the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.035 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3559 June 7, 2016 
United States or the Russian Federation, rel-ative to other sources of information avail-able to such States Party, including com-mercially-available satellite imagery. (7) The impact of Russian noncompliance with the Open Skies Treaty and other inter-national agreements or commitments relat-ing to arms control, international security, or crisis prevention or stability, including the INF Treaty, the Incidents at Sea Agree-ment, and the Budapest Memorandum, the Biological Weapons Convention, and the CFE Treaty, upon defense and security planning in and among States Party to the Open Skies Treaty, including members of the North At-lantic Treaty Organization. (d) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (c) shall be submitted in an unclassified form, but may include a classi-fied annex. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
NNUAL ARMS CONTROL AND  
VERIFICATION COMPLIANCE REPORT .—The term ‘‘Annual Arms Control and Verification Compliance Report’’ means the annual Ad-herence to and Compliance with Arms Con-trol, Nonproliferation, and Disarmament Agreements and Commitments report re-quired under section 403 of the Arms Control and Disarmament Act (22 U.S.C. 2593a). (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—The term ‘‘appropriate con-gressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (3) B
IOLOGICAL WEAPONS CONVENTION .—The term ‘‘Biological Weapons Convention’’ means the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stock-piling of Bacteriological and Toxin Weapons and on Their Destruction, done at London, Moscow, and Washington April 10, 1972, and entered into force March 26, 1975. (4) B
UDAPEST MEMORANDUM .—The term ‘‘Budapest Memorandum’’ means the Memo-randum on Security Assurances in Connec-tion with Ukraine’s Accession to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weap-ons, done at Budapest December 5, 1994. (5) CFE 
TREATY .—The term ‘‘CFE Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe done at Vienna November 19, 1990, and entered into force November 9, 1992. (6) 2016 
COMPLIANCE REPORT .—The term ‘‘2016 Compliance Report’’ means the Report on Adherence to and Compliance With Arms Control, Nonproliferation, and Disarmament Agreements and Commitments published by the United States Department of State on April 11, 2016. (7) I
NCIDENTS AT SEA AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Incidents at Sea Agreement’’ means the Agreement Between the Government of The United States and the Government of The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Prevention of Incidents On and Over the High Seas, done at Moscow on May 25, 1972, and entered into force on May 25, 1972. (8) INF 
TREATY .—The term ‘‘INF Treaty’’ means the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, done at Washington Decem-ber 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. (9) O
PEN SKIES TREATY .—The term ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. SA 4476. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1085. REPORT ON LACK OF PROCESS BY WHICH MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES MAY CARRY APPROPRIATE FIREARMS ON MILITARY INSTALLA-TIONS. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to Congress a report that— (1) describes in detail why the Department of Defense did not meet the December 31, 2015, deadline specified in section 526 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 813; 10 U.S.C. 2672 note) for establishing and implementing a process by which members of the Armed Forces may carry appropriate firearms on military installations; and (2) sets forth the anticipated date for im-plementation of that process. 
SA 4477. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 40, strike line 15 and all that follows through ‘‘(d)’’ on page 42, line 3, and insert ‘‘(c)’’. 
SA 4478. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 815, between lines 3 and 4, insert the following: (3) The use of contract services, if nec-essary, to ensure that enlisted personnel of the Air National Guard and the Air Force Reserve are trained at a rate commensurate with regular enlisted personnel of the Air Force in achieving the transition required by subsection (a) by the date specified in that subsection. 
SA 4479. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF POST-9/ 11 EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE TO PURSUE INDEPENDENT STUDY PRO-GRAMS AT CERTAIN EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS THAT ARE NOT INSTI-TUTIONS OF HIGHER LEARNING. 
Paragraph (4) of section 3680A(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(4) any independent study program except an accredited independent study program (including open circuit television) leading— ‘‘(A) to a standard college degree; ‘‘(B) to a certificate that reflects edu-cational attainment offered by an institu-tion of higher learning; or ‘‘(C) to a certificate that reflects comple-tion of a course of study offered by an edu-cational institution that is not an institu-tion of higher learning, such as an area ca-reer and technical education school pro-viding education at the postsecondary level.’’. 
SA 4480. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. MODIFICATION OF EXCEPTION TO PROHIBITION ON FINANCING OF SALES OF DEFENSE ARTICLES AND DEFENSE SERVICES BY EXPORT-IM-PORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 2(b)(6)(I)(i)(I) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(6)(I)(i)(I)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(I)(aa) the Bank determines that— ‘‘(AA) the defense articles or services are nonlethal; and ‘‘(BB) the end use of the defense articles or services includes civilian purposes; or ‘‘(bb) the President determines that the transaction is in the national security inter-est of the United States; and’’. 
SA 4481. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. MODIFICATION OF EXCEPTION TO PROHIBITION ON FINANCING OF SALES OF DEFENSE ARTICLES AND DEFENSE SERVICES BY EXPORT-IM-PORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 2(b)(6)(I)(i)(I) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(6)(I)(i)(I)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(I)(aa) the Bank determines that the end use of the defense articles or services in-cludes civilian purposes; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.035 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3560 June 7, 2016 
‘‘(bb) the President determines that the transaction is in the national security inter-est of the United States; and’’. 
SA 4482. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XXXV add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. APPLICATION OF LAW. 
Section 4301 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) For purposes of any Federal law, ex-cept the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), any vessel, in-cluding a foreign vessel, being repaired or dismantled is deemed to be a recreational vessel, as defined under section 2101(25) of this title, during such repair or dismantling, if that vessel— ‘‘(1) shares elements of design and con-struction of traditional recreational vessels; and ‘‘(2) when operating is not normally en-gaged in a military, commercial, or tradi-tionally commercial undertaking.’’. 
SA 4483. Mr. COTTON (for himself, Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. B
URR, Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. C ORNYN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1236. LIMITATION ON CERTIFICATION OR APPROVAL OF NEW SENSORS FOR USE BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION ON OBSERVATION FLIGHTS UNDER THE OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) C
OVERED STATE PARTY .—The term ‘‘cov-ered state party’’ means a foreign country that— (A) is a state party to the Open Skies Trea-ty; and (B) is a United States ally. (3) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘‘intelligence community’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). (4) O
BSERVATION AIRCRAFT , OBSERVATION  
FLIGHT , AND SENSOR .—The terms ‘‘observa-tion aircraft’’, ‘‘observation flight’’, and ‘‘sensor’’ have the meanings given such terms in Article II of the Open Skies Treaty. (5) OPEN SKIES TREATY .—The term ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. (b) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act may be obligated or expended to aid, support, per-mit, or facilitate the certification or ap-proval of any new sensor, including to carry out an initial or exhibition observation flight of an observation aircraft, for use by the Russian Federation on observation flights under the Open Skies Treaty unless the President, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, the Secretary of Defense, Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Di-rector of National Intelligence, submits to the appropriate committees of Congress the certification described in subsection (c)(1). (c) C
ERTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The certification de-scribed in this subsection is a certification for a new sensor referred to in subsection (b) that— (A) the capabilities of the new sensor do not exceed the capabilities imposed by the Open Skies Treaty, and safeguards are in place to prevent the new sensor, or any in-formation obtained therefrom, from being used in any way not permitted by the Open Skies Treaty; (B) the Secretary of Defense, the com-manders of relevant combatant commands, the directors of relevant elements of the in-telligence community, and the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation have in place mitiga-tion measures with respect to collection against high-value United States assets and critical infrastructure by the new sensor; (C) each covered state party has been noti-fied and briefed on concerns of the intel-ligence community regarding upgraded sen-sors used under the Open Skies Treaty, Rus-sian Federation warfighting doctrine, and in-telligence collection in support thereof; and (D) the Russian Federation is in compli-ance with all of its obligations under the Open Skies treaty, including the obligation to permit properly-notified covered state party observation flights over all of Moscow, Chechnya, Abkhazia, South Ossetia, and Kaliningrad. (2) S
PECIFIC SENSOR APPROVAL .—The cer- tification described in paragraph (1) shall be required for each sensor and platform for which the Russian Federation has requested approval under to the Open Skies Treaty. (d) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may waive the requirements of subparagraph (D) of sub-section (c)(1) if, not later than 30 days prior to certifying or approving a new sensor for use by the Russian Federation on observa-tion flights under the Open Skies Treaty, the President submits a certification to the ap-propriate committees of Congress that the certification or approval of the new sensor is in the national security interest of the United States that includes the following: (A) A written explanation of the reasons it is in the national security interest of the United States to certify or approve the sen-sor. (B) The date that the President expects the Russian Federation to come into full compli-ance with all of its Open Skies Treaty obli-gations, including the overflight obligations described in subparagraph (D) of subsection (c)(1). (C) A detailed description of efforts made by the United States Government to bring the Russian Federation into full compliance with the Open Skies Treaty. (2) F
ORM.—Each certification submitted under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. SA 4484. Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mr. J
OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. BIODEFENSE STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 527. NATIONAL BIODEFENSE STRATEGY. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘biodefense’ means any in-volvement in mitigating the risks of major biological incidents and public health emer-gencies to the United States, including with respect to— ‘‘(A) threat awareness; ‘‘(B) prevention and protection; ‘‘(C) surveillance and detection; ‘‘(D) response and recovery; and ‘‘(E) attribution of an intentional biologi-cal incident; ‘‘(2) the term ‘Council’ means the Bio-defense Coordination Council established under subsection (b); ‘‘(3) the term ‘Federal biodefense enter-prise’ means the programs, projects, activi-ties, and resources across the Federal Gov-ernment that are involved in biodefense; and ‘‘(4) the term ‘Strategy’ means the Na-tional Biodefense Strategy required to be es-tablished under subsection (b)(5). ‘‘(b) B
IODEFENSE COORDINATION COUNCIL .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The President shall establish a Biodefense Coordination Council, which shall be comprised of, at a minimum— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of Health and Human Services; ‘‘(B) the Secretary of Agriculture; ‘‘(C) the Secretary of Defense; ‘‘(D) the Secretary; ‘‘(E) the Secretary of State; ‘‘(F) the Director of National Intelligence; and ‘‘(G) the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency. ‘‘(2) D
UTIES .—The Council shall— ‘‘(A) provide the expertise necessary to de-velop the Strategy; and ‘‘(B) in coordination with the Office of Management and Budget, review, prioritize, and align necessary biodefense activities and spending across the Federal Government, in a manner consistent with the Strategy. ‘‘(3) R
OTATING CHAIR .—During the 4-year period beginning on the date on which the Council is established, and each 4-year period thereafter, each of the 4 Secretaries de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of paragraph (1) shall serve as the chairperson for the Council for 1 year. The first chair-person of the Council shall be the Secretary of Health and Human Services. ‘‘(4) P
RESIDENT ’S ANNUAL BUDGET .—The rec- ommendations of the Council shall inform the budget submitted by the President under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, with respect to biodefense activities. ‘‘(5) S
TRATEGY .—The President shall de-velop a National Biodefense Strategy to di-rect and align the inter-governmental and multi-disciplinary efforts of the Federal Government towards an effective and con-tinuously improving biodefense enterprise, including threat awareness, prevention and protection, surveillance and detection, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.036 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3561 June 7, 2016 
response and recovery to major biological in-cidents. ‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION .— ‘‘(1) C
OUNCIL .—In developing the Strategy, the President shall utilize the Council. ‘‘(2) O
THER AGENCIES .—In developing the Strategy, the President may utilize— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of Commerce; ‘‘(B) the Attorney General; and ‘‘(C) any other Federal department, agen-cy, or interagency body the President deter-mines appropriate, including the Public Health Emergency Medical Countermeasures Enterprise. ‘‘(3) O
THER ENTITIES .—The President may receive input on elements of the Strategy from private sector biodefense entities and State, local, tribal, and territorial govern-ments. ‘‘(4) A
CADEMIC INSTITUTIONS .—The Presi-dent may receive input on elements of the Strategy from academic institutions. ‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION WITHEXISTING STRATE -
GIES.—The Strategy shall serve as a com-prehensive guide for United States bio-defense that directs and harmonizes all other strategies or plans established or maintained by a Federal department or agency with re-spect to biodefense. ‘‘(e) C
ONTENTS .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Strategy shall include, at a minimum— ‘‘(A) a comprehensive description of the en-tities and positions of leadership with re-sponsibility, authority, and accountability for implementing, overseeing, and coordi-nating Federal biodefense activities de-scribed in subsection (b)(5), including a de-scription of how such entities coordinate on each aspect of biodefense; ‘‘(B) 5-year goals, priorities, and metrics to improve and strengthen the ability of the Federal Government to prevent, detect, re-spond to, and recover from a major biologi-cal incident; ‘‘(C) short- and long-term research and de-velopment projects or initiatives planned to improve biodefense capability; and ‘‘(D) recommendations for legislative ac-tion needed to expedite progression toward the goals identified in the Strategy. ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the Strategy, the President may consider— ‘‘(A) the trade-offs made between differing goals and requirements, due to constraints in expected assets and resources over the time period of such goals and requirements; and ‘‘(B) any other analysis the President de-termines appropriate. ‘‘(3) A
NALYSIS .—The Strategy shall include an appendix, which shall contain— ‘‘(A) a review of current and previous col-laborative efforts between the Armed Forces and the civilian sector of the Federal Gov-ernment on biodefense activities and coordi-nation; ‘‘(B) a detailed analysis of the— ‘‘(i) relevant recommendations issued by external biodefense review panels or commis-sions, and the extent to which the rec-ommendations have been considered and im-plemented by Federal departments and agen-cies; ‘‘(ii) lessons learned from the response of the Federal Government to public health emergencies occurring within the 5 years preceding the submission of the strategy; ‘‘(iii) risks associated with major biologi-cal incidents; ‘‘(iv) resources and capabilities needed to address identified risks; and ‘‘(v) resource and capability gaps in the Federal biodefense enterprise, including gaps in— ‘‘(I) each category of biodefense activity described in subsection (a)(1); ‘‘(II) identification and research of emerg-ing biological threats; ‘‘(III) programs, projects, and activities in effect before the date of enactment of this section; ‘‘(IV) strategies and implementation plans related to biodefense activities in effect be-fore the date of enactment of this section; ‘‘(V) the ability to reallocate Federal re-sources to address risks posed by emerging biological threats; and ‘‘(VI) meeting the needs of vulnerable pop-ulations during the response to and recovery from a public health emergency; and ‘‘(C) prioritization and allocation of invest-ment across the Federal biodefense enter-prise. ‘‘(f) DEADLINE .—Not later than 24 months after the date of enactment of this section and in accordance with subsection (k), the President shall submit the Strategy to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(g) S
TATUS UPDATES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, and every 180 days thereafter until the date on which the Strategy is submitted to the congressional committees described in subsection (f), the President shall submit to such congressional committees an update on the status of the Strategy. ‘‘(h) R
EQUIREMENT .—In accordance with subsection (k), the Strategy shall be made available on a public Internet website. ‘‘(i) F
IVE-YEARUPDATE .—Beginning 5 years after the date on which the Strategy is sub-mitted to the congressional committees de-scribed in subsection (f), and not less fre-quently than every 5 years thereafter, the President shall update the Strategy. ‘‘(j) A
NNUAL BIODEFENSE EXPENDITURES RE-
PORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the President sub-mits a budget to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the President shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report detailing the total amount of expenditures on biodefense activities by all Federal departments and agencies and how the expenditures relate to the goals and priorities required under sub-section (e)(1)(B). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—The first report sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall provide his-torical context by detailing the total amount of expenditures on biodefense for the 3 preceding fiscal years, in addition to the fiscal year requirements for the fiscal year covered by the report. ‘‘(k) C
LASSIFIED ANNEX .—To the fullest ex-tent possible, any reports required to be made publicly available under this section shall be unclassified, but may include classi-fied annexes that shall be submitted concur-rently to the congressional homeland secu-rity committees.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 note) is amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 526 the following: ‘‘Sec. 527. National Biodefense Strategy.’’. 
SA 4485. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. MEAT OPTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that, on a daily basis, members of the Armed Forces at Department of De-fense dining facilities are provided with meat options that meet or exceed the nutri-tional standards established in the most re-cent Dietary Guidelines for Americans pub-lished under section 301 of the National Nu-trition Monitoring and Related Research Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5341). (b) P
ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act may be obligated or expended to establish or enforce ‘‘Meatless Monday’’ or any other program explicitly designed to reduce the amount of animal protein that members of the Armed Forces voluntarily consume. 
SA 4486. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. L
EE, and Mr. L ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. IANA FUNCTIONS CONTRACT; UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN DOMAINS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The Department of Commerce and the National Telecommunications and Informa-tion Administration (in this section referred to as the ‘‘NTIA’’) should be responsible for maintaining the continuity and stability of services related to certain interdependent Internet technical management functions, known collectively as the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (in this section referred to as the ‘‘IANA’’), which includes— (A) the coordination of the assignment of technical Internet protocol parameters; (B) the administration of certain respon-sibilities associated with the Internet do-main name system root zone management; (C) the allocation of Internet numbering resources; and (D) other services related to the manage-ment of the Advanced Research Project Agency and INT top-level domains. (2) The interdependent technical functions described in paragraph (1) were performed on behalf of the Federal Government under a contract between the Defense Advanced Re-search Projects Agency and the University of Southern California as part of a research project known as the Tera-node Network Technology project. As the Tera-node Net-work Technology project neared completion and the contract neared expiration in 1999, the Federal Government recognized the need for the continued performance of the IANA functions as vital to the stability and cor-rect functioning of the Internet. (3) The NTIA may use its contract author-ity to maintain the continuity and stability of services related to the IANA functions. (4) If the NTIA uses its contract authority, the contractor, in the performance of its du-ties, must have or develop a close construc-tive working relationship with all interested and affected parties to ensure quality and satisfactory performance of the IANA func-tions. The interested and affected parties in-clude— (A) the multi-stakeholder, private sector led, bottom-up policy development model for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.038 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3562 June 7, 2016 
the domain name system that the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Num-bers represents; (B) the Internet Engineering Task Force and the Internet Architecture Board; (C) Regional Internet Registries; (D) top-level domain operators and man-agers, such as country codes and generic; (E) governments; and (F) the Internet user community. (5) The IANA functions contract of the De-partment of Commerce explicitly declares that ‘‘[a]ll deliverables provided under this contract become the property of the U.S. Government.’’. One of the deliverables is the automated root zone. (6) Former President Bill Clinton’s Inter-net czar Ira Magaziner stated that ‘‘[t]he United States paid for the Internet, the Net was created under its auspices, and most im-portantly everything [researchers] did was pursuant to government contracts.’’ (7) Under section 3 of article IV of the Con-stitution of the United States, Congress has the exclusive power to ‘‘dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States’’. (8) The .gov and .mil top-level domains are the property of the United States Govern-ment, and as property, the United States Government should have the exclusive con-trol and use of those domains in perpetuity. (b) M
AINTAINING THE IANA F UNCTIONS CON-
TRACT .—The Assistant Secretary of Com-merce for Communications and Information may not allow the responsibility of the Na-tional Telecommunications and Information Administration with respect to the Internet domain name system functions, including re-sponsibility with respect to the authori-tative root zone file and the performance of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority functions, to terminate, lapse, expire, be cancelled, or otherwise cease to be in effect unless a Federal statute enacted after the date of enactment of this Act expressly grants the Assistant Secretary such author-ity. (c) E
XCLUSIVE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT  O
WNERSHIP AND CONTROL OF .GOV AND .MIL D
OMAINS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information shall provide to Congress a written certification that the United States Government has— (1) secured sole ownership of the .gov and .mil top-level domains; and (2) entered into a contract with the Inter-net Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers that provides that the United States Government has exclusive control and use of those domains in perpetuity. 
SA 4487. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. LOW-INCOME SEWER AND WATER AS-SISTANCE PILOT PROGRAM. 
Title I of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 123. LOW-INCOME SEWER AND WATER AS-SISTANCE PILOT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means a municipality or a public en-tity that owns or operates a public water system that is affected by a consent decree relating to compliance with this Act. ‘‘(2) H
OUSEHOLD .—The term ‘household’ means any individual or group of individuals who are living together as 1 economic unit. ‘‘(3) L
OW-INCOME HOUSEHOLD .—The term ‘low-income household’ means a household— ‘‘(A) in which 1 or more individuals are re-ceiving— ‘‘(i) assistance under a State program fund-ed under part A of title IV of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.); ‘‘(ii) supplemental security income pay-ments under title XVI of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.); ‘‘(iii) supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits under the Food and Nutri-tion Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.); or ‘‘(iv) payments under— ‘‘(I) section 1315, 1521, 1541, or 1542 of title 38, United States Code; or ‘‘(II) section 306 of the Veterans’ and Sur-vivors’ Pension Improvement Act of 1978 (38 U.S.C. 1521 note; Public Law 95–588); or ‘‘(B) that has an income determined by the State in which the eligible entity is located to not exceed the greater of— ‘‘(i) an amount equal to 150 percent of the poverty level for that State; or ‘‘(ii) an amount equal to 60 percent of the median income for that State. ‘‘(4) P
UBLIC WATER SYSTEM .—The term ‘public water system’ has the meaning given the term in section 1401 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f). ‘‘(5) S
ANITATION SERVICES .—The term ‘sani-tation services’ has the meaning given the term in section 113(g). ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish a pilot program to award grants to not fewer than 10 eligible entities to assist low-income households in maintaining ac-cess to sanitation services. ‘‘(2) L
OWER INCOME LIMIT .—For purposes of this section, a State may adopt an income limit that is lower than the limit described in subsection (a)(3)(B), except that the State may not exclude a household from eligibility in a fiscal year based solely on household in-come if that income is less than 110 percent of the poverty level for that State. ‘‘(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a re-port on the results of the program estab-lished under this section.’’. 
SA 4488. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 306. COMPLIANCE OF MILITARY HOUSING WATER SUPPLIES WITH FEDERAL AND STATE DRINKING WATER STANDARDS. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study to determine whether members of the Armed Forces and their families who live in mili-tary housing in the United States have ac-cess to water that complies with State and Federal drinking water standards. (b) COMPLIANCE MEASURES .—If the Sec-retary finds that water available to members of the Armed Forces and their families who live in military housing does not meet State or Federal drinking water standards, the Secretary shall— (1) take immediate steps to bring non-compliant water sources into compliance with State and Federal standards; and (2) within 30 days of discovering that a water source does not meet State or Federal drinking water standards, provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives and the congressional delegation of the affected State written verification describing the noncompliant water sources, including the location of all affected members of the Armed Forces, and an explanation about how the Secretary will bring the water source into compliance with State and Federal standards. 
SA 4489. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. NOTIFICATION OF PROPOSED CHANGES TO THE AIR FORCE STRA-TEGIC BASING PROCESS. 
Not later than 30 days after making a de-termination to change the concept of oper-ations, basing objectives, criteria, policies, programming, planning, or directives of the strategic basing process, the Secretary of the Air Force shall notify Congress of the pro-posed change. The notification shall include a briefing by the Chair of the Strategic Bas-ing Executive Steering Group and a detailed, written risk assessment and analysis report regarding the change. 
SA 4490. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XIV, add the following: 
SEC. 1433. TERMINATION OF REDUCTION TO UN-DISTRIBUTED DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM RELATING TO FERTILITY TREATMENT BENEFITS. 
(a) T ERMINATION OF REDUCTION .—The re- duction in the amount available for undis-tributed Defense Health Program relating to unauthorized fertility treatment benefits otherwise to be made by reason of the fund-ing table in section 4501 shall note be made. (b) I
NCREASE IN AMOUNT AUTHORIZED FOR  D
EFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM FOR BENEFITS .— The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Defense Health Program by section 1405 is hereby increased by $38,000,000, with the amount of the in-crease to be allocated to undistributed De-fense Health Program as specified in the funding table in section 4501 and available for unauthorized fertility treatment bene-fits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.038 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3563 June 7, 2016 
SA 4491. Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Ms. B
ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1667. INCREASED FUNDING FOR CERTAIN MISSILE DEFENSE ACTIVITIES. 
(a) P ROCUREMENT , D EFENSE -WIDE.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by section 101 is hereby increased by $290,000,000, with the amount of increase to be available for procurement, Defense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4101 and available for procurement for the following: (1) Iron Dome, $20,000,000. (2) David’s Sling Weapon System, $150,000,000. (3) Arrow 3 Upper Tier, $120,000,000. (b) RDT&E, D
EFENSE -WIDE.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by sec-tion 201 is hereby increased by $29,900,000, with the amount of increase to be available for research, development, test, and evalua-tion, Defense-wide, as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4201 and available for re-search, development, test, and evaluation for the following: (1) David’s Sling Weapon System, $19,300,000. (2) Arrow 3 Upper Tier, $4,100,000. (3) Base Arrow, $6,500,000. (c) C
ONSTRUCTION OF INCREASE .—Amounts available under subsection (a) for procure-ment for items specified in subsection (a), and amounts available under subsection (b) for research, development, test, and evalua-tion for items specified in subsection (b), are in addition to any other amounts available for such purposes for such items in this Act. (d) O
FFSET .—Amounts for the aggregate of the increases in subsections (a) and (b) shall be derived as follows: (1) From a reduction of $219,900,000 in the amount of savings otherwise available for fiscal year 2017 in connection with bulk fuel as specified in the funding table in section 4301. (2) From a reduction of $100,000,000 in the amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 for lift and sustain to maintain program affordability as specified in the funding table in section 4302. 
SA 4492. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2814. DURATION OF UTILITY ENERGY SERV-ICE CONTRACTS. 
Section 2913 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(e) DURATION OF CONTRACTS .—An utility energy service contract entered into under this section may have a contract period not to exceed 25 years. ‘‘(f) V
ERIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .—The conditions of an utility energy service con-tract entered into under this section shall include requirements for measurement, verification, and performance assurances or guarantees of the savings.’’. 
SA 4493. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 590. ATOMIC VETERANS SERVICE MEDAL. 
(a) S ERVICE MEDAL REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall design and produce a military service medal, to be known as the ‘‘Atomic Veterans Service Medal’’, to honor retired and former members of the Armed Forces who are radiation-exposed veterans (as such term is defined in section 1112(c)(3) of title 38, United States Code). (b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF MEDAL .— (1) I
SSUANCE TO RETIRED AND FORMER MEM -
BERS .—At the request of a radiation-exposed veteran, the Secretary of Defense shall issue the Atomic Veterans Service Medal to the veteran. (2) I
SSUANCE TO NEXT -OF-KIN.—In the case of a radiation-exposed veteran who is de-ceased, the Secretary may provide for issuance of the Atomic Veterans Service Medal to the next-of-kin of the person. (3) A
PPLICATION .—The Secretary shall pre-pare and disseminate as appropriate an ap-plication by which radiation-exposed vet-erans and their next-of-kin may apply to re-ceive the Atomic Veterans Service Medal. 
SA 4494. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XXXIII, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3308. RULEMAKING ESTABLISHING MIN-IMUM LIABILITY INSURANCE LEV-ELS FOR PILOTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion shall initiate a rulemaking to establish minimum levels of liability insurance for any pilot covered under this title. 
SA 4495. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Strike title XXXIII and insert the fol-lowing: TITLE XXXIII—EXEMPTION FROM MED-ICAL CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS 
SEC. 3301. REPORTING BY PILOTS EXEMPT FROM MEDICAL CERTIFICATION REQUIRE-MENTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall require any pilot who is exempt from medical certification require-ments to submit, not less frequently than once every 180 days, a report to the Depart-ment of Transportation that— (1) identifies the pilot’s status as an active pilot; and (2) includes a summary of the pilot’s recent flight hours. 
SEC. 3302. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-FICE REPORT ASSESSING EFFECT ON PUBLIC SAFETY OF EXEMPTION FOR SPORT PILOTS FROM REQUIRE-MENT FOR A MEDICAL CERTIFICATE. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit a re-port to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that assesses the effect of section 61.23(c)(ii) of title 14, Code of Federal Regula-tions (permitting a person to exercise the privileges of a sport pilot certificate without holding a medical certificate), on public safe-ty since 2004. 
SA 4496. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. F
LAKE , and Mr. N ELSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XII, add the following: Subtitle I—Authority for the Use of Military Force Against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant 
SEC. 1281. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) The terrorist organization that has re-ferred to itself as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and various other names (in this subtitle referred to as ‘‘ISIL’’) poses a grave threat to the people and territorial in-tegrity of Iraq and Syria, regional stability, and the national security interests of the United States and its allies and partners. (2) ISIL holds significant territory in Iraq and Syria and has stated its intention to seize more territory and demonstrated the capability to do so. (3) ISIL leaders have stated that they in-tend to conduct terrorist attacks inter-nationally, including against the United States, its citizens, and interests. (4) ISIL has committed despicable acts of violence and mass executions against Mus-lims, regardless of sect, who do not subscribe to ISIL’s depraved, violent, and oppressive ideology. (5) ISIL has threatened genocide and com-mitted vicious acts of violence against reli-gious and ethnic minority groups, including Iraqi Christian, Yezidi, and Turkmen popu-lations. (6) ISIL has targeted innocent women and girls with horrific acts of violence, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.059 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3564 June 7, 2016 
abduction, enslavement, torture, rape, and forced marriage. (7) ISIL is responsible for the deaths of in-nocent United States citizens, including James Foley, Steven Sotloff, Abdul-Rahman Peter Kassig, and Kayla Mueller. (8) The United States is working with re-gional and global allies and partners to de-grade and defeat ISIL, to cut off its funding, to stop the flow of foreign fighters to its ranks, and to support local communities as they reject ISIL. (9) The announcement of the anti-ISIL Co-alition on September 5, 2014, during the NATO Summit in Wales, stated that ISIL poses a serious threat and should be coun-tered by a broad international coalition. (10) The United States calls on its allies and partners, particularly in the Middle East and North Africa, to join the anti-ISIL Coali-tion and defeat this terrorist threat. (11) President Barack Obama, United States military leaders, and United States allies in the region have made clear that it is more effective to use the unique capabili-ties of the United States Government to sup-port regional partners instead of large-scale deployments of United States ground forces in this mission. 
SEC. 1282. AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The President is au-thorized to use the Armed Forces of the United States as the President determines necessary and appropriate against ISIL or associated persons or forces as defined in sec-tion 1285. (b) W
ARPOWERS RESOLUTION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (1) S
PECIFIC STATUTORY AUTHORIZATION .— Consistent with section 8(a)(1) of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1547(a)(1)), Con-gress declares that this section is intended to constitute specific statutory authoriza-tion within the meaning of section 5(b) of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1544(b)). (2) A
PPLICABILITY OF OTHER REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Nothing in this subtitle supersedes any requirements of the War Powers Resolu-tion (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). (c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this author-ization is to protect the lives of United States citizens and to provide military sup-port to regional partners in their battle to defeat ISIL. The use of significant United States ground troops in combat against ISIL, except to protect the lives of United States citizens from imminent threat, is not consistent with such purpose. 
SEC. 1283. DURATION OF AUTHORIZATION. 
The authorization for the use of military force under this subtitle shall terminate three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, unless reauthorized. 
SEC. 1284. REPORTS. 
The President shall report to Congress at least once every six months on specific ac-tions taken pursuant to this authorization. 
SEC. 1285. ASSOCIATED PERSONS OR FORCES DE-FINED. 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘associated per-sons or forces’’— (1) means individuals and organizations fighting for, on behalf of, or alongside ISIL or any closely-related successor entity in hostilities against the United States or its coalition partners; and (2) refers to any individual or organization that presents a direct threat to members of the United States Armed Forces, coalition partner forces, or forces trained by the coali-tion, in their fight against ISIL. 
SEC. 1286. REPEAL OF AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF MILITARY FORCE AGAINST IRAQ. 
The Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 116 Stat. 1498; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) is hereby repealed. SEC. 1287. SOLE STATUTORY AUTHORITY FOR MILITARY ACTION AGAINST ISIL. 
This authorization shall constitute the sole statutory authority for United States military action against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and associated persons or forces, and supersedes any prior author-ization for the use of military force involv-ing action against ISIL. 
SA 4497. Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1227. REPEAL OF AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF MILITARY FORCE. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to encourage a new Administration to work with Congress in its first two years to effectively revise the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). (b) F
INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The 2001 Authorization for Use of Mili-tary Force is now nearly 15 years old. (2) A new Administration should determine how the United States continues to fight ter-rorism in a disciplined way consistent with the authorities provided under Article I and II of the Constitution and the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). (c) Q
UALIFYING LEGISLATION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘qualifying legisla-tion’’ means— (1) proposed legislation submitted by the President under subsection (d) not later than the date specified in such subsection; (2) in the event the President does not sub-mit such proposed legislation by such date, legislation reported by the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate or the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives after such date and not later than November 20, 2017, that refines, modi-fies, or repeals the authorization for the use of force provided in the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40, 155 Stat. 224), enacted on September 18, 2001; or (3) in the event proposed legislation is not submitted or reported as described under paragraph (1) or (2), respectively, legislation that refines, modifies, or repeals the author-ization for the use of force provided in the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40, 155 Stat. 224) that is in-troduced by any member of the Senate or House of Representatives after November 20, 2017. (d) R
EQUIRED PRESIDENTIAL SUBMISSION .— Not later than September 20, 2017, the Presi-dent shall submit to Congress proposed legis-lation that refines, modifies, or repeals the authorization for the use of force provided in the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40, 155 Stat. 224) (in this sec-tion referred to as ‘‘qualifying legislation’’). (e) I
NTRODUCTION OF QUALIFYING LEGISLA -
TION SUBMITTED BY PRESIDENT .—Proposed legislation submitted by the President under subsection (d) shall be introduced in the Sen-ate (by request) on the next day on which the Senate is in session by the majority leader of the Senate or by a member of the Senate designated by the majority leader of the Sen-ate and shall be introduced in the House of Representatives (by request) on the next leg-islative day by the majority leader of the House or by a member of the House des-ignated by the majority leader of the House. (f) EXPEDITED CONSIDERATION OF QUALI-
FYING LEGISLATION .— (1) C
ONSIDERATION IN THE HOUSE OF REP -
RESENTATIVES .— (A) C
OMMITTEE REFERRAL AND DISCHARGE .— If a committee of the House to which quali-fying legislation described in paragraph (1) or paragraph (3) of subsection (c) has been re-ferred has not reported such qualifying legis-lation within 10 legislative days after such referral, that committee shall be discharged from further consideration thereof. (B) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION .—When the com-mittee to which qualifying legislation de-scribed in paragraph (1) or paragraph (3) of subsection (c) has been referred has reported, or has been deemed to be discharged (under paragraph (1) of this subsection) from further consideration of, such qualifying legislation, or when a committee has reported qualifying legislation described in subsection (c)(2), it is at any time thereafter in order (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) for any Member of the re-spective House to move to proceed to the consideration of the qualifying legislation, and all points of order against the motion to proceed are waived. The motion is highly privileged in the House of Representatives. The motion is not subject to amendment, or to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the consideration of other busi-ness. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the qualifying legis-lation is agreed to, the qualifying legislation shall remain the unfinished business of the House until disposed of. (2) C
ONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE .— (A) C
OMMITTEE REFERRAL .—Qualifying leg-islation described in paragraph (1) or para-graph (3) of subsection (c) that is introduced in the Senate shall be referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. (B) R
EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .—If the Committee on Foreign Relations has not re-ported such qualifying legislation within 10 days upon which the Senate is in session after such referral, that committee shall be discharged from further consideration there-of and such legislation shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. (C) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION .—When the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations has reported, or has been discharged (under paragraph (1) of this subsection) from further consideration of, qualifying legislation described in para-graph (1) or paragraph (3) of subsection (c), or when the Committee on Foreign Relations has reported qualifying legislation described in subsection (c)(2), it is at any time there-after in order (even though a previous mo-tion to the same effect has been disagreed to) for any Senator, notwithstanding Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, to move to proceed to the consideration of the quali-fying legislation, and all points of order against the motion to proceed are waived. The motion is not subject to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business. The motion is not debatable. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or dis-agreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the quali-fying legislation is agreed to, the qualifying legislation shall remain the unfinished busi-ness of the Senate until disposed of. (3) R
ULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
AND SENATE .—This subsection is enacted by Congress— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.041 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3565 June 7, 2016 
(A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives, respectively, and as such it is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respec-tively, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of legislation described in those sec-tions, and it supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is inconsistent with such rules; and (B) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. (g) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— (1) S
TRATEGY .—Not later than September 20, 2017, the President shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees and leadership a written report setting forth a comprehensive strategy of the United States, encompassing military, economic, humani-tarian, and diplomatic efforts, to protect Americans from al Qaeda, the Taliban, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ( ƒISIL), and transnational terrorist organizations that the President has determined threaten the national security of United States and to support international partners in their fight to defeat such organizations. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION OF STRATEGY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than September 20, 2017, and every 180 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership a description and assessment of the implemen-tation of the strategy set forth in the report required by paragraph (1), including a de-scription of any substantive change to the comprehensive strategy, including the rea-son for the change and the change’s effect on the rest of the comprehensive strategy. (B) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS OF THE REPORT .— The report required under subparagraph (A) shall include the specific military actions taken to address the threat posed by transnational terrorist organizations and as-sociated persons or forces, including— (i) the persons and forces targeted by such actions; (ii) the nature and location of such actions; (iii) an evaluation of the effectiveness of such actions; and (iv) a description of and justification for the specific authorities relied upon for such actions. (3) R
EPORT ON ACTIONS IN FOREIGN COUN -
TRIES .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees and leadership a report detailing all foreign countries in which the United States government is conducting, or is preparing to conduct, specific actions de-scribed in paragraph (2)(B), and shall update this report no less than 48 hours before such actions take place in a new country, unless exigent circumstances exist. (4) C
OVERED PERSONS AND FORCES .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a list of the organizations, per-sons, or forces against which the United States is conducting military operations pursuant to the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107-40, 155 Stat. 224) or the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 116 Stat. 1498; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note), or Article II of the Constitution of the United States, respectively, along with a jus-tification for the inclusion of such organiza-tions, persons, or forces, and classified infor-mation relating thereto. The list shall be up-dated at least every 90 days. (5) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES AND LEADERSHIP DEFINED .—In this sub-section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees and leadership’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Majority and Minority Leaders of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Speaker, Majority Leader, and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives. (h) REPEAL .—The Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) shall terminate on January 1, 2019. 
SA 4498. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle J—Treatment of Employees of De-partment of Veterans Affairs and Protec-tion of Whistleblowers 
SEC. 1097. REMOVAL OR DEMOTION OF EMPLOY-EES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS BASED ON PER-FORMANCE OR MISCONDUCT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 714. Employees: removal or demotion based on performance or misconduct ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) The Secretary may remove or demote an individual who is an employee of the Department if the Secretary determines the performance or misconduct of the individual warrants such removal or demotion. ‘‘(2) A determination under paragraph (1) that the performance or misconduct of an in-dividual warrants removal or demotion may consist of a determination of any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) The individual neglected a duty of the position in which the individual was em-ployed. ‘‘(B) The individual engaged in malfea-sance. ‘‘(C) The individual failed to accept a di-rected reassignment or to accompany a posi-tion in a transfer of function. ‘‘(D) The individual violated a policy of the Department. ‘‘(E) The individual violated a provision of law. ‘‘(F) The individual engaged in insubor-dination. ‘‘(G) The individual over prescribed medi-cation. ‘‘(H) The individual contributed to the pur-poseful omission of the name of one or more veterans waiting for health care from an electronic wait list for a medical facility of the Department. ‘‘(I) The individual was the supervisor of an employee of the Department, or was a su-pervisor of the supervisor, at any level, who contributed to a purposeful omission as de-scribed in subparagraph (H) and knew, or reasonably should have known, that the em-ployee contributed to such purposeful omis-sion. ‘‘(J) Such other performance or mis-conduct as the Secretary determines war-rants the removal or demotion of the indi-vidual under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) If the Secretary removes or demotes an individual as described in paragraph (1), the Secretary may— ‘‘(A) remove the individual from the civil service (as defined in section 2101 of title 5); or ‘‘(B) demote the individual by means of— ‘‘(i) a reduction in grade for which the indi-vidual is qualified and that the Secretary de-termines is appropriate; or ‘‘(ii) a reduction in annual rate of pay that the Secretary determines is appropriate. ‘‘(b) PAY OF CERTAIN DEMOTED INDIVID -
UALS .—(1) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any individual subject to a de-motion under subsection (a)(3)(B)(i) shall, be-ginning on the date of such demotion, re-ceive the annual rate of pay applicable to such grade. ‘‘(2) An individual so demoted may not be placed on administrative leave or any other category of paid leave during the period dur-ing which an appeal (if any) under this sec-tion is ongoing, and may only receive pay if the individual reports for duty. If an indi-vidual so demoted does not report for duty, such individual shall not receive pay or other benefits pursuant to subsection (e)(5). ‘‘(c) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after removing or demoting an indi-vidual under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives notice in writing of such re-moval or demotion and the reason for such removal or demotion. ‘‘(d) P
ROCEDURE .—(1) The procedures under section 7513(b) of title 5 and chapter 43 of such title shall not apply to a removal or de-motion under this section. ‘‘(2)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B) and subsection (e), any removal or demotion under subsection (a) may be appealed to the Merit Systems Protection Board under sec-tion 7701 of title 5. ‘‘(B) An appeal under subparagraph (A) of a removal or demotion may only be made if such appeal is made not later than seven days after the date of such removal or demo-tion. ‘‘(e) E
XPEDITED REVIEW BY ADMINISTRATIVE  L
AWJUDGE .—(1) Upon receipt of an appeal under subsection (d)(2)(A), the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board shall refer such ap-peal to an administrative law judge pursuant to section 7701(b)(1) of title 5. The adminis-trative law judge shall expedite any such ap-peal under such section and, in any such case, shall issue a decision not later than 45 days after the date of the appeal. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 7703 of title 5, the decision of an administrative judge under paragraph (1) shall be final and shall not be subject to any further appeal. ‘‘(3) In any case in which the administra-tive judge cannot issue a decision in accord-ance with the 45-day requirement under paragraph (1), the removal or demotion is final. In such a case, the Merit Systems Pro-tection Board shall, within 14 days after the date that such removal or demotion is final, submit to Congress and the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a report that explains the reasons why a decision was not issued in ac-cordance with such requirement. ‘‘(4) The Merit Systems Protection Board or administrative judge may not stay any re-moval or demotion under this section. ‘‘(5) During the period beginning on the date on which an individual appeals a re-moval from the civil service under sub-section (d) and ending on the date that the administrative judge issues a final decision on such appeal, such individual may not re-ceive any pay, awards, bonuses, incentives, allowances, differentials, student loan repay-ments, special payments, or benefits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.041 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3566 June 7, 2016 
‘‘(6) To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall provide to the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board, and to any adminis-trative law judge to whom an appeal under this section is referred, such information and assistance as may be necessary to ensure an appeal under this subsection is expedited. ‘‘(f) R
ELATION TO OTHER PROVISIONS OF  L
AW.—(1) The authority provided by this sec-tion is in addition to the authority provided by subchapter V of chapter 75 of title 5 and chapter 43 of such title. ‘‘(2) Subchapter V of chapter 74 of this title shall not apply to any action under this sec-tion. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘individual’ means an indi-vidual occupying a position at the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs but does not in-clude— ‘‘(A) an individual, as that term is defined in section 713(g)(1) of this title; or ‘‘(B) a political appointee. ‘‘(2) The term ‘grade’ has the meaning given such term in section 7511(a) of title 5. ‘‘(3) The term ‘misconduct’ includes ne-glect of duty, malfeasance, or failure to ac-cept a directed reassignment or to accom-pany a position in a transfer of function. ‘‘(4) The term ‘political appointee’ means an individual who is— ‘‘(A) employed in a position described under sections 5312 through 5316 of title 5, (relating to the Executive Schedule); ‘‘(B) is a limited term appointee, limited emergency appointee, or noncareer ap-pointee in the Senior Executive Service, as defined under paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), re-spectively, of section 3132(a) of title 5; or ‘‘(C) is employed in a position of a con-fidential or policy-determining character under schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) C
LERICAL .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of such title is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 713 the following new item: ‘‘714. Employees: removal or demotion based on performance or mis-conduct.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING .—Section 4303(f) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of para-graph (2); (B) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (3) and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) any removal or demotion under sec-tion 714 of title 38.’’. 
SEC. 1097A. REQUIRED PROBATIONARY PERIOD FOR NEW EMPLOYEES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 1097, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 715. Probationary period for employees ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding sec-tions 3321 and 3393(d) of title 5, the appoint-ment of a covered employee shall become final only after such employee has served a probationary period of 540 days. The Sec-retary may extend a probationary period under this subsection at the discretion of the Secretary. ‘‘(b) C
OVERED EMPLOYEE .—In this section, the term ‘covered employee’— ‘‘(1) means any individual— ‘‘(A) appointed to a permanent position within the competitive service at the De-partment; or ‘‘(B) appointed as a career appointee (as that term is defined in section 3132(a)(4) of title 5) within the Senior Executive Service at the Department; and ‘‘(2) does not include any individual with a probationary period prescribed by section 7403 of this title. ‘‘(c) PERMANENT HIRES.—Upon the expira-tion of a covered employee’s probationary period under subsection (a), the supervisor of the employee shall determine whether the appointment becomes final based on regula-tions prescribed for such purpose by the Sec-retary.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to any covered em-ployee (as that term is defined in section 715 of title 38, United States Code, as added by such subsection) appointed after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) C
LERICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) C
LERICAL .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of such title, as amended by section 1097, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 714 the following new item: ‘‘715. Probationary period for employees.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING .—Title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 3321(c), by— (i) striking ‘‘Service or’’ and inserting ‘‘Service,’’; and (ii) inserting at the end before the period the following: ‘‘, or any individual covered by section 715 of title 38’’; and (B) in section 3393(d), by adding at the end after the period the following: ‘‘The pre-ceding sentence shall not apply to any indi-vidual covered by section 715 of title 38.’’. 
SEC. 1097B. OFFICE OF ACCOUNTABILITY AND WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 323. Office of Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department an office to be known as the Office of Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection (in this section referred to as the ‘Office’). ‘‘(b) H
EAD OF OFFICE .—(1) The head of the Office shall be responsible for the functions of the Office and shall be appointed by the President pursuant to section 308(a) of this title. ‘‘(2) The head of the Office shall be known as the ‘Assistant Secretary for Account-ability and Whistleblower Protection’. ‘‘(3) The Assistant Secretary shall report directly to the Secretary on all matters re-lating to the Office. ‘‘(4) Notwithstanding section 308(b) of this title, the Secretary may only assign to the Assistant Secretary responsibilities relating to the functions of the Office set forth in subsection (c). ‘‘(c) F
UNCTIONS .—(1) The functions of the Office are as follows: ‘‘(A) Advising the Secretary on all matters of the Department relating to account-ability, including accountability of employ-ees of the Department, retaliation against whistleblowers, and such matters as the Sec-retary considers similar and affect public trust in the Department. ‘‘(B) Issuing reports and providing rec-ommendations related to the duties de-scribed in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) Receiving whistleblower disclosures. ‘‘(D) Referring whistleblower disclosures received under subparagraph (C) for inves-tigation to the Office of the Medical Inspec-tor, the Office of Inspector General, or other investigative entity, as appropriate, if the Assistant Secretary has reason to believe the whistleblower disclosure is evidence of a vio-lation of a provision of law, mismanagement, gross waste of funds, abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health and safety. ‘‘(E) Receiving and referring disclosures from the Special Counsel for investigation to the Medical Inspector of the Department, the Inspector General of the Department, or such other person with investigatory author-ity, as the Assistant Secretary considers ap-propriate. ‘‘(F) Recording, tracking, reviewing, and confirming implementation of recommenda-tions from audits and investigations carried out by the Inspector General of the Depart-ment, the Medical Inspector of the Depart-ment, the Special Counsel, and the Comp-troller General of the United States, includ-ing the imposition of disciplinary actions and other corrective actions contained in such recommendations. ‘‘(G) Analyzing data from the Office and the Office of Inspector General telephone hotlines, other whistleblower disclosures, disaggregated by facility and area of health care if appropriate, and relevant audits and investigations to identify trends and issue reports to the Secretary based on analysis conducted under this subparagraph. ‘‘(H) Receiving, reviewing, and inves-tigating allegations of misconduct, retalia-tion, or poor performance involving— ‘‘(i) an individual in a senior executive po-sition (as defined in section 713(d) of this title) in the Department; ‘‘(ii) an individual employed in a confiden-tial, policy-making, policy-determining, or policy-advocating position in the Depart-ment; or ‘‘(iii) a supervisory employee, if the allega-tion involves retaliation against an em-ployee for making a whistleblower disclo-sure. ‘‘(I) Making such recommendations to the Secretary for disciplinary action as the As-sistant Secretary considers appropriate after substantiating any allegation of misconduct or poor performance pursuant to an inves-tigation carried out as described in subpara-graph (F) or (H). ‘‘(2) In carrying out the functions of the Office, the Assistant Secretary shall ensure that the Office maintains a toll-free tele-phone number and Internet website to re-ceive anonymous whistleblower disclosures. ‘‘(3) In any case in which the Assistant Secretary receives a whistleblower disclo-sure from an employee of the Department under paragraph (1)(C), the Assistant Sec-retary may not disclose the identity of the employee without the consent of the em-ployee, except in accordance with the provi-sions of section 552a of title 5, or as required by any other applicable provision of Federal law. ‘‘(d) STAFF AND RESOURCES .—The Secretary shall ensure that the Assistant Secretary has such staff, resources, and access to informa-tion as may be necessary to carry out the functions of the Office. ‘‘(e) R
ELATION TO OFFICE OF GENERAL COUN-
SEL.—The Office shall not be established as an element of the Office of the General Coun-sel and the Assistant Secretary may not re-port to the General Counsel. ‘‘(f) R
EPORTS .—(1)(A) Not later than June 30 of each calendar year, beginning with June 30, 2017, the Assistant Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report on the activities of the Office during the calendar year in which the report is submitted. ‘‘(B) Each report submitted under subpara-graph (A) shall include, for the period cov-ered by the report, the following: ‘‘(i) A full and substantive analysis of the activities of the Office, including such statis-tical information as the Assistant Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(ii) Identification of any issues reported to the Secretary under subsection (c)(1)(G), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.042 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3567 June 7, 2016 
including such data as the Assistant Sec-retary considers relevant to such issues and any trends the Assistant Secretary may have identified with respect to such issues. ‘‘(iii) Identification of such concerns as the Assistant Secretary may have regarding the size, staffing, and resources of the Office and such recommendations as the Assistant Sec-retary may have for legislative or adminis-trative action to address such concerns. ‘‘(iv) Such recommendations as the Assist-ant Secretary may have for legislative or ad-ministrative action to improve— ‘‘(I) the process by which concerns are re-ported to the Office; and ‘‘(II) the protection of whistleblowers with-in the Department. ‘‘(v) Such other matters as the Assistant Secretary considers appropriate regarding the functions of the Office or other matters relating to the Office. ‘‘(2) If the Secretary receives a rec-ommendation for disciplinary action under subsection (c)(1)(I) and does not take or ini-tiate the recommended disciplinary action before the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Secretary received the rec-ommendation, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives a de-tailed justification for not taking or initi-ating such disciplinary action. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘supervisory employee’ means an employee of the Department who is a supervisor as defined in section 7103(a) of title 5. ‘‘(2) The term ‘whistleblower’ means one who makes a whistleblower disclosure. ‘‘(3) The term ‘whistleblower disclosure’ means any disclosure of information by an employee of the Department or individual applying to become an employee of the De-partment which the employee or individual reasonably believes evidences— ‘‘(A) a violation of a provision of law; or ‘‘(B) gross mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substan-tial and specific danger to public health or safety.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 308(b) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(12) The functions set forth in section 323(c) of this title.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 3 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 322 the following new item: ‘‘323. Office of Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection.’’. 
SEC. 1097C. PROTECTION OF WHISTLEBLOWERS IN DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 1097A, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sections: ‘‘§ 716. Protection of whistleblowers as cri-teria in evaluation of supervisors ‘‘(a) D
EVELOPMENT AND USE OF CRITERIA  R
EQUIRED .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary of Account-ability and Whistleblower Protection, shall develop criteria that— ‘‘(1) the Secretary shall use as a critical element in any evaluation of the perform-ance of a supervisory employee; and ‘‘(2) promotes the protection of whistle-blowers. ‘‘(b) P
RINCIPLES FOR PROTECTION OF WHIS-
TLEBLOWERS .—The criteria required by sub-section (a) shall include principles for the protection of whistleblowers, such as the de-gree to which supervisory employees respond constructively when employees of the De-partment report concerns, take responsible action to resolve such concerns, and foster an environment in which employees of the Department feel comfortable reporting con-cerns to supervisory employees or to the ap-propriate authorities. ‘‘(c) SUPERVISORY EMPLOYEE AND WHISTLE -
BLOWER DEFINED .—In this section, the terms ‘supervisory employee’ and ‘whistleblower’ have the meanings given such terms in sec-tion 323 of this title. ‘‘§ 717. Training regarding whistleblower dis-closures ‘‘(a) T
RAINING .—Not less frequently than once every two years, the Secretary, in co-ordination with the Whistleblower Protec-tion Ombudsman designated under section 3(d)(1)(C) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), shall provide to each em-ployee of the Department training regarding whistleblower disclosures, including— ‘‘(1) an explanation of each method estab-lished by law in which an employee may file a whistleblower disclosure; ‘‘(2) the right of the employee to petition Congress regarding a whistleblower disclo-sure in accordance with section 7211 of title 5; ‘‘(3) an explanation that the employee may not be prosecuted or reprised against for dis-closing information to Congress, the Inspec-tor General, or another investigatory agency in instances where such disclosure is per-mitted by law, including under sections 5701, 5705, and 7732 of this title, under section 552a of title 5 (commonly referred to as the Pri-vacy Act), under chapter 93 of title 18, and pursuant to regulations promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Port-ability and Accountability Act of 1996 (Pub-lic Law 104–191); ‘‘(4) an explanation of the language that is required to be included in all nondisclosure policies, forms, and agreements pursuant to section 115(a)(1) of the Whistleblower Protec-tion Enhancement Act of 2012 (5 U.S.C. 2302 note); and ‘‘(5) the right of contractors to be pro-tected from reprisal for the disclosure of cer-tain information under section 4705 or 4712 of title 41. ‘‘(b) M
ANNER TRAINING ISPROVIDED .—The Secretary shall ensure, to the maximum ex-tent practicable, that training provided under subsection (a) is provided in person. ‘‘(c) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not less frequently than once every two years, the Secretary shall provide training on merit system pro-tection in a manner that the Special Counsel certifies as being satisfactory. ‘‘(d) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall publish on the Internet website of the De-partment, and display prominently at each facility of the Department, the rights of an employee to make a whistleblower disclo-sure, including the information described in paragraphs (1) through (5) of subsection (a). ‘‘(e) W
HISTLEBLOWER DISCLOSURE DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘whistle-blower disclosure’ has the meaning given such term in section 323 of this title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of such title, as amended by section 1097A, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 715 the following new items: ‘‘716. Protection of whistleblowers as criteria in evaluation of supervisors. ‘‘717. Training regarding whistleblower dis-closures.’’. 
SEC. 1097D. TREATMENT OF CONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS EMPLOYEES AS OFFICIAL DUTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 1097C, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 718. Congressional testimony by employees: treatment as official duty ‘‘(a) CONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY .—An em- ployee of the Department is performing offi-cial duty during the period with respect to which the employee is testifying in an offi-cial capacity in front of either chamber of Congress, a committee of either chamber of Congress, or a joint or select committee of Congress. ‘‘(b) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—The Secretary shall provide travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with applicable provisions under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, to any employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs per-forming official duty described under sub-section (a).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of such title, as amended by section 1097C, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 717 the following new item: ‘‘718. Congressional testimony by employees: treatment as official duty.’’. 
SEC. 1097E. REPORT ON METHODS USED TO IN-VESTIGATE EMPLOYEES OF DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 540 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary for Account-ability and Whistleblower Protection shall submit to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives a re-port on methods used to investigate employ-ees of the Department of Veterans Affairs and whether such methods are used to retali-ate against whistleblowers. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the use of administra-tive investigation boards, peer review, searches of medical records, and other meth-ods for investigating employees of the De-partment. (2) A determination of whether and to what degree the methods described in paragraph (1) are being used to retaliate against whis-tleblowers. (3) Recommendations for legislative or ad-ministrative action to implement safeguards to prevent the retaliation described in para-graph (2). (c) W
HISTLEBLOWER DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘whistleblower’’ has the meaning given such term in section 323 of title 38, United States Code, as added by sec-tion 1097B. 
SA 4499. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 647. EQUAL BENEFITS UNDER SURVIVOR BENEFIT PLAN FOR SURVIVORS OF RESERVE COMPONENT MEMBERS WHO DIE IN THE LINE OF DUTY DUR-ING INACTIVE-DUTY TRAINING. 
(a) T REATMENT OF INACTIVE -DUTY TRAINING  
INSAMEMANNER AS ACTIVE DUTY.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1451(c)(1)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in clause (i)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.042 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3568 June 7, 2016 
(i) by inserting ‘‘or 1448(f)’’ after ‘‘section 1448(d)’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or (iii)’’ after ‘‘clause (ii)’’; and (B) in clause (iii)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 1448(f) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1448(f)(1)(A) of this title by reason of the death of a member or former member not in line of duty’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘active’’. (2) A
PPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS .—No annu- ity benefit under the Survivor Benefit Plan shall accrue to any person by reason of the amendments made by paragraph (1) for any period before the date of the enactment of this Act. With respect to an annuity under the Survivor Benefit Plan for a death occur-ring on or after September 10, 2001, and be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned shall recompute the benefit amount to reflect such amendments, effective for months beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) C
ONSISTENT TREATMENT OF DEPENDENT  C
HILDREN .—Section 1448(f) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) D
EPENDENT CHILDREN ANNUITY .— ‘‘(A) A
NNUITY WHEN NO ELIGIBLE SURVIVING  
SPOUSE .—In the case of a person described in paragraph (1), the Secretary concerned shall pay an annuity under this subchapter to the dependent children of that person under sec-tion 1450(a)(2) of this title as applicable. ‘‘(B) O
PTIONAL ANNUITY WHEN THERE IS AN  
ELIGIBLE SURVIVING SPOUSE .—The Secretary may pay an annuity under this subchapter to the dependent children of a person described in paragraph (1) under section 1450(a)(3) of this title, if applicable, instead of paying an annuity to the surviving spouse under para-graph (1), if the Secretary concerned, in con-sultation with the surviving spouse, deter-mines it appropriate to provide an annuity for the dependent children under this para-graph instead of an annuity for the surviving spouse under paragraph (1).’’. (c) D
EEMED ELECTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1448(f) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by sub-section (b), is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) D
EEMED ELECTION TO PROVIDE AN ANNU -
ITY FOR DEPENDENT .—In the case of a person described in paragraph (1) who dies after No-vember 23, 2003, the Secretary concerned may, if no other annuity is payable on behalf of that person under this subchapter, pay an annuity to a natural person who has an in-surable interest in such person as if the an-nuity were elected by the person under sub-section (b)(1). The Secretary concerned may pay such an annuity under this paragraph only in the case of a person who is a depend-ent of that deceased person (as defined in section 1072(2) of this title). An annuity under this paragraph shall be computed in the same manner as provided under subpara-graph (B) of subsection (d)(6) for an annuity under that subsection.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—No annuity payment under paragraph (6) of section 1448(f) of title 10, United States Code, as added by para-graph (1) of this subsection, may be made for any period before the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) A
VAILABILITY OF SPECIAL SURVIVOR IN-
DEMNITY ALLOWANCE .— (1) A
VAILABILITY .—Section 1450(m)(1)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or (f)’’ after ‘‘subsection (d)’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—No payment under section 1450(m) of title 10, United States Code, by reason of the amendment made by paragraph (1) may be made for any period be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act. SA 4500. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: DIVISION F—DHS ACCOUNTABILITY 
SECTION 6001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Ac-countability Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 6002. DEFINITIONS. 
In this division: (1) C
ONGRESSIONAL HOMELAND SECURITY  
COMMITTEES .—The term ‘‘congressional homeland security committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (C) the Subcommittee on Homeland Secu-rity of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (D) the Subcommittee on Homeland Secu-rity of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. TITLE LXXI—DEPARTMENT MANAGEMENT AND COORDINATION 
SEC. 6101. MANAGEMENT AND EXECUTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 103 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking subparagraph (F) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(F) An Under Secretary for Management, who shall be first assistant to the Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security for purposes of subchapter III of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(K) An Under Secretary for Strategy, Pol-icy, and Plans.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) V
ACANCIES .— ‘‘(1) A
BSENCE , DISABILITY , OR VACANCY OF  
SECRETARY OR DEPUTY SECRETARY .—Notwith- standing chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, the Under Secretary for Management shall serve as the Acting Secretary if by rea-son of absence, disability, or vacancy in of-fice, neither the Secretary nor Deputy Sec-retary is available to exercise the duties of the Office of the Secretary. ‘‘(2) F
URTHER ORDER OF SUCCESSION .—Not- withstanding chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, the Secretary may designate such other officers of the Department in fur-ther order of succession to serve as Acting Secretary. ‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION OF VACANCIES .—The Sec- retary shall notify the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives of any vacancies that require notification under sections 3345 through 3349d of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998’).’’. (b) U
NDER SECRETARY FOR MANAGEMENT .— Section 701 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraph (9) and inserting the following: ‘‘(9) The management integration and transformation within each functional man-agement discipline of the Department, in-cluding information technology, financial management, acquisition management, and human capital management, to ensure an ef-ficient and orderly consolidation of func-tions and personnel in the Department, in-cluding— ‘‘(A) the development of centralized data sources and connectivity of information sys-tems to the greatest extent practicable to enhance program visibility, transparency, and operational effectiveness and coordina-tion; ‘‘(B) the development of standardized and automated management information to manage and oversee programs and make in-formed decisions to improve the efficiency of the Department; ‘‘(C) the development of effective program management and regular oversight mecha-nisms, including clear roles and processes for program governance, sharing of best prac-tices, and access to timely, reliable, and evaluated data on all acquisitions and in-vestments; and ‘‘(D) the overall supervision, including the conduct of internal audits and management analyses, of the programs and activities of the Department, including establishment of oversight procedures to ensure a full and ef-fective review of the efforts by components of the Department to implement policies and procedures of the Department for manage-ment integration and transformation.’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (10) and (11) as paragraphs (12) and (13), respectively; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(10) The development of a transition and succession plan, before December 1 of each year in which a Presidential election is held, to guide the transition of Department func-tions to a new Presidential administration, and making such plan available to the next Secretary and Under Secretary for Manage-ment and to the congressional homeland se-curity committees. ‘‘(11) Reporting to the Government Ac-countability Office every 6 months to dem-onstrate measurable, sustainable progress made in implementing the corrective action plans of the Department to address the des-ignation of the management functions of the Department on the bi-annual high risk list of the Government Accountability Office, until the Comptroller General of the United States submits to the appropriate congressional committees written notification of removal of the high-risk designation.’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) WAIVERS FOR CONDUCTING BUSINESS  W
ITH SUSPENDED OR DEBARRED CONTRAC -
TORS .—Not later than 5 days after the date on which the Chief Procurement Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Department issues a waiver of the requirement that an agency not engage in business with a con-tractor or other recipient of funds listed as a party suspended or debarred from receiving contracts, grants, or other types of Federal assistance in the System for Award Manage-ment maintained by the General Services Administration, or any successor thereto, the Under Secretary for Management shall submit to the congressional homeland secu-rity committees and the Inspector General of the Department notice of the waiver and an explanation of the finding by the Under Sec-retary that a compelling reason exists for the waiver.’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.043 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3569 June 7, 2016 
(4) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) S
YSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT CON-
SULTATION .—The Under Secretary for Man-agement shall require that all Department contracting and grant officials consult the System for Award Management (or successor system) as maintained by the General Serv-ices Administration prior to awarding a con-tract or grant or entering into other trans-actions to ascertain whether the selected contractor is excluded from receiving Fed-eral contracts, certain subcontracts, and cer-tain types of Federal financial and non-fi-nancial assistance and benefits.’’. 
SEC. 6102. DEPARTMENT COORDINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 708. DEPARTMENT COORDINATION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘joint duty training program’ means the training program established under subsection (e)(9)(A); ‘‘(2) the term ‘joint requirement’ means a condition or capability of a Joint Task Force, or of multiple operating components of the Department, that is required to be met or possessed by a system, product, serv-ice, result, or component to satisfy a con-tract, standard, specification, or other for-mally imposed document; ‘‘(3) the term ‘Joint Task Force’ means a Joint Task Force established under sub-section (e) when the scope, complexity, or other factors of the crisis or issue require ca-pabilities of two or more components of the Department operating under the guidance of a single Director; and ‘‘(4) the term ‘situational awareness’ means knowledge and unified understanding of unlawful cross-border activity, including— ‘‘(A) threats and trends concerning illicit trafficking and unlawful crossings; ‘‘(B) the ability to forecast future shifts in such threats and trends; ‘‘(C) the ability to evaluate such threats and trends at a level sufficient to create ac-tionable plans; and ‘‘(D) the operational capability to conduct continuous and integrated surveillance of the air, land, and maritime borders of the United States. ‘‘(b) D
EPARTMENT LEADERSHIP COUNCILS .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may establish such Department leadership coun-cils as the Secretary determines necessary to ensure coordination among leadership in the Department. ‘‘(2) F
UNCTION .—Department leadership councils shall— ‘‘(A) serve as coordinating forums; ‘‘(B) advise the Secretary and Deputy Sec-retary on Department strategy, operations, and guidance; and ‘‘(C) consider and report on such other matters as the Secretary or Deputy Sec-retary may direct. ‘‘(3) C
HAIRPERSON ; MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Secretary or a designee may serve as chairperson of a De-partment leadership council. ‘‘(B) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Secretary shall de-termine the membership of a Department leadership council. ‘‘(4) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FORUMS .—The Secretary or Deputy Secretary may delegate the authority to direct the implementation of any decision or guidance resulting from the action of a Department leadership coun-cil to any office, component, coordinator, or other senior official of the Department. ‘‘(c) J
OINT REQUIREMENTS COUNCIL .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Department a Joint Require-ments Council. ‘‘(2) M
ISSION .—In addition to other matters assigned to it by the Secretary and Deputy Secretary, the Joint Requirements Council shall— ‘‘(A) identify, assess, and validate joint re-quirements (including existing systems and associated capability gaps) to meet mission needs of the Department; ‘‘(B) ensure that appropriate efficiencies are made among life-cycle cost, schedule, and performance objectives, and procure-ment quantity objectives, in the establish-ment and approval of joint requirements; and ‘‘(C) make prioritized capability rec-ommendations for the joint requirements validated under subparagraph (A) to the Sec-retary, the Deputy Secretary, or the chair-person of a Department leadership council designated by the Secretary to review deci-sions of the Joint Requirements Council. ‘‘(3) CHAIR.—The Secretary shall appoint a chairperson of the Joint Requirements Coun-cil, for a term of not more than 2 years, from among senior officials from components of the Department or other senior officials as designated by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) C
OMPOSITION .—The Joint Require-ments Council shall be composed of senior officials representing components of the De-partment and other senior officials as des-ignated by the Secretary. ‘‘(5) R
ELATIONSHIP TO FUTURE YEARS HOME -
LAND SECURITY PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall ensure that the Future Years Home-land Security Program required under sec-tion 874 is consistent with the recommenda-tions of the Joint Requirements Council under paragraph (2)(C) of this subsection, as affirmed by the Secretary, the Deputy Sec-retary, or the chairperson of a Department leadership council designated by the Sec-retary under that paragraph. ‘‘(d) J
OINT OPERATIONAL PLANS .— ‘‘(1) P
LANNING AND GUIDANCE .—The Sec- retary may direct the development of Joint Operational Plans for the Department and issue planning guidance for such develop-ment. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall ensure coordination between requirements derived from Joint Operational Plans and the Future Years Homeland Security Pro-gram required under section 874. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this sub-section shall be construed to affect the na-tional emergency management authorities and responsibilities of the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency under title V. ‘‘(e) J
OINT TASKFORCES .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may establish and operate Departmental Joint Task Forces to conduct joint operations using personnel and capabilities of the De-partment. ‘‘(2) J
OINT TASK FORCE DIRECTORS .— ‘‘(A) D
IRECTOR .—Each Joint Task Force shall be headed by a Director appointed by the Secretary for a term of not more than 2 years, who shall be a senior official of the Department. ‘‘(B) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may ex-tend the appointment of a Director of a Joint Task Force for not more than 2 years if the Secretary determines that such an ex-tension is in the best interest of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(3) J
OINT TASK FORCE DEPUTY DIRECTORS .— For each Joint Task Force, the Secretary shall appoint a Deputy Director who shall be an official of a different component or office of the Department than the Director of the Joint Task Force. ‘‘(4) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Director of a Joint Task Force, subject to the oversight, direction, and guidance of the Secretary, shall— ‘‘(A) maintain situational awareness with-in the areas of responsibility of the Joint Task Force, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(B) provide operational plans and require-ments for standard operating procedures and contingency operations; ‘‘(C) plan and execute joint task force ac-tivities within the areas of responsibility of the Joint Task Force, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(D) set and accomplish strategic objec-tives through integrated operational plan-ning and execution; ‘‘(E) exercise operational direction over personnel and equipment from components and offices of the Department allocated to the Joint Task Force to accomplish the ob-jectives of the Joint Task Force; ‘‘(F) establish operational and investiga-tive priorities within the operating areas of the Joint Task Force; ‘‘(G) coordinate with foreign governments and other Federal, State, and local agencies, as appropriate, to carry out the mission of the Joint Task Force; and ‘‘(H) carry out other duties and powers the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(5) PERSONNEL AND RESOURCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may, upon request of the Director of a Joint Task Force, and giving appropriate consideration of risk to the other primary missions of the Department, allocate on a temporary basis personnel and equipment of components and offices of the Department to a Joint Task Force. ‘‘(B) C
OST NEUTRALITY .—A Joint Task Force may not require more personnel, equipment, or resources than would be re-quired by components of the Department in the absence of the Joint Task Force. ‘‘(C) L
OCATION OF OPERATIONS .—In estab- lishing a location of operations for a Joint Task Force, the Secretary shall, to the ex-tent practicable, use existing facilities that integrate efforts of components of the De-partment and State, local, tribal, or terri-torial law enforcement or military entities. ‘‘(D) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall, at the time the budget of the President is sub-mitted to Congress for a fiscal year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, submit to the congressional homeland security committees a report on the total funding, personnel, and other resources that each component of the Department allocated to each Joint Task Force to carry out the mission of the Joint Task Force during the fiscal year immediately preceding the re-port. ‘‘(6) C
OMPONENT RESOURCE AUTHORITY .—As directed by the Secretary— ‘‘(A) each Director of a Joint Task Force shall be provided sufficient resources from relevant components and offices of the De-partment and the authority necessary to carry out the missions and responsibilities required under this section; ‘‘(B) the resources referred to in subpara-graph (A) shall be under the operational au-thority, direction, and control of the Direc-tor of the Joint Task Force to which the re-sources are assigned; and ‘‘(C) the personnel and equipment of each Joint Task Force shall remain under the ad-ministrative direction of the executive agent for the Joint Task Force. ‘‘(7) J
OINT TASK FORCE STAFF .—Each Joint Task Force shall have a staff, composed of officials from relevant components, to assist the Director in carrying out the mission and responsibilities of the Joint Task Force. ‘‘(8) E
STABLISHMENT OF PERFORMANCE  
METRICS .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) establish outcome-based and other ap-propriate performance metrics to evaluate the effectiveness of each Joint Task Force; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.040 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3570 June 7, 2016 
‘‘(B) not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this section, submit the metrics established under subparagraph (A) to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(C) not later than January 31, 2017, and each year thereafter, submit to each com-mittee described in subparagraph (B) a re-port that contains the evaluation described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(9) J
OINT DUTY TRAINING PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) establish a joint duty training pro-gram in the Department for the purposes of— ‘‘(I) enhancing coordination within the De-partment; and ‘‘(II) promoting workforce professional de-velopment; and ‘‘(ii) tailor the joint duty training program to improve joint operations as part of the Joint Task Forces. ‘‘(B) E
LEMENTS .—The joint duty training program established under subparagraph (A) shall address, at a minimum, the following topics: ‘‘(i) National security strategy. ‘‘(ii) Strategic and contingency planning. ‘‘(iii) Command and control of operations under joint command. ‘‘(iv) International engagement. ‘‘(v) The homeland security enterprise. ‘‘(vi) Interagency collaboration. ‘‘(vii) Leadership. ‘‘(viii) Specific subject matter relevant to the Joint Task Force to which the joint duty training program is assigned. ‘‘(C) T
RAINING REQUIRED .— ‘‘(i) D
IRECTORS AND DEPUTY DIRECTORS .— Except as provided in clauses (iii) and (iv), an individual shall complete the joint duty training program before being appointed Di-rector or Deputy Director of a Joint Task Force. ‘‘(ii) J
OINT TASK FORCE STAFF .—Each offi-cial serving on the staff of a Joint Task Force shall complete the joint duty training program within the first year of assignment to the Joint Task Force. ‘‘(iii) E
XCEPTION .—Clause (i) shall not apply to the first Director or Deputy Direc-tor appointed to a Joint Task Force on or after the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(iv) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive clause (i) if the Secretary determines that such a waiver is in the interest of homeland security. ‘‘(10) E
STABLISHING JOINT TASK FORCES .— Subject to paragraph (13), the Secretary may establish Joint Task Forces for the purposes of— ‘‘(A) coordinating and directing operations along the land and maritime borders of the United States; ‘‘(B) cybersecurity; and ‘‘(C) preventing, preparing for, and re-sponding to other homeland security mat-ters, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(11) N
OTIFICATION OF JOINT TASK FORCE  
FORMATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days before establishing a Joint Task Force under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit a notification to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(B) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may waive the requirement under subpara-graph (A) in the event of an emergency cir-cumstance that imminently threatens the protection of human life or the protection of property. ‘‘(12) R
EVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Inspector General of the Department shall conduct a review of the Joint Task Forces established under this subsection. ‘‘(B) CONTENTS .—The review required under subparagraph (A) shall include— ‘‘(i) an assessment of the effectiveness of the structure of each Joint Task Force; and ‘‘(ii) recommendations for enhancements to that structure to strengthen the effective-ness of the Joint Task Force. ‘‘(C) S
UBMISSION .—The Inspector General of the Department shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives— ‘‘(i) an initial report that contains the evaluation described in subparagraph (A) by not later than January 31, 2018; and ‘‘(ii) a second report that contains the evaluation described in subparagraph (A) by not later than January 31, 2021. ‘‘(13) L
IMITATION ON JOINT TASK FORCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not establish a Joint Task Force for any major disaster or emergency declared under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) or an incident for which the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency has primary re-sponsibility for management of the response under title V of this Act, including section 504(a)(3)(A), unless the responsibilities of the Joint Task Force— ‘‘(i) do not include operational functions related to incident management, including coordination of operations; and ‘‘(ii) are consistent with the requirements of paragraphs (3) and (4)(A) of section 503(c) and section 509(c) of this Act and section 302 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5143). ‘‘(B) R
ESPONSIBILITIES AND FUNCTIONS NOT  
REDUCED .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to reduce the responsibilities or functions of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency or the Administrator thereof under title V of this Act and any other provi-sion of law, including the diversion of any asset, function, or mission from the Federal Emergency Management Agency or the Ad-ministrator thereof pursuant to section 506. ‘‘(f) J
OINT DUTY ASSIGNMENT PROGRAM .— The Secretary may establish a joint duty as-signment program within the Department for the purposes of enhancing coordination in the Department and promoting workforce professional development.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 707 the following: ‘‘Sec. 708. Department coordination.’’. 
SEC. 6103. NATIONAL OPERATIONS CENTER. 
Section 515 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321d) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘emergency managers and decision makers’’ and inserting ‘‘emergency managers, decision makers, and other appro-priate officials’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and steady-state activ-ity’’ before the period at the end; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘and tribal governments’’ and inserting ‘‘tribal, and territorial govern-ments, the private sector, and international partners’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘in the event of’’ and in-serting ‘‘for events, threats, and incidents involving’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) enter into agreements with other Fed-eral operations centers and other homeland security partners, as appropriate, to facili-tate the sharing of information.’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (4) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Each Fed-eral agency shall provide the National Oper-ations Center with timely information— ‘‘(1) relating to events, threats, and inci-dents involving a natural disaster, act of ter-rorism, or other man-made disaster; ‘‘(2) concerning the status and potential vulnerability of the critical infrastructure and key resources of the United States; ‘‘(3) relevant to the mission of the Depart-ment ; or ‘‘(4) as may be requested by the Secretary under section 202.’’; and (5) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
IRESERVICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘E MERGENCY  R
ESPONDER ’’; (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OF POSITIONS .—The Secretary shall establish a position, on a ro-tating basis, for a representative of State and local emergency responders at the Na-tional Operations Center established under subsection (b) to ensure the effective sharing of information between the Federal Govern-ment and State and local emergency re-sponse services.’’; (C) by striking paragraph (2); and (D) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). 
SEC. 6104. HOMELAND SECURITY ADVISORY COUNCIL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 102(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) shall establish a Homeland Security Advisory Council to provide advice and rec-ommendations on homeland security and homeland security-related matters.’’. 
SEC. 6105. STRATEGY, POLICY, AND PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 709. OFFICE OF STRATEGY, POLICY, AND PLANS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established in the Department an Office of Strategy, Pol-icy, and Plans. ‘‘(b) H
EAD OF OFFICE .—The Office of Strat-egy, Policy, and Plans shall be headed by an Under Secretary for Strategy, Policy, and Plans, who shall serve as the principal policy advisor to the Secretary and be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. ‘‘(c) F
UNCTIONS .—The Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans shall— ‘‘(1) lead, conduct, and coordinate Depart-ment-wide policy development and imple-mentation and strategic planning; ‘‘(2) develop and coordinate policies to pro-mote and ensure quality, consistency, and integration for the programs, offices, and ac-tivities across the Department; ‘‘(3) develop and coordinate strategic plans and long-term goals of the Department with risk-based analysis and planning to improve operational mission effectiveness, including leading and conducting the quadrennial homeland security review under section 707; ‘‘(4) manage Department leadership coun-cils and provide analytics and support to such councils; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.040 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3571 June 7, 2016 
‘‘(5) manage international coordination and engagement for the Department; ‘‘(6) review and incorporate, as appro-priate, external stakeholder feedback into Department policy; and ‘‘(7) carry out such other responsibilities as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION BY DEPARTMENT COMPO -
NENTS .—To ensure consistency with the pol-icy priorities of the Department, the head of each component of the Department shall co-ordinate with the Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans in establishing or modifying poli-cies or strategic planning guidance. ‘‘(e) H
OMELAND SECURITY STATISTICS AND  J
OINT ANALYSIS .— ‘‘(1) H
OMELAND SECURITY STATISTICS .—The Under Secretary for Strategy, Policy, and Plans shall— ‘‘(A) establish standards of reliability and validity for statistical data collected and analyzed by the Department; ‘‘(B) be provided with statistical data maintained by the Department regarding the operations of the Department; ‘‘(C) conduct or oversee analysis and re-porting of such data by the Department as required by law or directed by the Secretary; and ‘‘(D) ensure the accuracy of metrics and statistical data provided to Congress. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF RESPONSIBILITIES .—There shall be transferred to the Under Secretary for Strategy, Policy, and Plans the mainte-nance of all immigration statistical informa-tion of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices, which shall include information and statistics of the type contained in the publi-cation entitled ‘Yearbook of Immigration Statistics’ prepared by the Office of Immi-gration Statistics, including region-by-re-gion statistics on the aggregate number of applications and petitions filed by an alien (or filed on behalf of an alien) and denied, and the reasons for such denials, disaggregated by category of denial and ap-plication or petition type.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135)is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 708 the following: ‘‘Sec. 709. Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans.’’. 
SEC. 6106. AUTHORIZATION OF THE OFFICE FOR PARTNERSHIPS AGAINST VIOLENT EXTREMISM OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— (1) by inserting after section 801 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 802. OFFICE FOR PARTNERSHIPS AGAINST VIOLENT EXTREMISM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-trator’ means the Administrator of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘As-sistant Secretary’ means the Assistant Sec-retary for Partnerships Against Violent Ex-tremism designated under subsection (c). ‘‘(3) C
OUNTERING VIOLENT EXTREMISM .—The term ‘countering violent extremism’ means proactive and relevant actions to counter re-cruitment, radicalization, and mobilization to violence and to address the immediate factors that lead to violent extremism and radicalization. ‘‘(4) D
OMESTIC TERRORISM ; INTERNATIONAL  
TERRORISM .—The terms ‘domestic terrorism’ and ‘international terrorism’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 2331 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(5) R
ADICALIZATION .—The term ‘radicalization’ means the process by which an individual chooses to facilitate or commit domestic terrorism or international ter-rorism. ‘‘(6) VIOLENT EXTREMISM .—The term ‘vio-lent extremism’ means international or do-mestic terrorism. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is in the De-partment an Office for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism. ‘‘(c) H
EAD OF OFFICE .—The Office for Part-nerships Against Violent Extremism shall be headed by an Assistant Secretary for Part-nerships Against Violent Extremism, who shall be designated by the Secretary and re-port directly to the Secretary. ‘‘(d) D
EPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY ; AS-
SIGNMENT OF PERSONNEL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) designate a career Deputy Assistant Secretary for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism; and ‘‘(2) assign or hire, as appropriate, perma-nent staff to the Office for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism. ‘‘(e) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary shall be responsible for the following: ‘‘(A) Leading the efforts of the Department to counter violent extremism across all the components and offices of the Department that conduct strategic and supportive efforts to counter violent extremism. Such efforts shall include the following: ‘‘(i) Partnering with communities to ad-dress vulnerabilities that can be exploited by violent extremists in the United States and explore potential remedies for government and nongovernment institutions. ‘‘(ii) Working with civil society groups and communities to counter violent extremist propaganda, messaging, or recruitment. ‘‘(iii) In coordination with the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the De-partment, managing the outreach and en-gagement efforts of the Department directed toward communities at risk for radicalization and recruitment for violent extremist activities. ‘‘(iv) Ensuring relevant information, re-search, and products inform efforts to counter violent extremism. ‘‘(v) Developing and maintaining Depart-ment-wide strategy, plans, policies, and pro-grams to counter violent extremism. Such plans shall, at a minimum, address each of the following: ‘‘(I) The Department’s plan to leverage new and existing Internet and other technologies and social media platforms to improve non-government efforts to counter violent extre-mism, as well as the best practices and les-sons learned from other Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, and foreign partners engaged in similar counter-messaging ef-forts. ‘‘(II) The Department’s countering violent extremism-related engagement efforts. ‘‘(III) The use of cooperative agreements with State, local, tribal, territorial, and other Federal departments and agencies re-sponsible for efforts relating to countering violent extremism. ‘‘(vi) Coordinating with the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the Department to ensure all of the activities of the Depart-ment related to countering violent extre-mism fully respect the privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties of all persons. ‘‘(vii) In coordination with the Under Sec-retary for Science and Technology and in consultation with the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, identifying and recommending new empirical research and analysis requirements to ensure the dissemi-nation of information and methods for Fed-eral, State, local, tribal, and territorial countering violent extremism practitioners, officials, law enforcement personnel, and nongovernmental partners to utilize such re-search and analysis. ‘‘(viii) Assessing the methods used by vio-lent extremists to disseminate propaganda and messaging to communities at risk for re-cruitment by violent extremists. ‘‘(B) Developing a digital engagement strategy that expands the outreach efforts of the Department to counter violent extremist messaging by— ‘‘(i) exploring ways to utilize relevant Internet and other technologies and social media platforms; and ‘‘(ii) maximizing other resources available to the Department. ‘‘(C) Serving as the primary representative of the Department in coordinating coun-tering violent extremism efforts with other Federal departments and agencies and non-governmental organizations. ‘‘(D) Serving as the primary Department- level representative in coordinating with the Department of State on international coun-tering violent extremism issues. ‘‘(E) In coordination with the Adminis-trator, providing guidance regarding the use of grants made to State, local, and tribal governments under sections 2003 and 2004 under the allowable uses guidelines related to countering violent extremism. ‘‘(F) Developing a plan to expand philan-thropic support for domestic efforts related to countering violent extremism, including by identifying viable community projects and needs for possible philanthropic support. ‘‘(2) C
OMMUNITIES AT RISK .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘communities at risk’ shall not include a community that is determined to be at risk solely on the basis of race, religious affiliation, or ethnicity. ‘‘(f) S
TRATEGY TOCOUNTER VIOLENT EXTRE -
MISM IN THE UNITED STATES .— ‘‘(1) S
TRATEGY .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on the Ju-diciary of the House of Representatives a comprehensive Department strategy to counter violent extremism in the United States. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF STRATEGY .—The strategy required under paragraph (1) shall, at a min-imum, address each of the following: ‘‘(A) The Department’s digital engagement effort, including a plan to leverage new and existing Internet, digital, and other tech-nologies and social media platforms to counter violent extremism, as well as the best practices and lessons learned from other Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, non-governmental, and foreign partners engaged in similar counter-messaging activities. ‘‘(B) The Department’s countering violent extremism-related engagement and outreach activities. ‘‘(C) The use of cooperative agreements with State, local, tribal, territorial, and other Federal departments and agencies re-sponsible for activities relating to coun-tering violent extremism. ‘‘(D) Ensuring all activities related to countering violent extremism adhere to rel-evant Department and applicable Depart-ment of Justice guidance regarding privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties, including safeguards against discrimination. ‘‘(E) The development of qualitative and quantitative outcome-based metrics to evaluate the Department’s programs and policies to counter violent extremism. ‘‘(F) An analysis of the homeland security risk posed by violent extremism based on the threat environment and empirical data as-sessing terrorist activities and incidents, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.040 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3572 June 7, 2016 
violent extremist propaganda, messaging, or recruitment. ‘‘(G) Information on the Department’s near-term, mid-term, and long-term risk- based goals for countering violent extre-mism, reflecting the risk analysis conducted under subparagraph (F). ‘‘(3) S
TRATEGIC CONSIDERATIONS .—In draft- ing the strategy required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider including the following: ‘‘(A) Departmental efforts to undertake re-search to improve the Department’s under-standing of the risk of violent extremism and to identify ways to improve countering violent extremism activities and programs, including outreach, training, and informa-tion sharing programs. ‘‘(B) The Department’s nondiscrimination policies as they relate to countering violent extremism. ‘‘(C) Departmental efforts to help promote community engagement and partnerships to counter violent extremism in furtherance of the strategy. ‘‘(D) Departmental efforts to help increase support for programs and initiatives to counter violent extremism of other Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, nongovern-mental, and foreign partners that are in fur-therance of the strategy, and which adhere to all relevant constitutional, legal, and pri-vacy protections. ‘‘(E) Departmental efforts to disseminate to local law enforcement agencies and the general public information on resources, such as training guidance, workshop reports, and the violent extremist threat, through multiple platforms, including the develop-ment of a dedicated webpage, and informa-tion regarding the effectiveness of those ef-forts. ‘‘(F) Departmental efforts to use coopera-tive agreements with State, local, tribal, ter-ritorial, and other Federal departments and agencies responsible for efforts relating to countering violent extremism, and informa-tion regarding the effectiveness of those ef-forts. ‘‘(G) Information on oversight mechanisms and protections to ensure that activities and programs undertaken pursuant to the strat-egy adhere to all relevant constitutional, legal, and privacy protections. ‘‘(H) Departmental efforts to conduct over-sight of all countering violent extremism training and training materials and other re-sources developed or funded by the Depart-ment. ‘‘(I) Departmental efforts to foster trans-parency by making, to the extent prac-ticable, all regulations, guidance, docu-ments, policies, and training materials pub-licly available, including through any webpage developed under subparagraph (E). ‘‘(4) S
TRATEGIC IMPLEMENTATION PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary sub-mits the strategy required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives an implementation plan for each of the compo-nents and offices of the Department with re-sponsibilities under the strategy. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The implementation plan required under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude an integrated master schedule and cost estimate for activities and programs con-tained in the implementation plan, with specificity on how each such activity and program aligns with near-term, mid-term, and long-term goals specified in the strategy required under paragraph (1). ‘‘(g) ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than April 1, 2017, and annually thereafter, the Assist-ant Secretary shall submit to Congress an annual report on the Office for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism, which shall in-clude the following: ‘‘(1) A description of the status of the pro-grams and policies of the Department for countering violent extremism in the United States. ‘‘(2) A description of the efforts of the Of-fice for Partnerships Against Violent Extre-mism to cooperate with and provide assist-ance to other Federal departments and agen-cies. ‘‘(3) Qualitative and quantitative metrics for evaluating the success of such programs and policies and the steps taken to evaluate the success of such programs and policies. ‘‘(4) An accounting of— ‘‘(A) grants and cooperative agreements awarded by the Department to counter vio-lent extremism; and ‘‘(B) all training specifically aimed at countering violent extremism sponsored by the Department. ‘‘(5) An analysis of how the Department’s activities to counter violent extremism cor-respond and adapt to the threat environ-ment. ‘‘(6) A summary of how civil rights and civil liberties are protected in the Depart-ment’s activities to counter violent extre-mism. ‘‘(7) An evaluation of the use of section 2003 and section 2004 grants and cooperative agreements awarded to support efforts of local communities in the United States to counter violent extremism, including infor-mation on the effectiveness of such grants and cooperative agreements in countering violent extremism. ‘‘(8) A description of how the Office for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism in-corporated lessons learned from the coun-tering violent extremism programs and poli-cies of foreign, State, local, tribal, and terri-torial governments and stakeholder commu-nities. ‘‘(h) A
NNUAL REVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, and every year thereafter, the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the De-partment shall— ‘‘(1) conduct a review of the Office for Part-nerships Against Violent Extremism activi-ties to ensure that all of the activities of the Office related to countering violent extre-mism respect the privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties of all persons; and ‘‘(2) make publicly available on the website of the Department a report containing the results of the review conducted under para-graph (1).’’; and (2) in section 2008(b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) to support any organization or group which has knowingly or recklessly funded domestic terrorism or international ter-rorism (as those terms are defined in section 2331 of title 18, United States Code) or orga-nization or group known to engage in or re-cruit to such activities, as determined by the Assistant Secretary for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism in consultation with the Administrator and the heads of other appro-priate Federal departments and agencies.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135)is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 801 the following: ‘‘Sec. 802. Office for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism.’’. (c) SUNSET .—Effective on the date that is 7 years after the date of enactment of this Act— (1) section 802 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a), is re-pealed; and (2) the table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 802. TITLE LXXII—DEPARTMENT ACCOUNT-ABILITY, EFFICIENCY, AND WORKFORCE REFORMS 
SEC. 6201. DUPLICATION REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall— (1) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, complete a review of the international affairs offices, functions, and responsibilities of the Department to identify and eliminate areas of unnecessary duplication; and (2) not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary completes the review under paragraph (1), provide the results of the review to the congressional homeland se-curity committees. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional homeland security committees an action plan, including corrective steps and an esti-mated date of completion, to address areas of duplication, fragmentation, and overlap and opportunities for cost savings and revenue enhancement, as identified by the Govern-ment Accountability Office based on the an-nual report of the Government Account-ability Office entitled ‘‘Additional Opportu-nities to Reduce Fragmentation, Overlap, and Duplication and Achieve Other Financial Benefits’’. (c) E
XCLUSION .—This section shall not apply to international activities related to the protective mission of the United States Secret Service, or to the Coast Guard when operating under the direct authority of the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of the Navy. 
SEC. 6202. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY STRA-TEGIC PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 703 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 343) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) S
TRATEGIC PLANS .—Consistent with the timing set forth in section 306(a) of title 5, United States Code, and the requirements under section 3506 of title 44, United States Code, the Chief Information Officer shall de-velop, make public, and submit to the con-gressional homeland security committees an information technology strategic plan, which shall include how— ‘‘(1) information technology will be lever-aged to meet the priority goals and strategic objectives of the Department; ‘‘(2) the budget of the Department aligns with priorities specified in the information technology strategic plan; ‘‘(3) unnecessarily duplicative, legacy, and outdated information technology within and across the Department will be identified and eliminated, and an estimated date for the identification and elimination of duplicative information technology within and across the Department; ‘‘(4) the Chief Information Officer will co-ordinate with components of the Department to ensure that information technology poli-cies are effectively and efficiently imple-mented across the Department; ‘‘(5) a list of information technology projects, including completion dates, will be made available to the public and Congress; ‘‘(6) the Chief Information Officer will in-form Congress of high risk projects and cy-bersecurity risks; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.040 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3573 June 7, 2016 
‘‘(7) the Chief Information Officer plans to maximize the use and purchase of commer-cial off-the-shelf information technology products and services.’’. 
SEC. 6203. SOFTWARE LICENSING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 703 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 343), as amended by section 6202 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) S
OFTWARE LICENSING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this sub-section, and every 2 years thereafter, the Chief Information Officer, in consultation with Chief Information Officers of compo-nents of the Department, shall— ‘‘(A) conduct a Department-wide inventory of all existing software licenses held by the Department, including utilized and unuti-lized licenses; ‘‘(B) assess the needs of the Department for software licenses for the subsequent 2 fiscal years; ‘‘(C) assess the actions that could be car-ried out by the Department to achieve the greatest possible economies of scale and cost savings in the procurement of software li-censes; ‘‘(D) determine how the use of techno-logical advancements will impact the needs for software licenses for the subsequent 2 fis-cal years; ‘‘(E) establish plans and estimated costs for eliminating unutilized software licenses for the subsequent 2 fiscal years; and ‘‘(F) consult with the Federal Chief Infor-mation Officer to identify best practices in the Federal Government for purchasing and maintaining software licenses. ‘‘(2) E
XCESS SOFTWARE LICENSING .— ‘‘(A) P
LAN TO REDUCE SOFTWARE LICENSES .— If the Chief Information Officer determines through the inventory conducted under para-graph (1)(A) that the number of software li-censes held by the Department exceed the needs of the Department as assessed under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary, not later than 90 days after the date on which the in-ventory is completed, shall establish a plan for bringing the number of such software li-censes into balance with such needs of the Department. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION ON PROCUREMENT OF EX -
CESS SOFTWARE LICENSES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), upon completion of a plan estab-lished under subparagraph (A), no additional budgetary resources may be obligated for the procurement of additional software licenses of the same types until such time as the needs of the Department equals or exceeds the number of used and unused licenses held by the Department. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—The Chief Information Officer may authorize the purchase of addi-tional licenses and amend the number of needed licenses as necessary. ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Chief Information Officer shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a copy of each inventory conducted under paragraph (1)(A), each plan established under paragraph (2)(A), and each exception exercised under paragraph (2)(B)(ii).’’. (b) GAO R
EVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the results of the first inventory are submitted to Congress under subsection 703(d) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall assess whether the Department com-plied with the requirements under para-graphs (1) and (2)(A) of such section 703(d) and provide the results of the review to the congressional homeland security commit-tees. SEC. 6204. WORKFORCE STRATEGY. 
Section 704 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 343) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 704. CHIEF HUMAN CAPITAL OFFICER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is a Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department, who shall report directly to the Under Secretary for Management. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—In addition to the responsibilities set forth in chapter 14 of title 5, United States Code, and other appli-cable law, the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department shall— ‘‘(1) develop and implement strategic workforce planning policies that are con-sistent with Government-wide leading prin-ciples and in line with Department strategic human capital goals and priorities; ‘‘(2) develop performance measures to pro-vide a basis for monitoring and evaluating Department-wide strategic workforce plan-ning efforts; ‘‘(3) develop, improve, and implement poli-cies, including compensation flexibilities available to Federal agencies where appro-priate, to recruit, hire, train, and retain the workforce of the Department, in coordina-tion with all components of the Department; ‘‘(4) identify methods for managing and overseeing human capital programs and ini-tiatives, in coordination with the head of each component of the Department; ‘‘(5) develop a career path framework and create opportunities for leader development in coordination with all components of the Department; ‘‘(6) lead the efforts of the Department for managing employee resources, including training and development opportunities, in coordination with each component of the De-partment; ‘‘(7) work to ensure the Department is im-plementing human capital programs and ini-tiatives and effectively educating each com-ponent of the Department about these pro-grams and initiatives; ‘‘(8) identify and eliminate unnecessary and duplicative human capital policies and guidance; ‘‘(9) provide input concerning the hiring and performance of the Chief Human Capital Officer or comparable official in each compo-nent of the Department; and ‘‘(10) ensure that all employees of the De-partment are informed of their rights and remedies under chapters 12 and 23 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(c) C
OMPONENT STRATEGIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each component of the Department shall, in coordination with the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Depart-ment, develop a 5-year workforce strategy for the component that will support the goals, objectives, and performance measures of the Department for determining the prop-er balance of Federal employees and private labor resources. ‘‘(2) S
TRATEGY REQUIREMENTS .—In devel- oping the strategy required under paragraph (1), each component shall consider the effect on human resources associated with creating additional Federal full-time equivalent posi-tions, converting private contractors to Fed-eral employees, or relying on the private sec-tor for goods and services, including— ‘‘(A) hiring projections, including occupa-tion and grade level, as well as corresponding salaries, benefits, and hiring or retention bo-nuses; ‘‘(B) the identification of critical skills re-quirements over the 5-year period, any cur-rent or anticipated deficiency in critical skills required at the Department, and the training or other measures required to ad-dress those deficiencies in skills; ‘‘(C) recruitment of qualified candidates and retention of qualified employees; ‘‘(D) supervisory and management require-ments; ‘‘(E) travel and related personnel support costs; ‘‘(F) the anticipated cost and impact on mission performance associated with replac-ing Federal personnel due to their retire-ment or other attrition; and ‘‘(G) other appropriate factors. ‘‘(d) ANNUAL SUBMISSION .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary submits the annual budget justification for the Department, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional homeland security com-mittees a report that includes a table, delin-eated by component with actual and enacted amounts, including— ‘‘(1) information on the progress within the Department of fulfilling the workforce strat-egies developed under subsection (c); and ‘‘(2) the number of on-board staffing for Federal employees from the prior fiscal year; ‘‘(3) the total contract hours submitted by each prime contractor as part of the service contract inventory required under section 743 of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2010 (divi-sion C of Public Law 111–117; 31 U.S.C. 501 note) with respect to— ‘‘(A) support service contracts; ‘‘(B) federally funded research and develop-ment center contracts; and ‘‘(C) science, engineering, technical, and administrative contracts; and ‘‘(4) the number of full-time equivalent personnel identified under the Intergovern-mental Personnel Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.).’’. 
SEC. 6205. WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 883 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 463) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 883. WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘new employee’ means an in-dividual— ‘‘(A) appointed to a position as an em-ployee of the Department on or after the date of enactment of the DHS Account-ability Act of 2016; and ‘‘(B) who has not previously served as an employee of the Department; ‘‘(2) the term ‘prohibited personnel action’ means taking or failing to take an action in violation of paragraph (8) or (9) of section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, against an employee of the Department; ‘‘(3) the term ‘supervisor’ means a super-visor, as defined under section 7103(a) of title 5, United States Code, who is employed by the Department; and ‘‘(4) the term ‘whistleblower protections’ means the protections against and remedies for a prohibited personnel practice described in paragraph (8) or subparagraph (A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of paragraph (9) of section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(b) A
DVERSE ACTIONS .— ‘‘(1) P
ROPOSED ADVERSE ACTIONS .—In ac- cordance with paragraph (2), the Secretary shall propose against a supervisor whom the Secretary, an administrative law judge, the Merit Systems Protection Board, the Office of Special Counsel, an adjudicating body pro-vided under a union contract, a Federal judge, or the Inspector General of the De-partment determines committed a prohib-ited personnel action the following adverse actions: ‘‘(A) With respect to the first prohibited personnel action, an adverse action that is not less than a 12-day suspension. ‘‘(B) With respect to the second prohibited personnel action, removal. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.040 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3574 June 7, 2016 
‘‘(A) N OTICE .—A supervisor against whom an adverse action under paragraph (1) is pro-posed is entitled to written notice. ‘‘(B) A
NSWER AND EVIDENCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A supervisor who is noti-fied under subparagraph (A) that the super-visor is the subject of a proposed adverse ac-tion under paragraph (1) is entitled to 14 days following such notification to answer and furnish evidence in support of the an-swer. ‘‘(ii) N
O EVIDENCE .—After the end of the 14- day period described in clause (i), if a super-visor does not furnish evidence as described in clause (i) or if the Secretary determines that such evidence is not sufficient to re-verse the proposed adverse action, the Sec-retary shall carry out the adverse action. ‘‘(C) S
COPE OF PROCEDURES .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and subsection (c) of section 7513 of title 5, United States Code, and paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and subsection (c) of section 7543 of title 5, United States Code, shall not apply with re-spect to an adverse action carried out under this subsection. ‘‘(3) N
O LIMITATION ON OTHER ADVERSE AC -
TIONS .—With respect to a prohibited per-sonnel action, if the Secretary carries out an adverse action against a supervisor under an-other provision of law, the Secretary may carry out an additional adverse action under this subsection based on the same prohibited personnel action. ‘‘(c) T
RAINING FOR SUPERVISORS .—In con- sultation with the Special Counsel and the Inspector General of the Department, the Secretary shall provide training regarding how to respond to complaints alleging a vio-lation of whistleblower protections available to employees of the Department— ‘‘(1) to employees appointed to supervisory positions in the Department who have not previously served as a supervisor; and ‘‘(2) on an annual basis, to all employees of the Department serving in a supervisory po-sition. ‘‘(d) I
NFORMATION ON WHISTLEBLOWER PRO-
TECTIONS .— ‘‘(1) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF SECRETARY .—The Secretary shall be responsible for— ‘‘(A) the prevention of prohibited personnel practices; ‘‘(B) the compliance with and enforcement of applicable civil service laws, rules, and regulations and other aspects of personnel management; and ‘‘(C) ensuring (in consultation with the Special Counsel and the Inspector General of the Department) that employees of the De-partment are informed of the rights and rem-edies available to them under chapters 12 and 23 of title 5, United States Code, includ-ing— ‘‘(i) information regarding whistleblower protections available to new employees dur-ing the probationary period; ‘‘(ii) the role of the Office of Special Coun-sel and the Merit Systems Protection Board with regard to whistleblower protections; and ‘‘(iii) how to make a lawful disclosure of information that is specifically required by law or Executive order to be kept classified in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs to the Special Counsel, the Inspector General of the De-partment, Congress, or other Department employee designated to receive such disclo-sures. ‘‘(2) T
IMING .—The Secretary shall ensure that the information required to be provided under paragraph (1) is provided to each new employee not later than 6 months after the date the new employee is appointed. ‘‘(3) I
NFORMATION ONLINE .—The Secretary shall make available information regarding whistleblower protections applicable to em-ployees of the Department on the public website of the Department, and on any on-line portal that is made available only to employees of the Department. ‘‘(4) DELEGEES .—Any employee to whom the Secretary delegates authority for per-sonnel management, or for any aspect there-of, shall, within the limits of the scope of the delegation, be responsible for the activities described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(e) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to exempt the Department from requirements applicable with respect to executive agencies— ‘‘(1) to provide equal employment protec-tion for employees of the Department (in-cluding pursuant to section 2302(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, and the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C. 2301 note)); or ‘‘(2) to provide whistleblower protections for employees of the Department (including pursuant to paragraphs (8) and (9) of section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, and the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C. 2301 note)).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 883 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 883. Whistleblower protections.’’. 
SEC. 6206. COST SAVINGS AND EFFICIENCY RE-VIEWS. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Manage-ment, shall submit to the congressional homeland security committees a report, which may include a classified or other ap-propriately controlled annex containing any information required to be submitted under this section that is restricted from public disclosure in accordance with Federal law, including information that is not publicly releasable, that— (1) provides a detailed accounting of the management and administrative expendi-tures and activities of each component of the Department and identifies potential cost savings, avoidances, and efficiencies for those expenditures and activities; (2) examines major physical assets of the Department, as defined by the Secretary; (3) reviews the size, experience level, and geographic distribution of the operational personnel of the Department; (4) makes recommendations for adjust-ments in the management and administra-tion of the Department that would reduce deficiencies in the capabilities of the Depart-ment, reduce costs, and enhance efficiencies; and (5) examines— (A) how employees who carry out manage-ment and administrative functions at De-partment headquarters coordinate with em-ployees who carry out similar functions at— (i) each component of the Department; (ii) the Office of Personnel Management; and (iii) the General Services Administration; and (B) whether any unnecessary duplication, overlap, or fragmentation exists with respect to those functions. 
SEC. 6207. ABOLISHMENT OF CERTAIN OFFICES. 
(a) A BOLISHMENT OF THE DIRECTOR OF  S
HARED SERVICES .—The position of Director of Shared Services in the Department is abolished. (b) A
BOLISHMENT OF THE OFFICE OF COUN-
TERNARCOTICS ENFORCEMENT .—The Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 843(b)(1)(B) (6 U.S.C. 413(b)(1)(B)), by striking ‘‘by—’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting ‘‘by the Secretary; and’’; (2) by repealing section 878 (6 U.S.C. 458); and (3) in the table of contents in section 1(b) (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), by strik-ing the item relating to section 878. TITLE LXXIII—DEPARTMENT TRANSPARENCY AND ASSESSMENTS SEC. 6301. HOMELAND SECURITY STATISTICS. 
Section 478(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 298(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘to the Committees on the Judiciary and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives, and to the Committees on the Judici-ary and Government Affairs of the Senate,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Committee on the Judici-ary of the Senate, the Committee on the Ju-diciary of the House of Representatives, and the congressional homeland security com-mittees’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) The number of persons known to have overstayed the terms of their visa, by visa type. ‘‘(J) An estimated percentage of persons believed to have overstayed their visa, by visa type. ‘‘(K) A description of immigration enforce-ment actions.’’. 
SEC. 6302. ANNUAL HOMELAND SECURITY AS-SESSMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 210G. ANNUAL HOMELAND SECURITY AS-SESSMENT. 
‘‘(a) D EPARTMENT ANNUAL ASSESSMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 31 of each year beginning in the year after the date of enactment of this section, and each year thereafter for 7 years, the Under Sec-retary for Intelligence and Analysis shall prepare and submit to the congressional homeland security committees a report as-sessing the current threats to homeland se-curity and the capability of the Department to address those threats. ‘‘(2) F
ORM OF REPORT .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Under Secretary for Intel-ligence and Analysis shall submit an unclas-sified report, and as necessary, a classified annex. ‘‘(b) O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL ANNUAL  A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which a report required under subsection (a) is submitted to the congres-sional homeland security committees, the Inspector General of the Department shall prepare and submit to the congressional homeland security committees a report, which shall include an assessment of the ca-pability of the Department to address the threats identified in the report required under subsection (a) and recommendations for actions to mitigate those threats. ‘‘(c) M
ITIGATION PLAN.—Not later than 90 days after the date on which a report re-quired under subsection (b) is submitted to the congressional homeland security com-mittees, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional homeland security committees a plan to mitigate the threats to homeland security identified in the report.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 210F the following: ‘‘Sec. 210G. Annual homeland security as-sessment.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.040 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3575 June 7, 2016 
SEC. 6303. DEPARTMENT TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) F EASIBILITY STUDY .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall initiate a study to determine the feasibility of gathering data and pro-viding information to Congress on the use of Federal grant awards, for expenditures of more than $5,000, by entities that receive a Federal grant award under the Urban Area Security Initiative and the State Homeland Security Grant Program under sections 2003 and 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604 and 605), respectively. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency shall submit to the congres-sional homeland security committees a re-port on the results of the study required under subsection (a). 
SEC. 6304. TRANSPARENCY IN RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 319. TRANSPARENCY IN RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT TOPUBLICLY LISTUN-
CLASSIFIED RESEARCH & D EVELOPMENT PRO-
GRAMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall maintain a detailed list, accessible on the website of the Department, of— ‘‘(A) each research and development project that is not classified, and all appro-priate details for each such project, includ-ing the component of the Department re-sponsible for the project; ‘‘(B) each task order for a Federally Fund-ed Research and Development Center not as-sociated with a research and development project; and ‘‘(C) each task order for a University-based center of excellence not associated with a re-search and development project. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) O
PERATIONAL SECURITY .—The Sec-retary, or a designee of the Secretary with the rank of Assistant Secretary or above, may exclude a project from the list required under paragraph (1) if the Secretary or such designee provides to the appropriate congres-sional committees— ‘‘(i) the information that would otherwise be required to be publicly posted under para-graph (1); and ‘‘(ii) a written certification that— ‘‘(I) the information that would otherwise be required to be publicly posted under para-graph (1) is controlled unclassified informa-tion, the public dissemination of which would jeopardize operational security; and ‘‘(II) the publicly posted list under para-graph (1) includes as much information about the program as is feasible without jeopardizing operational security. ‘‘(B) C
OMPLETED PROJECTS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to a project completed or otherwise terminated before the date of en-actment of this section. ‘‘(3) D
EADLINE AND UPDATES .—The list re-quired under paragraph (1) shall be— ‘‘(A) made publicly accessible on the website of the Department not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sec-tion; and ‘‘(B) updated as frequently as possible, but not less frequently than once per quarter. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION OF RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .—For purposes of the list required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall pub-lish a definition for the term ‘research and development’ on the website of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT TOREPORT TO CONGRESS  
ONCLASSIFIED PROJECTS .—Not later than January 1, 2017, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that lists each ongoing classified project at the De-partment, including all appropriate details of each such project. ‘‘(c) INDICATORS OF SUCCESS OF  T
RANSITIONED PROJECTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each project that has been transitioned from research and de-velopment to practice, the Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall develop and track indicators to demonstrate the up-take of the technology or project among cus-tomers or end-users. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—To the fullest extent possible, the tracking of a project required under paragraph (1) shall continue for the 3- year period beginning on the date on which the project was transitioned from research and development to practice. ‘‘(3) I
NDICATORS .—The indicators developed and tracked under this subsection shall be included in the list required under sub-section (a). ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
LL APPROPRIATE DETAILS .—The term ‘all appropriate details’ means— ‘‘(A) the name of the project, including both classified and unclassified names if ap-plicable; ‘‘(B) the name of the component carrying out the project; ‘‘(C) an abstract or summary of the project; ‘‘(D) funding levels for the project; ‘‘(E) project duration or timeline; ‘‘(F) the name of each contractor, grantee, or cooperative agreement partner involved in the project; ‘‘(G) expected objectives and milestones for the project; and ‘‘(H) to the maximum extent practicable, relevant literature and patents that are as-sociated with the project. ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(C) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of House of Representa-tives. ‘‘(3) C
LASSIFIED .—The term ‘classified’ means anything containing— ‘‘(A) classified national security informa-tion as defined in section 6.1 of Executive Order 13526 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note) or any suc-cessor order; ‘‘(B) Restricted Data or data that was for-merly Restricted Data, as defined in section 11y. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2014(y)); ‘‘(C) material classified at the Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI) level as defined in section 309 of the Intelligence Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (50 U.S.C. 3345); or ‘‘(D) information relating to a special ac-cess program, as defined in section 6.1 of Ex-ecutive Order 13526 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note) or any successor order. ‘‘(4) C
ONTROLLED UNCLASSIFIED INFORMA -
TION.—The term ‘controlled unclassified in-formation’ means information described as ‘Controlled Unclassified Information’ under Executive Order 13556 (50 U.S.C. 3501 note) or any successor order. ‘‘(5) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘project’ means a research or development project, program, or activity administered by the Department, whether ongoing, completed, or otherwise terminated.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 318 the following: ‘‘Sec. 319. Transparency in research and de-velopment.’’. SEC. 6305. REPORTING ON NATIONAL BIO AND AGRO-DEFENSE FACILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 310 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 190) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) S
UCCESSOR FACILITY .—The National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility, the planned successor facility to the Plum Island Animal Disease Center as of the date of enactment of this subsection, shall be subject to the re-quirements under subsections (b), (c), and (d) in the same manner and to the same extent as the Plum Island Animal Disease Center. ‘‘(f) C
ONSTRUCTION OF THE NATIONAL BIO 
ANDAGRO-DEFENSE FACILITY .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than September 30, 2016, and not less frequently than twice each year thereafter, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security and the Sec-retary of Agriculture shall submit to the congressional homeland security committees a report on the National Bio and Agro-De-fense Facility that includes— ‘‘(A) a review of the status of the construc-tion of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility, including— ‘‘(i) current cost and schedule estimates; ‘‘(ii) any revisions to previous estimates described in clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) total obligations to date; ‘‘(B) a description of activities carried out to prepare for the transfer of research to the facility and the activation of that research; and ‘‘(C) a description of activities that have occurred to decommission the Plum Island Animal Disease Center. ‘‘(2) S
UNSET .—The reporting requirement under paragraph (1) shall terminate on the date that is 1 year after the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security certifies to the congressional homeland security com-mittees that construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility has been com-pleted.’’. (b) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall initiate a review of and submit to Congress a report on the construction and future plan-ning of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility, which shall include— (1) the extent to which cost and schedule estimates for the project conform to capital planning leading practices as determined by the Comptroller General; (2) the extent to which the project’s plan-ning, budgeting, acquisition, and proposed management in use conform to capital plan-ning leading practices as determined by the Comptroller General; and (3) the extent to which disposal of the Plum Island Animal Disease Center con-forms to capital planning leading practices as determined by the Comptroller General. 
SEC. 6306. INSPECTOR GENERAL OVERSIGHT OF SUSPENSION AND DEBARMENT. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department shall— (1) audit the award of grants and procure-ment contracts to identify— (A) instances in which a grant or contract was improperly awarded to a suspended or debarred entity; and (B) whether corrective actions were taken following such instances to prevent recur-rence; and (2) review the suspension and debarment program throughout the Department to as-sess whether— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.040 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3576 June 7, 2016 
(A) suspension and debarment criteria are consistently applied throughout the Depart-ment; and (B) disparities exist in the application of the criteria, particularly with respect to business size and category. 
SEC. 6307. FUTURE YEARS HOMELAND SECURITY PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 874 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 454) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
YEAR’’ and inserting ‘‘ YEARS ’’; (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the budget of the President is submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives (referred to in this section as the ‘appropriate committees’) a Future Years Homeland Security Program that cov-ers the fiscal year for which the budget is submitted and the 4 succeeding fiscal years.’’; and (3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) P
ROJECTION OF ACQUISITION ESTI-
MATES .—On and after February 1, 2018, each Future Years Homeland Security Program shall project— ‘‘(1) acquisition estimates for the fiscal year for which the budget is submitted and the 4 succeeding fiscal years, with specified estimates for each fiscal year, for all major acquisitions by the Department and each component of the Department; and ‘‘(2) estimated annual deployment sched-ules for all physical asset major acquisitions over the 5-fiscal-year period described in paragraph (1) and the full operating capa-bility for all information technology major acquisitions. ‘‘(d) S
ENSITIVE AND CLASSIFIED INFORMA -
TION.—The Secretary may include with each Future Years Homeland Security Program a classified or other appropriately controlled document containing any information re-quired to be submitted under this section that is restricted from public disclosure in accordance with Federal law or any Execu-tive Order. ‘‘(e) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION TO THE  P
UBLIC .—The Secretary shall make available to the public in electronic form the informa-tion required to be submitted to the appro-priate committees under this section, other than information described in subsection (d).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 874 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 874. Future Years Homeland Security Program.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to each fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6308. QUADRENNIAL HOMELAND SECURITY REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 707 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 347) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (6), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) review available capabilities and ca-pacities across the homeland security enter-prise and identify redundant, wasteful, or unnecessary capabilities and capacities from which resources can be redirected to better support other existing capabilities and ca-pacities.’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the budget of the President is submitted to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, for the fiscal year after the fiscal year in which a quadrennial homeland security re-view is conducted under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the quadrennial homeland security re-view.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) by redesignating subparagraph (I) as subparagraph (L); and (iii) by inserting after subparagraph (H) the following: ‘‘(I) a description of how the conclusions under the quadrennial homeland security re-view will inform efforts to develop capabili-ties and build capacity of States, local gov-ernments, Indian tribes, territories, and pri-vate entities, and of individuals, families, and communities; ‘‘(J) proposed changes to the authorities, organization, governance structure, or busi-ness processes (including acquisition proc-esses) of the Department in order to better fulfil responsibilities of the Department; ‘‘(K) if appropriate, a classified or other ap-propriately controlled document containing any information required to be submitted under this paragraph that is restricted from public disclosure in accordance with Federal law, including information that is not pub-licly releasable; and’’. 
SEC. 6309. REPORTING REDUCTION. 
(a) O FFICE OF COUNTERNARCOTICS SEIZURE  R
EPORT .—Section 705(a) of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 1998 (21 U.S.C. 1704(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (3). (b) A
NNUAL REPORT ON ACTIVITIES OF THE  N
ATIONAL NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE .—Sec- tion 1902(a)(13) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 592(a)(13)) is amended by striking ‘‘an annual’’ and inserting ‘‘a bien-nial’’. (c) J
OINT ANNUAL INTERAGENCY REVIEW OF  G
LOBAL NUCLEAR DETECTION ARCHITEC -
TURE .—Section 1907 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 596a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘A
NNUAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘B IENNIAL ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘once each year—’’ and in-serting ‘‘once every other year—’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘the previous year’’ and inserting ‘‘the previous 2 years’’; and (II) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘the pre-vious year.’’ and inserting ‘‘the previous 2 years.’’; and (C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘once each year,’’ and inserting ‘‘once every other year,’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘A
NNUAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘B IENNIAL ’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘of each year,’’ and inserting ‘‘of every other year,’’; and (C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘annual’’ and inserting ‘‘biennial’’. 
SEC. 6310. ADDITIONAL DEFINITIONS. 
Section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (13) through (18) as paragraphs (17) through (22), respectively; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through (12) as paragraphs (12) through (15), respec-tively; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (8) as paragraphs (6) through (10), respec-tively; (4) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), respec-tively; (5) by inserting before paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(1) The term ‘acquisition’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 131 of title 41, United States Code.’’; (6) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated— (A) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘(3)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) The term ‘congressional homeland se-curity committees’ means— ‘‘(i) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(iii) the Subcommittee on Homeland Se-curity of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and ‘‘(iv) the Subcommittee on Homeland Se-curity of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’; (7) by inserting after paragraph (4), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(5) The term ‘best practices’, with respect to acquisition, means a knowledge-based ap-proach to capability development that in-cludes— ‘‘(A) identifying and validating needs; ‘‘(B) assessing alternatives to select the most appropriate solution; ‘‘(C) clearly establishing well-defined re-quirements; ‘‘(D) developing realistic cost assessments and schedules; ‘‘(E) planning stable funding that matches resources to requirements; ‘‘(F) demonstrating technology, design, and manufacturing maturity; ‘‘(G) using milestones and exit criteria or specific accomplishments that demonstrate progress; ‘‘(H) adopting and executing standardized processes with known success across pro-grams; ‘‘(I) establishing an adequate workforce that is qualified and sufficient to perform necessary functions; and ‘‘(J) integrating capabilities into the mis-sion and business operations of the Depart-ment.’’; (8) by inserting after paragraph (10), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(11) The term ‘homeland security enter-prise’ means all relevant governmental and nongovernmental entities involved in home-land security, including Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial government offi-cials, private sector representatives, aca-demics, and other policy experts.’’; and (9) by inserting after paragraph (15), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(16) The term ‘management integration and transformation’— ‘‘(A) means the development of consistent and consolidated functions for information technology, financial management, acquisi-tion management, logistics and material re-source management, asset security, and human capital management; and ‘‘(B) includes governing processes and pro-cedures, management systems, personnel ac-tivities, budget and resource planning, train-ing, real estate management, and provision of security, as they relate to functions cited in subparagraph (A).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.040 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3577 June 7, 2016 
TITLE LXXIV—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 6401. ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Administrative Leave Act of 2016’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) agency use of administrative leave, and leave that is referred to incorrectly as ad-ministrative leave in agency recording prac-tices, has exceeded reasonable amounts— (A) in contravention of— (i) established precedent of the Comp-troller General of the United States; and (ii) guidance provided by the Office of Per-sonnel Management; and (B) resulting in significant cost to the Fed-eral Government; (2) administrative leave should be used sparingly; (3) prior to the use of paid leave to address personnel issues, an agency should consider other actions, including— (A) temporary reassignment; (B) transfer; and (C) telework; (4) an agency should prioritize and expedi-tiously conclude an investigation in which an employee is placed in administrative leave so that, not later than the conclusion of the leave period— (A) the employee is returned to duty sta-tus; or (B) an appropriate personnel action is taken with respect to the employee; (5) data show that there are too many ex-amples of employees placed in administra-tive leave for 6 months or longer, leaving the employees without any available recourse to— (A) return to duty status; or (B) challenge the decision of the agency; (6) an agency should ensure accurate and consistent recording of the use of adminis-trative leave so that administrative leave can be managed and overseen effectively; and (7) other forms of excused absence author-ized by law should be recorded separately from administrative leave, as defined by the amendments made by this section. (c) A
DMINISTRATIVE LEAVE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 6329a. Administrative leave ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘administrative leave’ means leave— ‘‘(A) without loss of or reduction in— ‘‘(i) pay; ‘‘(ii) leave to which an employee is other-wise entitled under law; or ‘‘(iii) credit for time or service; and ‘‘(B) that is not authorized under any other provision of law; ‘‘(2) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) means an Executive agency (as de-fined in section 105 of this title); and ‘‘(B) does not include the Government Ac-countability Office; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘employee’— ‘‘(A) has the meaning given the term in section 2105; and ‘‘(B) does not include an intermittent em-ployee who does not have an established reg-ular tour of duty during the administrative workweek. ‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE LEAVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An agency may place an employee in administrative leave for a pe-riod of not more than 5 consecutive days. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (1) shall be construed to limit the use of leave that is— ‘‘(A) specifically authorized under law; and ‘‘(B) not administrative leave. ‘‘(3) RECORDS .—An agency shall record ad-ministrative leave separately from leave au-thorized under any other provision of law. ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) OPM 
REGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, the Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall— ‘‘(A) prescribe regulations to carry out this section; and ‘‘(B) prescribe regulations that provide guidance to agencies regarding— ‘‘(i) acceptable agency uses of administra-tive leave; and ‘‘(ii) the proper recording of— ‘‘(I) administrative leave; and ‘‘(II) other leave authorized by law. ‘‘(2) A
GENCY ACTION .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Director of the Office of Personnel Management prescribes regulations under paragraph (1), each agency shall revise and implement the internal poli-cies of the agency to meet the requirements of this section. ‘‘(d) R
ELATION TO OTHER LAWS.—Notwith- standing subsection (a) of section 7421 of title 38, this section shall apply to an em-ployee described in subsection (b) of that section.’’. (2) OPM 
STUDY .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, in consultation with Federal agencies, groups representing Federal employees, and other relevant stakeholders, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a re-port identifying agency practices, as of the date of enactment of this Act, of placing an employee in administrative leave for more than 5 consecutive days when the placement was not specifically authorized by law. (3) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 6329 the following: ‘‘6329a. Administrative leave.’’. (d) I
NVESTIGATIVE LEAVE AND NOTICE  L
EAVE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, as amended by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 6329b. Investigative leave and notice leave ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) means an Executive agency (as de-fined in section 105 of this title); and ‘‘(B) does not include the Government Ac-countability Office; ‘‘(2) the term ‘Chief Human Capital Officer’ means— ‘‘(A) the Chief Human Capital Officer of an agency designated or appointed under sec-tion 1401; or ‘‘(B) the equivalent; ‘‘(3) the term ‘committees of jurisdiction’, with respect to an agency, means each com-mittee in the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives with jurisdiction over the agen-cy; ‘‘(4) the term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management; ‘‘(5) the term ‘employee’— ‘‘(A) has the meaning given the term in section 2105; and ‘‘(B) does not include— ‘‘(i) an intermittent employee who does not have an established regular tour of duty during the administrative workweek; or ‘‘(ii) the Inspector General of an agency; ‘‘(6) the term ‘investigative leave’ means leave— ‘‘(A) without loss of or reduction in— ‘‘(i) pay; ‘‘(ii) leave to which an employee is other-wise entitled under law; or ‘‘(iii) credit for time or service; ‘‘(B) that is not authorized under any other provision of law; and ‘‘(C) in which an employee who is the sub-ject of an investigation is placed; ‘‘(7) the term ‘notice leave’ means leave— ‘‘(A) without loss of or reduction in— ‘‘(i) pay; ‘‘(ii) leave to which an employee is other-wise entitled under law; or ‘‘(iii) credit for time or service; ‘‘(B) that is not authorized under any other provision of law; and ‘‘(C) in which an employee who is in a no-tice period is placed; and ‘‘(8) the term ‘notice period’ means a pe-riod beginning on the date on which an em-ployee is provided notice required under law of a proposed adverse action against the em-ployee and ending on the date on which an agency may take the adverse action. ‘‘(b) LEAVE FOR EMPLOYEES UNDER INVES -
TIGATION OR IN A NOTICE PERIOD .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY .—An agency may, in ac-cordance with paragraph (2), place an em-ployee in— ‘‘(A) investigative leave if the employee is the subject of an investigation; ‘‘(B) notice leave if the employee is in a notice period; or ‘‘(C) notice leave following a placement in investigative leave if, not later than the day after the last day of the period of investiga-tive leave— ‘‘(i) the agency proposes or initiates an ad-verse action against the employee; and ‘‘(ii) the agency determines that the em-ployee continues to meet 1 or more of the criteria described in subsection (c)(1). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An agency may place an employee in leave under paragraph (1) only if the agency has— ‘‘(A) made a determination with respect to the employee under subsection (c)(1); ‘‘(B) considered the available options for the employee under subsection (c)(2); and ‘‘(C) determined that none of the available options under subsection (c)(2) is appro-priate. ‘‘(c) E
MPLOYEES UNDER INVESTIGATION OR IN  
ANOTICE PERIOD .— ‘‘(1) D
ETERMINATIONS .—An agency may not place an employee in investigative leave or notice leave under subsection (b) unless the continued presence of the employee in the workplace during an investigation of the em-ployee or while the employee is in a notice period, if applicable, may— ‘‘(A) pose a threat to the employee or oth-ers; ‘‘(B) result in the destruction of evidence relevant to an investigation; ‘‘(C) result in loss of or damage to Govern-ment property; or ‘‘(D) otherwise jeopardize legitimate Gov-ernment interests. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABLE OPTIONS FOR EMPLOYEES  
UNDER INVESTIGATION OR IN A NOTICE PE -
RIOD.—After making a determination under paragraph (1) with respect to an employee, and before placing an employee in investiga-tive leave or notice leave under subsection (b), an agency shall consider taking 1 or more of the following actions: ‘‘(A) Assigning the employee to duties in which the employee is no longer a threat to— ‘‘(i) safety; ‘‘(ii) the mission of the agency; ‘‘(iii) Government property; or ‘‘(iv) evidence relevant to an investigation. ‘‘(B) Allowing the employee to take leave for which the employee is eligible. ‘‘(C) Requiring the employee to telework under section 6502(c). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.040 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3578 June 7, 2016 
‘‘(D) If the employee is absent from duty without approved leave, carrying the em-ployee in absence without leave status. ‘‘(E) For an employee subject to a notice period, curtailing the notice period if there is reasonable cause to believe the employee has committed a crime for which a sentence of imprisonment may be imposed. ‘‘(3) D
URATION OF LEAVE .— ‘‘(A) I
NVESTIGATIVE LEAVE .—Subject to ex-tensions of a period of investigative leave for which an employee may be eligible under subsections (d) and (e), the initial placement of an employee in investigative leave shall be for a period not longer than 10 days. ‘‘(B) N
OTICE LEAVE .—Placement of an em-ployee in notice leave shall be for a period not longer than the duration of the notice period. ‘‘(4) E
XPLANATION OF LEAVE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If an agency places an employee in leave under subsection (b), the agency shall provide the employee a written explanation of the leave placement and the reasons for the leave placement. ‘‘(B) E
XPLANATION .—The written notice under subparagraph (A) shall describe the limitations of the leave placement, includ-ing— ‘‘(i) the applicable limitations under para-graph (3); and ‘‘(ii) in the case of a placement in inves-tigative leave, an explanation that, at the conclusion of the period of leave, the agency shall take an action under paragraph (5). ‘‘(5) A
GENCY ACTION .—Not later than the day after the last day of a period of inves-tigative leave for an employee under sub-section (b)(1), an agency shall— ‘‘(A) return the employee to regular duty status; ‘‘(B) take 1 or more of the actions author-ized under paragraph (2), meaning— ‘‘(i) assigning the employee to duties in which the employee is no longer a threat to— ‘‘(I) safety; ‘‘(II) the mission of the agency; ‘‘(III) Government property; or ‘‘(IV) evidence relevant to an investiga-tion; ‘‘(ii) allowing the employee to take leave for which the employee is eligible; ‘‘(iii) requiring the employee to telework under section 6502(c); ‘‘(iv) if the employee is absent from duty without approved leave, carrying the em-ployee in absence without leave status; or ‘‘(v) for an employee subject to a notice pe-riod, curtailing the notice period if there is reasonable cause to believe the employee has committed a crime for which a sentence of imprisonment may be imposed; ‘‘(C) propose or initiate an adverse action against the employee as provided under law; or ‘‘(D) extend the period of investigative leave under subsections (d) and (e). ‘‘(6) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (5) shall be construed to prevent the continued investigation of an employee, except that the placement of an employee in investigative leave may not be extended for that purpose except as provided in sub-sections (d) and (e). ‘‘(d) I
NITIAL EXTENSION OF INVESTIGATIVE  L
EAVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (4), if the Chief Human Capital Officer of an agency, or the designee of the Chief Human Capital Officer, approves such an extension after consulting with the investigator re-sponsible for conducting the investigation to which an employee is subject, the agency may extend the period of investigative leave for the employee under subsection (b) for not more than 30 days. ‘‘(2) MAXIMUM NUMBER OF EXTENSIONS .—The total period of additional investigative leave for an employee under paragraph (1) may not exceed 110 days. ‘‘(3) D
ESIGNATION GUIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Chief Human Capital Offi-cers Council shall issue guidance to ensure that if the Chief Human Capital Officer of an agency delegates the authority to approve an extension under paragraph (1) to a designee, the designee is at a sufficiently high level within the agency to make an impartial and independent determination regarding the ex-tension. ‘‘(4) E
XTENSIONS FOR OIG EMPLOYEES .— ‘‘(A) A
PPROVAL .—In the case of an em-ployee of an Office of Inspector General— ‘‘(i) the Inspector General or the designee of the Inspector General, rather than the Chief Human Capital Officer or the designee of the Chief Human Capital Officer, shall ap-prove an extension of a period of investiga-tive leave for the employee under paragraph (1); or ‘‘(ii) at the request of the Inspector Gen-eral, the head of the agency within which the Office of Inspector General is located shall designate an official of the agency to ap-prove an extension of a period of investiga-tive leave for the employee under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Council of the Inspectors General on Integ-rity and Efficiency shall issue guidance to ensure that if the Inspector General or the head of an agency, at the request of the In-spector General, delegates the authority to approve an extension under subparagraph (A) to a designee, the designee is at a suffi-ciently high level within the Office of Inspec-tor General or the agency, as applicable, to make an impartial and independent deter-mination regarding the extension. ‘‘(e) F
URTHER EXTENSION OF INVESTIGATIVE  L
EAVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—After reaching the limit under subsection (d)(2), an agency may fur-ther extend a period of investigative leave for an employee for a period of not more than 60 days if, before the further extension begins, the head of the agency or, in the case of an employee of an Office of Inspector Gen-eral, the Inspector General submits a notifi-cation that includes the reasons for the fur-ther extension to the— ‘‘(A) committees of jurisdiction; ‘‘(B) Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives. ‘‘(2) N
O LIMIT .—There shall be no limit on the number of further extensions that an agency may grant to an employee under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) OPM 
REVIEW .—An agency shall request from the Director, and include with the noti-fication required under paragraph (1), the opinion of the Director— ‘‘(A) with respect to whether to grant a further extension under this subsection, in-cluding the reasons for that opinion; and ‘‘(B) which shall not be binding on the agency. ‘‘(4) S
UNSET .—The authority provided under this subsection shall expire on the date that is 6 years after the date of enact-ment of this section. ‘‘(f) C
ONSULTATION GUIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency, in con-sultation with the Attorney General and the Special Counsel, shall issue guidance on best practices for consultation between an inves-tigator and an agency on the need to place an employee in investigative leave during an investigation of the employee, including dur-ing a criminal investigation, because the continued presence of the employee in the workplace during the investigation may— ‘‘(1) pose a threat to the employee or oth-ers; ‘‘(2) result in the destruction of evidence relevant to an investigation; ‘‘(3) result in loss of or damage to Govern-ment property; or ‘‘(4) otherwise jeopardize legitimate Gov-ernment interests. ‘‘(g) REPORTING AND RECORDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An agency shall keep a record of the placement of an employee in investigative leave or notice leave by the agency, including— ‘‘(A) the basis for the determination made under subsection (c)(1); ‘‘(B) an explanation of why an action under subsection (c)(2) was not appropriate; ‘‘(C) the length of the period of leave; ‘‘(D) the amount of salary paid to the em-ployee during the period of leave; ‘‘(E) the reasons for authorizing the leave, including, if applicable, the recommendation made by an investigator under subsection (d)(1); and ‘‘(F) the action taken by the agency at the end of the period of leave, including, if appli-cable, the granting of any extension of a pe-riod of investigative leave under subsection (d) or (e). ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF RECORDS .—An agency shall make a record kept under paragraph (1) available— ‘‘(A) to any committee of Congress, upon request; ‘‘(B) to the Office of Personnel Manage-ment; and ‘‘(C) as otherwise required by law, includ-ing for the purposes of the Administrative Leave Act of 2016 and the amendments made by that Act. ‘‘(h) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) OPM 
ACTION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Director shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section, including guidance to agencies regarding— ‘‘(A) acceptable purposes for the use of— ‘‘(i) investigative leave; and ‘‘(ii) notice leave; ‘‘(B) the proper recording of— ‘‘(i) the leave categories described in sub-paragraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) other leave authorized by law; ‘‘(C) baseline factors that an agency shall consider when making a determination that the continued presence of an employee in the workplace may— ‘‘(i) pose a threat to the employee or oth-ers; ‘‘(ii) result in the destruction of evidence relevant to an investigation; ‘‘(iii) result in loss or damage to Govern-ment property; or ‘‘(iv) otherwise jeopardize legitimate Gov-ernment interests; and ‘‘(D) procedures and criteria for the ap-proval of an extension of a period of inves-tigative leave under subsection (d) or (e). ‘‘(2) A
GENCY ACTION .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Director pre-scribes regulations under paragraph (1), each agency shall revise and implement the inter-nal policies of the agency to meet the re-quirements of this section. ‘‘(i) R
ELATION TO OTHER LAWS.—Notwith- standing subsection (a) of section 7421 of title 38, this section shall apply to an em-ployee described in subsection (b) of that section.’’. (2) P
ERSONNEL ACTION .—Section 2302(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.040 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3579 June 7, 2016 
(A) in clause (xi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating clause (xii) as clause (xiii); and (C) by inserting after clause (xi) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(xii) a determination made by an agency under section 6329b(c)(1) that the continued presence of an employee in the workplace during an investigation of the employee or while the employee is in a notice period, if applicable, may— ‘‘(I) pose a threat to the employee or oth-ers; ‘‘(II) result in the destruction of evidence relevant to an investigation; ‘‘(III) result in loss of or damage to Gov-ernment property; or ‘‘(IV) otherwise jeopardize legitimate Gov-ernment interests; and’’. (3) GAO 
REPORT .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall report to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives on the results of an evaluation of the implementation of the authority pro-vided under sections 6329a and 6329b of title 5, United States Code, as added by subsection (c)(1) and paragraph (1) of this subsection, re-spectively, including— (A) an assessment of agency use of the au-thority provided under subsection (e) of such section 6329b, including data regarding— (i) the number and length of extensions granted under that subsection; and (ii) the number of times that the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, under paragraph (3) of that subsection— (I) concurred with the decision of an agen-cy to grant an extension; and (II) did not concur with the decision of an agency to grant an extension, including the bases for those opinions of the Director; (B) recommendations to Congress, as ap-propriate, on the need for extensions beyond the extensions authorized under subsection (d) of such section 6329b; and (C) a review of the practice of agency placement of an employee in investigative or notice leave under subsection (b) of such sec-tion 6329b because of a determination under subsection (c)(1)(D) of that section that the employee jeopardized legitimate Govern-ment interests, including the extent to which such determinations were supported by evidence. (4) T
ELEWORK .—Section 6502 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) R
EQUIRED TELEWORK .—If an agency de-termines under section 6329b(c)(1) that the continued presence of an employee in the workplace during an investigation of the em-ployee or while the employee is in a notice period, if applicable, may pose 1 or more of the threats described in that section and the employee is eligible to telework under sub-sections (a) and (b) of this section, the agen-cy may require the employee to telework for the duration of the investigation or the no-tice period, if applicable.’’. (5) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 6329a, as added by this section, the following: ‘‘6329b. Investigative leave and notice leave.’’. (e) L
EAVE FOR WEATHER AND SAFETY  I
SSUES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, as amended by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 6329c. Weather and safety leave ‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) means an Executive agency (as de-fined in section 105 of this title); and ‘‘(B) does not include the Government Ac-countability Office; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘employee’— ‘‘(A) has the meaning given the term in section 2105; and ‘‘(B) does not include an intermittent em-ployee who does not have an established reg-ular tour of duty during the administrative workweek. ‘‘(b) L
EAVE FOR WEATHER AND SAFETY  I
SSUES .—An agency may approve the provi-sion of leave under this section to an em-ployee or a group of employees without loss of or reduction in the pay of the employee or employees, leave to which the employee or employees are otherwise entitled, or credit to the employee or employees for time or service only if the employee or group of em-ployees is prevented from safely traveling to or performing work at an approved location due to— ‘‘(1) an act of God; ‘‘(2) a terrorist attack; or ‘‘(3) another condition that prevents the employee or group of employees from safely traveling to or performing work at an ap-proved location. ‘‘(c) R
ECORDS .—An agency shall record leave provided under this section separately from leave authorized under any other provi-sion of law. ‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section, including— ‘‘(1) guidance to agencies regarding the ap-propriate purposes for providing leave under this section; and ‘‘(2) the proper recording of leave provided under this section. ‘‘(e) R
ELATION TO OTHER LAWS.—Notwith- standing subsection (a) of section 7421 of title 38, this section shall apply to an em-ployee described in subsection (b) of that section.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 6329b, as added by this section, the following: ‘‘6329c. Weather and safety leave.’’. (f) A
DDITIONAL OVERSIGHT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment shall complete a review of agency poli-cies to determine whether agencies have complied with the requirements of this sec-tion and the amendments made by this sec-tion. (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 days after completing the review under para-graph (1), the Director shall submit to Con-gress a report evaluating the results of the review. 
SEC. 6402. UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT RE-VIEW OF CERTAIN FOREIGN FIGHT-ERS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent shall initiate a review of known in-stances since 2011 in which a person has trav-eled or attempted to travel to a conflict zone in Iraq or Syria from the United States to join or provide material support or resources to a terrorist organization. (b) S
COPE OF REVIEW .—The review under subsection (a) shall— (1) include relevant unclassified and classi-fied information held by the United States Government related to each instance de-scribed in subsection (a); (2) ascertain which factors, including oper-ational issues, security vulnerabilities, sys-temic challenges, or other issues, which may have undermined efforts to prevent the trav-el of persons described in subsection (a) to a conflict zone in Iraq or Syria from the United States, including issues related to the timely identification of suspects, informa-tion sharing, intervention, and interdiction; and (3) identify lessons learned and areas that can be improved to prevent additional travel by persons described in subsection (a) to a conflict zone in Iraq or Syria, or other ter-rorist safe haven abroad, to join or provide material support or resources to a terrorist organization. (c) INFORMATION SHARING .—The President shall direct the heads of relevant Federal agencies to provide the appropriate informa-tion that may be necessary to complete the review required under this section. (d) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the President, consistent with the protection of classified information, shall submit a report to the appropriate congres-sional committees that includes the results of the review required under this section, in-cluding information on travel routes of greatest concern, as appropriate. (e) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDING .— No additional funds are authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this section. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (E) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (F) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; (G) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (H) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (I) the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives; (J) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; (K) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; (L) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (M) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (N) the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives. (2) M
ATERIAL SUPPORT OR RESOURCES .—The term ‘‘material support or resources’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2339A of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 6403. NATIONAL STRATEGY TO COMBAT TER-RORIST TRAVEL. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that it should be the policy of the United States— (1) to continue to regularly assess the evolving terrorist threat to the United States; (2) to catalog existing Federal Government efforts to obstruct terrorist and foreign fighter travel into, out of, and within the United States, and overseas; (3) to identify such efforts that may ben-efit from reform or consolidation, or require elimination; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.040 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3580 June 7, 2016 
(4) to identify potential security vulnerabilities in United States defenses against terrorist travel; and (5) to prioritize resources to address any such security vulnerabilities in a risk-based manner. (b) N
ATIONAL STRATEGY AND UPDATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the President shall submit a national strategy to combat terrorist travel to the appropriate congressional committees. The strategy shall address efforts to intercept terrorists and foreign fighters and constrain the do-mestic and international travel of such per-sons. Consistent with the protection of clas-sified information, the strategy shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, including, as ap-propriate, a classified annex. (2) U
PDATED STRATEGIES .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which a new Presi-dent is inaugurated, the President shall sub-mit an updated version of the strategy de-scribed in paragraph (1) to the appropriate congressional committees. (3) C
ONTENTS .—The strategy required under this subsection shall— (A) include an accounting and description of all Federal Government programs, projects, and activities designed to constrain domestic and international travel by terror-ists and foreign fighters; (B) identify specific security vulnerabilities within the United States and outside of the United States that may be ex-ploited by terrorists and foreign fighters; (C) delineate goals for— (i) closing the security vulnerabilities identified under subparagraph (B); and (ii) enhancing the ability of the Federal Government to constrain domestic and inter-national travel by terrorists and foreign fighters; and (D) describe the actions that will be taken to achieve the goals delineated under sub-paragraph (C) and the means needed to carry out such actions, including— (i) steps to reform, improve, and stream-line existing Federal Government efforts to align with the current threat environment; (ii) new programs, projects, or activities that are requested, under development, or undergoing implementation; (iii) new authorities or changes in existing authorities needed from Congress; (iv) specific budget adjustments being re-quested to enhance United States security in a risk-based manner; and (v) the Federal departments and agencies responsible for the specific actions described in this subparagraph. (4) S
UNSET .—The requirement to submit updated national strategies under this sub-section shall terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) D
EVELOPMENT OF IMPLEMENTATION  P
LANS .—For each national strategy required under subsection (b), the President shall di-rect the heads of relevant Federal agencies to develop implementation plans for each such agency. (d) I
MPLEMENTATION PLANS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall sub-mit an implementation plan developed under subsection (c) to the appropriate congres-sional committees with each national strat-egy required under subsection (b). Consistent with the protection of classified information, each such implementation plan shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (2) A
NNUAL UPDATES .—The President shall submit an annual updated implementation plan to the appropriate congressional com-mittees during the 10-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (e) PROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDING .— No additional funds are authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this section. (f) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (3) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; (4) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (5) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (6) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (7) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (8) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; (9) the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives; (10) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; (11) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (12) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 6404. NORTHERN BORDER THREAT ANAL-YSIS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (E) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (F) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (2) N
ORTHERN BORDER .—The term ‘‘North-ern Border’’ means the land and maritime borders between the United States and Can-ada. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a Northern Border threat analysis that includes— (1) current and potential terrorism and criminal threats posed by individuals and or-ganized groups seeking— (A) to enter the United States through the Northern Border; or (B) to exploit border vulnerabilities on the Northern Border; (2) improvements needed at and between ports of entry along the Northern Border— (A) to prevent terrorists and instruments of terrorism from entering the United States; and (B) to reduce criminal activity, as meas-ured by the total flow of illegal goods, illicit drugs, and smuggled and trafficked persons moved in either direction across the North-ern Border; (3) gaps in law, policy, cooperation between State, tribal, and local law enforcement, international agreements, or tribal agree-ments that hinder effective and efficient bor-der security, counter-terrorism, and anti- human smuggling and trafficking efforts, and the flow of legitimate trade along the Northern Border; and (4) whether additional U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance and preinspection operations at ports of entry along the Northern Border could help pre-vent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States. (c) ANALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—For the threat analysis required under subsection (b), the Secretary shall consider and exam-ine— (1) technology needs and challenges; (2) personnel needs and challenges; (3) the role of State, tribal, and local law enforcement in general border security ac-tivities; (4) the need for cooperation among Fed-eral, State, tribal, local, and Canadian law enforcement entities relating to border secu-rity; (5) the terrain, population density, and cli-mate along the Northern Border; and (6) the needs and challenges of Department facilities, including the physical approaches to such facilities. (d) C
LASSIFIED THREAT ANALYSIS .—To the extent possible, the Secretary shall submit the threat analysis required under sub-section (b) in unclassified form. The Sec-retary may submit a portion of the threat analysis in classified form if the Secretary determines that such form is appropriate for that portion. 
SA 4501. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR GRANTS TO VETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZA-TIONS FOR TRANSPORTATION OF HIGHLY RURAL VETERANS. 
Section 307(d) of the Caregivers and Vet-erans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1154; 38 U.S.C. 1710 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SA 4502. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mrs. B OXER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. ELIGIBILITY OF CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS FOR INTERMENT IN NATIONAL CEMETERIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2402(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(10) Any individual— ‘‘(A) who— ‘‘(i) was naturalized pursuant to section 2(1) of the Hmong Veterans’ Naturalization Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–207; 8 U.S.C. 1423 note); and ‘‘(ii) at the time of the individual’s death resided in the United States; or ‘‘(B) who— ‘‘(i) the Secretary determines served with a special guerrilla unit or irregular forces op-erating from a base in Laos in support of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.040 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3581 June 7, 2016 
Armed Forces of the United States at any time during the period beginning February 28, 1961, and ending May 7, 1975; and ‘‘(ii) at the time of the individual’s death— ‘‘(I) was a citizen of the United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence in the United States; and ‘‘(II) resided in the United States.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to an individual dying on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 4503. Mr. COTTON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1247. PROHIBITION ON REQUIRING UNITED STATES AIR CARRIERS TO COMPLY WITH AIR DEFENSE IDENTIFICATION ZONES DECLARED BY THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. 
The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration may not require, or provide instruction or guidance to, an air carrier that holds an air carrier certificate issued under chapter 411 of title 49, United States Code, to comply with any air defense identi-fication zone declared by the People’s Repub-lic of China that is inconsistent with United States policy, overlaps with preexisting air identification zones, covers disputed terri-tory, or covers a specific geographic area over the East China Sea or South China Sea. 
SA 4504. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1655. IDENTIFICATION AND CORRECTION OF CAPABILITIES SHORTFALLS WITH RESPECT TO ENSURING THE SECU-RITY OF UNITED STATES INTER-CONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE SITES. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF CAPABILITIES SHORT -
FALLS .—Not later than 15 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mander of the United States Strategic Com-mand shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a classified report that in-cludes the following: (1) A description of extant and potential threats to the security of United States intercontinental ballistic missile sites. (2) A list of requirements for capabilities to ensure the security of all United States intercontinental ballistic missile sites. (3) A description of capabilities shortfalls within the forces assigned, allocated, or oth-erwise provided to the United States Stra-tegic Command as of the date of the report to ensure the security of all United States intercontinental ballistic missile sites. (4) An assessment of the severity of risk associated with any shortfalls identified under paragraph (3). (b) CORRECTION OF CAPABILITIES SHORT -
FALLS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall— (A) take action to mitigate any capabili-ties shortfalls identified in the report re-quired by subsection (a); (B) begin a process, pursuant to section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, to pro-cure UH–1N replacement aircraft for which contracts can be entered into by fiscal year 2018; and (C) obtain a certification from the Com-mander of the United States Strategic Com-mand that the action described in subpara-graph (A) will effectively mitigate any capa-bilities shortfalls identified in the report re-quired by subsection (a) until the helicopters described in subparagraph (B) can be pro-cured and fielded. (2) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the actions taken pursuant to paragraph (1). (B) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classi-fied annex. 
SA 4505. Mr. DONNELLY (for him-self, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. K AINE, Mr. H ATCH , and Mr. R
OUNDS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 663. REPORT ON MODIFICATION OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE IN LIGHT OF AUTHORITY FOR VARI-ABLE PRICING OF GOODS AT COM-MISSARY STORES. 
Not later than March 31, 2017, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the feasibility and advisability of modifying the amounts payable for basic allowance for sub-sistence (BAS) for members of the Armed Forces in light of potential changes in prices of goods and services at commissary stores pursuant to the authority granted by the amendments made by section 661. The report shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the potential for in-creases in prices of goods and services at commissary stores by reason of such author-ity, set forth by locality. (2) An assessment of the feasibility and ad-visability of modifications in the amounts payable for basic allowance for subsistence in light of such potential increases in prices, including paying basic allowance for subsist-ence at different rates in different locations. 
SA 4506. Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title X, insert the following: Subtitle J—SAVE Benefits Act 
SEC. 1097. ONE-TIME SUPPLEMENTARY PAYMENT TO SOCIAL SECURITY BENE-FICIARIES AND VETERANS. 
(a) O NE-TIME SUPPLEMENTARY PAYMENT TO  S
OCIAL SECURITY BENEFICIARIES AND VET-
ERANS .— (1) E
LIGIBILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (4)(C), the Secretary of the Treasury shall disburse a payment equal to the amount de-scribed in subsection (e) to each individual who, for any month during the 3-month pe-riod ending with the month which ends prior to the month that includes the date of the enactment of this Act, is entitled to a ben-efit payment described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of subparagraph (B), or is eligible for a SSI cash benefit described in subparagraph (C). (B) B
ENEFIT PAYMENT DESCRIBED .—For pur- poses of subparagraph (A): (i) T
ITLE II BENEFIT .—A benefit payment described in this clause is a monthly insur-ance benefit payable (without regard to sec-tions 202(j)(1) and 223(b) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 402(j)(1), 423(b))) under— (I) section 202(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 402(a)); (II) section 202(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 402(b)); (III) section 202(c) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 402(c)); (IV) section 202(d)(1)(B)(ii) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 402(d)(1)(B)(ii)); (V) section 202(e) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 402(e)); (VI) section 202(f) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 402(f)); (VII) section 202(g) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 402(g)); (VIII) section 202(h) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 402(h)); (IX) section 223(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 423(a)); (X) section 227 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 427); or (XI) section 228 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 428). (ii) R
AILROAD RETIREMENT BENEFIT .—A ben- efit payment described in this clause is a monthly annuity or pension payment pay-able (without regard to section 5(a)(ii) of the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974 (45 U.S.C. 231d(a)(ii))) under— (I) section 2(a)(1) of such Act (45 U.S.C. 231a(a)(1)); (II) section 2(c) of such Act (45 U.S.C. 231a(c)); (III) section 2(d)(1)(i) of such Act (45 U.S.C. 231a(d)(1)(i)); (IV) section 2(d)(1)(ii) of such Act (45 U.S.C. 231a(d)(1)(ii)); (V) section 2(d)(1)(iii)(C) of such Act to an adult disabled child (45 U.S.C. 231a(d)(1)(iii)(C)); (VI) section 2(d)(1)(iv) of such Act (45 U.S.C. 231a(d)(1)(iv)); (VII) section 2(d)(1)(v) of such Act (45 U.S.C. 231a(d)(1)(v)); or (VIII) section 7(b)(2) of such Act (45 U.S.C. 231f(b)(2)) with respect to any of the benefit payments described in clause (i) of this sub-paragraph. (iii) V
ETERANS BENEFIT .—A benefit pay-ment described in this clause is a compensa-tion or pension payment payable under— (I) section 1110, 1117, 1121, 1131, 1141, or 1151 of title 38, United States Code; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.044 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3582 June 7, 2016 
(II) section 1310, 1312, 1313, 1315, 1316, or 1318 of title 38, United States Code; (III) section 1513, 1521, 1533, 1536, 1537, 1541, 1542, or 1562 of title 38, United States Code; or (IV) section 1805, 1815, or 1821 of title 38, United States Code, to a veteran, surviving spouse, child, or par-ent as described in paragraph (2), (3), (4)(A)(ii), or (5) of section 101, title 38, United States Code, who received that benefit dur-ing any month within the 3-month period ending with the month which ends prior to the month that includes the date of the en-actment of this Act. (C) SSI 
CASH BENEFIT DESCRIBED .—A SSI cash benefit described in this subparagraph is a cash benefit payable under section 1611 (other than under subsection (e)(1)(B) of such section) or 1619(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1382, 1382h). (2) N
O DOUBLE PAYMENTS .—An individual shall be paid only 1 payment under this sec-tion, regardless of whether the individual is entitled to, or eligible for, more than 1 ben-efit payment described in paragraph (1). (3) L
IMITATION .—A payment under this sec-tion shall not be made— (A) in the case of an individual entitled to a benefit specified in paragraph (1)(B)(i) or paragraph (1)(B)(ii)(VIII) if, for the most re-cent month of such individual’s entitlement in the 3-month period described in paragraph (1), such individual’s benefit under such paragraph was not payable by reason of sub-section (x) or (y) of section 202 the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 402) or section 1129A of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–8a); (B) in the case of an individual entitled to a benefit specified in paragraph (1)(B)(iii) if, for the most recent month of such individ-ual’s entitlement in the 3-month period de-scribed in paragraph (1), such individual’s benefit under such paragraph was not pay-able, or was reduced, by reason of section 1505, 5313, or 5313B of title 38, United States Code; (C) in the case of an individual entitled to a benefit specified in paragraph (1)(C) if, for such most recent month, such individual’s benefit under such paragraph was not pay-able by reason of subsection (e)(1)(A) or (e)(4) of section 1611 (42 U.S.C. 1382) or section 1129A of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–8); (D) in the case of an individual who has been penalized under section 1129(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320–8(a)); or (E) in the case of any individual whose date of death occurs before the date on which the individual is certified under subsection (b) to receive a payment under this section. (4) T
IMING AND MANNER OF PAYMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall commence disbursing pay-ments under this section at the earliest prac-ticable date but in no event later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act. The Secretary of the Treasury may disburse any payment electronically to an individual in such manner as if such payment was a benefit payment to such individual under the applicable program described in subpara-graph (B) or (C) of paragraph (1). (B) N
OTICE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall provide written notice, sent by mail to each individual receiving a pay-ment under this section, explaining that the payment represents a one-time benefit in-crease to the benefit payment described in paragraph (1) to which the individual is enti-tled. (ii) P
UBLIC NOTICE .—The Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Commis-sioner of Social Security and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall publish on a public website information about the payments au-thorized under this subsection, including— (I) information on eligibility for such pay-ments; (II) information on the timeframe in which such payments will be distributed; and (III) other relevant information. (C) DEADLINE .—No payments shall be dis-bursed under this section after September 30, 2017, regardless of any determinations of en-titlement to, or eligibility for, such pay-ments made after such date. (b) I
DENTIFICATION OF RECIPIENTS .—The Commissioner of Social Security, the Rail-road Retirement Board, and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall certify the individuals entitled to receive payments under this sec-tion and provide the Secretary of the Treas-ury with the information needed to disburse such payments. A certification of an indi-vidual shall be unaffected by any subsequent determination or redetermination of the in-dividual’s entitlement to, or eligibility for, a benefit specified in subparagraph (B) or (C) of subsection (a)(1). (c) T
REATMENT OF PAYMENTS .— (1) P
AYMENT TO BE DISREGARDED FOR PUR -
POSES OF ALL FEDERAL AND FEDERALLY AS -
SISTED PROGRAMS .—A payment under sub-section (a) shall not be regarded as income and shall not be regarded as a resource for the month of receipt and the following 9 months, for purposes of determining the eli-gibility of the recipient (or the recipient’s spouse or family) for benefits or assistance, or the amount or extent of benefits or assist-ance, under any Federal program or under any State or local program financed in whole or in part with Federal funds. (2) P
AYMENT NOT CONSIDERED INCOME FOR  
PURPOSES OF TAXATION .—A payment under subsection (a) shall not be considered as gross income for purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (3) P
AYMENTS PROTECTED FROM ASSIGN -
MENT .—The provisions of section 207 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 407) and sec-tion 14(a) of the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974 (45 U.S.C. 231m(a)) shall apply to any payment made under subsection (a) as if such payment was a benefit payment to such individual under the applicable program de-scribed in subsection (a)(1)(B). (4) T
REATMENT UNDER SOCIAL SECURITY  
ACT.— (A) N
O EFFECT ON FAMILY MAXIMUM .—For purposes of section 203(a) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 403(a)), a payment under subsection (a) shall be disregarded in deter-mining reductions in benefits under such sec-tion. (B) P
AYMENT NOT A GENERAL BENEFIT IN -
CREASE .—For purposes of section 215(i) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)), a pay-ment under subsection (a) shall not be re-garded as a general benefit increase. (5) P
AYMENTS SUBJECT TO RECLAMATION .— Any payment made under this section shall, in the case of a payment by direct deposit which is made after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, be subject to the reclama-tion provisions under subpart B of part 210 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (relat-ing to reclamation of benefit payments). (d) P
AYMENT TO REPRESENTATIVE PAYEES  
ANDFIDUCIARIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In any case in which an individual who is entitled to a payment under subsection (a) and whose benefit pay-ment or cash benefit described in paragraph (1) of that subsection is paid to a representa-tive payee or fiduciary, the payment under subsection (a) shall be made to the individ-ual’s representative payee or fiduciary and the entire payment shall be used only for the benefit of the individual who is entitled to the payment. (2) A
PPLICABILITY .— (A) P
AYMENT ON THE BASIS OF A TITLE II  
BENEFIT OR SSI BENEFIT .—Section 1129(a)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a– 8(a)(3)) shall apply to any payment made on the basis of an entitlement to a benefit spec-ified in paragraph (1)(B)(i) or (1)(C) of sub-section (a) in the same manner as such sec-tion applies to a payment under title II or XVI of such Act. (B) PAYMENT ON THE BASIS OF A RAILROAD  
RETIREMENT BENEFIT .—Section 13 of the Rail-road Retirement Act (45 U.S.C. 231l) shall apply to any payment made on the basis of an entitlement to a benefit specified in para-graph (1)(B)(ii) of subsection (a) in the same manner as such section applies to a payment under such Act. (C) P
AYMENT ON THE BASIS OF A VETERANS  
BENEFIT .—Sections 5502, 6106, and 6108 of title 38, United States Code, shall apply to any payment made on the basis of an entitlement to a benefit specified in paragraph (1)(B)(iii) of subsection (a) in the same manner as those sections apply to a payment under that title. (e) P
AYMENT AMOUNT .—The amount de-scribed in this subsection is the amount that is equal to 3.9 percent of the average amount of annual benefits received by an individual entitled to benefits under title II of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.) in calendar year 2015, as determined by the Commissioner of Social Security, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $1. (f) A
PPROPRIATION .—Out of any sums in the Treasury of the United States not otherwise appropriated, the following sums are appro-priated for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2017, to remain available until ex-pended, to carry out this section: (1) For the Secretary of the Treasury, such sums as may be necessary for administrative costs incurred in carrying out this section. (2) For the Commissioner of Social Secu-rity— (A) such sums as may be necessary for pay-ments to individuals certified by the Com-missioner of Social Security as entitled to receive a payment under this section; and (B) such sums as may be necessary to the Social Security Administration’s Limitation on Administrative Expenses for costs in-curred in carrying out this section. (3) For the Railroad Retirement Board— (A) such sums as may be necessary for pay-ments to individuals certified by the Rail-road Retirement Board as entitled to receive a payment under this section; and (B) such sums as may be necessary to the Railroad Retirement Board’s Limitation on Administration for administrative costs in-curred in carrying out this section. (4)(A) For the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs— (i) such sums as may be necessary for the Compensation and Pensions account, for payments to individuals certified by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs as entitled to re-ceive a payment under this section; and (ii) such sums as may be necessary for the Information Systems Technology account and the General Operating Expenses account for administrative costs incurred in carrying out this section. (B) The Department of Veterans Affairs Compensation and Pensions account shall hereinafter be available for payments au-thorized under subsection (a)(1)(A) to indi-viduals entitled to a benefit payment de-scribed in subsection (a)(1)(B)(iii). 
SEC. 1098. SPECIAL CREDIT FOR CERTAIN GOV-ERNMENT RETIREES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of an eligible individual, there shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by subtitle A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for the first taxable year beginning in 2016 an amount equal to $581 ($1,162 in the case of a joint re-turn where both spouses are eligible individ-uals). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.045 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3583 June 7, 2016 
(b) E LIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘‘eligible individual’’ means any individual— (A) who receives during the first taxable year beginning in 2016 any amount as a pen-sion or annuity for service performed in the employ of the United States or any State, or any instrumentality thereof, which is not considered employment for purposes of sec-tions 3101(a) and 3111(a) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, and (B) who does not receive a payment under section 1097 during such taxable year. (2) I
DENTIFICATION NUMBER REQUIREMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘eligible indi-vidual’’ shall not include any individual who does not include on the return of tax for the taxable year— (i) such individual’s social security ac-count number, and (ii) in the case of a joint return, the social security account number of one of the tax-payers on such return. (B) E
XCLUSION OF TIN .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A), the social security account number shall not include a TIN (as defined in section 7701(a)(41) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) issued by the Internal Revenue Service. Any omission of a correct social se-curity account number required under this paragraph shall be treated as a mathe-matical or clerical error for purposes of ap-plying section 6213(g)(2) of such Code to such omission. (c) T
REATMENT OF CREDIT .— (1) R
EFUNDABLE CREDIT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The credit allowed by subsection (a) shall be treated as allowed by subpart C of part IV of subchapter A of chap-ter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (B) A
PPROPRIATIONS .—For purposes of sec-tion 1324(b)(2) of title 31, United States Code, the credit allowed by subsection (a) shall be treated in the same manner as a refund from the credit allowed under section 36A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (2) D
EFICIENCY RULES .—For purposes of ap-plying section 6211(b)(4)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the credit allowable by subsection (a) shall be treated in the same manner as the credits listed in subparagraph (A) of section 6211(b)(4). (d) R
EFUNDS DISREGARDED IN THE ADMINIS -
TRATION OF FEDERAL PROGRAMS AND FEDER -
ALLY ASSISTED PROGRAMS .—Any credit or re-fund allowed or made to any individual by reason of this section shall not be taken into account as income and shall not be taken into account as resources for the month of receipt and the following 2 months, for pur-poses of determining the eligibility of such individual or any other individual for bene-fits or assistance, or the amount or extent of benefits or assistance, under any Federal program or under any State or local program financed in whole or in part with Federal funds. 
SEC. 1099. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON EX-CESSIVE REMUNERATION. 
(a) R EPEAL OF PERFORMANCE -BASED COM-
PENSATION AND COMMISSION EXCEPTIONS FOR  L
IMITATION ON EXCESSIVE REMUNERATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (4) of section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) and by redesignating subparagraphs (D) through (G) as subparagraphs (B) through (E), respectively. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 162(m)(5) of such Code is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) thereof’’ in subparagraph (E) and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and (G)’’ in subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (D) and (E)’’. (B) Section 162(m)(6) of such Code is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) thereof’’ in subparagraph (D) and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and (G)’’ in subparagraph (G) and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (D) and (E)’’. (b) EXPANSION OF APPLICABLE EMPLOYER .— Paragraph (2) of section 162(m) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) P
UBLICLY HELD CORPORATION .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘publicly held corporation’ means any corporation which is an issuer (as defined in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c))— ‘‘(A) the securities of which are registered under section 12 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78l), or ‘‘(B) that is required to file reports under section 15(d) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)).’’. (c) A
PPLICATION TO ALLCURRENT AND  F
ORMER OFFICERS , DIRECTORS , AND EMPLOY -
EES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 162(m) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by subsection (a), is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘covered employee’’ each place it appears in paragraphs (1) and (4) and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘such employee’’ each place it appears in subparagraphs (A) and (E) of paragraph (4) and inserting ‘‘such indi-vidual’’. (2) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—Paragraph (3) of section 162(m) of such Code is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘covered individual’ means any individual who is an officer, di-rector, or employee of the taxpayer or a former officer, director, or employee of the taxpayer.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 48D(b)(3)(A) of such Code is amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2017)’’ after ‘‘section 162(m)(3)’’. (B) Section 409A(b)(3)(D)(ii) of such Code is amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2017)’’ after ‘‘section 162(m)(3)’’. (d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID 
TOBENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Paragraph (4) of sec-tion 162(m), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID  
TO BENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Remuneration shall not fail to be applicable employee remunera-tion merely because it is includible in the in-come of, or paid to, a person other than the covered individual, including after the death of the covered individual.’’. (e) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 162(m) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(7) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may prescribe such guidance, rules, or regula-tions, including with respect to reporting, as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this subsection.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (6) of section 162(m) of such Code is amended by striking subparagraph (H). (f) T
RANSFER TO SOCIAL SECURITY TRUST  F
UNDS .—For purposes of the amount of any increase in revenue to the Treasury by rea-son of the amendments made by this section, any such amount that is in excess of the total amount appropriated under section 1097(f) of this Act shall be, at such times and in such manner as determined appropriate by the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Sec-retary’s delegate), deposited in the Trust Funds (as defined in subsection (c) of section 201 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401)), with— (1) 50 percent of such amount to be depos-ited in the Federal Old-Age and Survivors In-surance Trust Fund (as defined in subsection (a) of such section); and (2) 50 percent of such amount to be depos-ited in the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund (as defined in subsection (b) of such section). (g) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SA 4507. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 764. REPORT ON HEARING LOSS, TINNITUS, AND NOISE POLLUTION DUE TO SMALL ARMS FIRE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that hearing loss, tinnitus, and noise pollution due to small arms fire has a detrimental impact on the readiness and budget of the Department of Defense. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives (and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives upon the request of either committee) and the President pro tempore of the Senate, a report on hearing loss, tinnitus, and noise pollution due to small arms fire. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A verification and validation of the re-sults included in published findings on hear-ing loss and tinnitus due to small arms fire (including the ‘‘Clinical Study Design of Noise-Induced Hearing Loss in Marine Re-cruits’’ published by E.A. Williams (ne ´e Edelstein)). (B) A description of the impact on the De-partment of Defense of noise pollution and noise ordinance requirements, as set forth under title IV of the Clean Air Act (relating to noise pollution) (42 U.S.C. 7641 et seq.), for small arms fire (including the impact on training ranges, training schedules, oper-ational readiness, and mission parameters). (C) Data on the severity and rates of noise- induced hearing loss and tinnitus experi-enced by personnel of the Department due to small arms fire in training and operational environments, including costs currently in-curred by the health care systems of the De-partment of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs to treat noise-induced hear-ing loss and tinnitus. (D) A description of alternative methods and strategies currently being employed by the Department of Defense, as well as alter-native methods, technologies, and tech-niques being considered, for the mitigation of hearing loss, tinnitus, and noise pollution due to small arms fire. (E) A description of current mitigation strategies available to reduce hearing loss, tinnitus, and noise pollution as a whole and not as separate issues. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.045 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3584 June 7, 2016 
SA 4508. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. MAXIMUM RATE OF INTEREST ON DEBTS INCURRED BEFORE MILI-TARY SERVICE. 
Section 207 of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3937) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(A), by inserting ‘‘student loan,’’ after ‘‘nature of a mort-gage’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
TUDENT LOAN .—The term ‘student loan’ means— ‘‘(A) a Federal student loan made, insured, or guaranteed under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.); ‘‘(B) a student loan made pursuant to title VII or VIII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 292 et seq. and 296 et seq.); or ‘‘(C) a private education loan, as defined in section 140(a) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1650(a)).’’. 
SA 4509. Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. S HELBY , and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike sections 1036 and 1037 and insert the following: 
SEC. 1036. COMPETITIVE PROCUREMENT AND PHASE OUT OF ROCKET ENGINES FROM THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION IN THE EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM FOR SPACE LAUNCH OF NATIONAL SECU-RITY SATELLITES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Any competition for a contract for the provision of launch services for the evolved expendable launch vehicle program shall be open for award to all cer-tified providers of evolved expendable launch vehicle-class systems. (b) A
WARD OF CONTRACTS .—In awarding a contract under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense— (1) subject to paragraph (2), shall award the contract to the provider of launch services that offers the best value to the Federal Gov-ernment; and (2) notwithstanding any other provision of law, may, during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2022, award the contract to a provider of launch services that intends to use any certified launch vehicle in its inven-tory without regard to the country of origin of the rocket engine that will be used on that launch vehicle, in order to ensure ro-bust competition and continued assured ac-cess to space. 
SA 4510. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle H of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 399C. MANAGEMENT OF CERTAIN LITIGA-TION ON BEHALF OF INDEMNIFIED PRIVATE CONTRACTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In cases where litigation between an indemnified Department of De-fense contractor and a member of the Armed Forces exceeds a period of two years without final judgement or settlement, and where the Department has a contractual right to take charge of the litigation on behalf of the con-tractor, the Department shall exercise that right. In doing so, the Department shall en-sure the fiscal burden on taxpayers is mini-mized by avoiding lengthy and expensive litigation, while simultaneously resolving the claim in a way that meets the Depart-ment’s obligations to members of the Armed Forces and their families in a fair and timely manner. (b) I
NDEMNIFIED DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  C
ONTRACTOR DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘indemnified Department of Defense contractor’’ means a contractor that has been indemnified by the Department of De-fense against civil judgments or liability for injuries, sickness, or death of members of the Armed Forces related to their work with the contractor. 
SA 4511. Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. ENHANCED PENALTIES AND OTHER TOOLS RELATED TO MARITIME OF-FENSES AND ACTS OF NUCLEAR TERRORISM. 
(a) P ENALTIES FOR MARITIME OFFENSES .— (1) P
ENALTIES FOR VIOLENCE AGAINST MARI -
TIME NAVIGATION .—Section 2280a(a)(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended, in the undesignated matter following subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘punished by death or’’ be-fore ‘‘imprisoned for any term’’. (2) P
ENALTIES FOR OFFENSES AGAINST MARI -
TIME FIXED PLATFORMS .—Section 2281a(a)(1) of such title is amended, in the undesignated matter following subparagraph (C), by in-serting ‘‘punished by death or’’ before ‘‘im-prisoned for any term’’. (b) P
ENALTIES FOR ACTS OF NUCLEAR TER-
RORISM .—Section 2332i(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) P
ENALTIES .—Any person who violates this section shall be punished as provided under section 2332a(a).’’. (c) P
ROVIDING MATERIAL SUPPORT TO TER-
RORISTS PREDICATES .— (1) M
ARITIME OFFENSES .—Section 2339A(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘2280a,’’ after ‘‘2280,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘2281a,’’ after ‘‘2281,’’. (2) A
CTS OF NUCLEAR TERRORISM .—Section 2339A(a) of such title, as amended by sub-section (a), is further amended by inserting ‘‘2332i,’’ after ‘‘2332f,’’. (d) WIRETAP AUTHORIZATION PREDICATES .— (1) M
ARITIME OFFENSES .—Section 2516(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (p), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (B) in paragraph (q), by inserting ‘‘, section 2280, 2280a, 2281, or 2281a (relating to mari-time safety),’’ after ‘‘weapons)’’. (2) A
CTS OF NUCLEAR TERRORISM .—Section 2516(1)(q) of such title, as amended by sub-section (a)(2), is further amended by insert-ing ‘‘, 2332i,’’ after ‘‘2332h’’. 
SA 4512. Mr. KIRK submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. IMPROVING MEDICAL REHABILITA-TION RESEARCH AT THE NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 452 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 285g–4) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘conduct and support’’ and inserting ‘‘conduct, sup-port, and coordination’’; (2) in subsection (c)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘of the Center’’ and inserting ‘‘within the Cen-ter’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) The Director of the Cen-ter, in consultation with the Director of the Institute, the coordinating committee estab-lished under subsection (e), and the advisory board established under subsection (f), shall develop a comprehensive plan (referred to in this section as the ‘Research Plan’) for the conduct, support, and coordination of med-ical rehabilitation research.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) include goals and objectives for con-ducting, supporting, and coordinating med-ical rehabilitation research, consistent with the purpose described in subsection (b).’’; (C) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) The Director of the Center, in con-sultation with the Director of the Institute, the coordinating committee established under subsection (e), and the advisory board established under subsection (f), shall revise and update the Research Plan periodically, as appropriate, or not less than every 5 years. Not later than 30 days after the Re-search Plan is so revised and updated, the Director of the Center shall transmit the re-vised and updated Research Plan to the President, the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives.’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) The Director of the Center, in con-sultation with the Director of the Institute, shall, prior to revising and updating the Re-search Plan, prepare a report for the coordi-nating committee established under sub-section (e) and the advisory board estab-lished under subsection (f) that describes and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.046 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3585 June 7, 2016 
analyzes the progress during the preceding fiscal year in achieving the goals and objec-tives described in paragraph (2)(C) and in-cludes expenditures for rehabilitation re-search at the National Institutes of Health. The report shall include recommendations for revising and updating the Research Plan, and such initiatives as the Director of the Center and the Director of the Institute de-termine appropriate. In preparing the report, the Director of the Center and the Director of the Institute shall consult with the Direc-tor of NIH.’’; (4) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘periodi-cally host a scientific conference or work-shop on medical rehabilitation research and’’ after ‘‘The Coordinating Committee shall’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘the Di-rector of the Division of Program Coordina-tion, Planning, and Strategic Initiatives within the Office of the Director of NIH,’’ after ‘‘shall be composed of’’; (5) in subsection (f)(3)(B)— (A) by redesignating clauses (ix) through (xi) as clauses (x) through (xii), respectively; and (B) by inserting after clause (viii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ix) The Director of the Division of Pro-gram Coordination, Planning, and Strategic Initiatives.’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g)(1) The Secretary and the heads of other Federal agencies shall jointly review the programs carried out (or proposed to be carried out) by each such official with re-spect to medical rehabilitation research and, as appropriate, enter into agreements pre-venting duplication among such programs. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall, as appropriate, enter into interagency agreements relating to the coordination of medical rehabilitation research conducted by agencies of the Na-tional Institutes of Health and other agen-cies of the Federal Government. ‘‘(h) For purposes of this section, the term ‘medical rehabilitation research’ means the science of mechanisms and interventions that prevent, improve, restore, or replace lost, underdeveloped, or deteriorating func-tion.’’. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS OF CERTAIN AGREEMENTS  
FOR ENHANCING COORDINATION AND PRE-
VENTING DUPLICATIVE PROGRAMS OF MEDICAL  R
EHABILITATION RESEARCH .—Section 3 of the National Institutes of Health Amendments of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 285g–4 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘(a) I
N G
ENERAL .—’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b). 
SA 4513. Mr. VITTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 538. MODIFICATION OF DISCRETIONARY AU-THORITY TO AUTHORIZE CERTAIN ENLISTMENTS IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 504(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘if the Sec-retary’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘if— ‘‘(A) the person is lawfully present in the United States at the time of enlistment; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that such enlistment is vital to the national interest.’’. SA 4514. Mr. VITTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1227. ASSESSMENT OF INADEQUACIES IN INTERNATIONAL MONITORING AND VERIFICATION WITH RESPECT TO IRAN’S NUCLEAR PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of State, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, and the heads and other relevant officials of agencies with responsibilities under section 1078 or 1226, submit to Congress a joint assessment report detailing existing inadequacies in the inter-national monitoring and verification system, including the extent to which such inadequa-cies relate to the findings and recommenda-tions pertaining to verification short-comings identified within— (1) the September 26, 2006, Government Ac-countability Office report entitled, ‘‘Nuclear Nonproliferation: IAEA Has Strengthened Its Safeguards and Nuclear Security Programs, but Weaknesses Need to Be Addressed’’; (2) the May 16, 2013, Government Account-ability Office report entitled, ‘‘IAEA Has Made Progress in Implementing Critical Pro-grams but Continues to Face Challenges’’; (3) the Defense Science Board Study enti-tled, ‘‘Task Force on the Assessment of Nu-clear Treaty Monitoring and Verification Technologies’’; (4) the report of the International Atomic Energy Agency (in this section referred to as the ‘‘IAEA’’) entitled, ‘‘The Safeguards Sys-tem of the International Atomic Energy Agency’’ and the IAEA Safeguards State-ment for 2010; (5) the IAEA Safeguards Overview: Com-prehensive Safeguards Agreements and Addi-tional Protocols; (6) the IAEA Model Additional Protocol; (7) the IAEA February 2015 Director Gen-eral Report to the Board of Governors; and (8) other related reports on Iranian safe-guard challenges. (b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The joint assess-ment report required by subsection (a) shall include recommendations based upon the re-ports referenced in that subsection, includ-ing recommendations to overcome inadequa-cies or develop an improved monitoring framework and recommendations related to the following matters: (1) The nuclear program of Iran. (2) Development of a plan for— (A) the long-term operation and funding of increased activities of the IAEA and relevant agencies in order to maintain the necessary level of oversight with respect to Iran’s nu-clear program; (B) resolving all issues of past and present concern with the IAEA, including possible military dimensions of Iran’s nuclear pro-gram; and (C) giving IAEA inspectors access to per-sonnel, documents, and facilities involved, at any point, with nuclear or nuclear weapons- related activities of Iran. (3) A potential national strategy and im-plementation plan supported by a planning and assessment team aimed at cutting across agency boundaries or limitations that affect the ability to draw conclusions, with abso-lute assurance, about whether Iran is devel-oping a clandestine nuclear weapons pro-gram. (4) The limitations of IAEA actors. (5) Challenges in the region that may be too large to anticipate under applicable trea-ties or agreements or the national technical means monitoring regimes alone. (6) Continuation of sanctions with respect to the Government of Iran and Iranian per-sons and Iran’s proxies for— (A) ongoing abuses of human rights; (B) actions in support of the regime of Bashar al-Assad in Syria; (C) procurement, sale, or transfer of tech-nology, services, or goods that support the development or acquisition of weapons of mass destruction or the means of delivery of those weapons; and (D) continuing sponsorship of international terrorism. (c) FORM OF REPORT .—The joint assessment report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may in-clude a classified annex. (d) P
RESIDENTIAL CERTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the joint assessment re-port is submitted under subsection (a), the President shall certify to Congress that the President has reviewed the report, including the recommendations contained therein, and has taken available actions to address exist-ing gaps within the monitoring and verification framework, including identified potential funding needs to address necessary requirements. 
SA 4515. Mr. VITTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. TERMINATION OF LAWFUL PERMA-NENT RESIDENT STATUS OF CER-TAIN ALIENS WHO RETURN TO AF-GHANISTAN WITHOUT ADVANCE PERMISSION. 
Section 602(b) of the Afghan Allies Protec-tion Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (10) through (16) as paragraphs (11) through (17), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (9), the fol-lowing: ‘‘(10) T
ERMINATION OF LAWFUL PERMANENT  
RESIDENCE UPON UNAUTHORIZED RETURN TO AF -
GHANISTAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall terminate the lawful per-manent resident status of any alien granted such status under paragraph (9) who is out-side the United States if the Secretary deter-mines that the alien has visited Afghanistan without obtaining advance permission to travel pursuant to subparagraph (D)(ii). ‘‘(B) S
ERVICE .—The termination of lawful permanent residence status under subpara-graph (A) shall be effective on the date that is 3 days after the date on which the Sec-retary serves notice of such termination— ‘‘(i) by publishing such notice in the Fed-eral Register; ‘‘(ii) by mailing such notice to the alien’s most recent United States address, as pro-vided to the Secretary under section 265 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.046 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3586 June 7, 2016 
the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1305) or otherwise under the immigra-tion laws; or ‘‘(iii) through personal service on the alien abroad in accordance with applicable law. ‘‘(C) C
HALLENGE TO NOTICE OF TERMI -
NATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An alien whose status is terminated pursuant to subparagraph (A) may challenge such termination by seeking admission as an immigrant at a designated United States port of entry not later than 180 days after the effective date of such ter-mination. ‘‘(ii) R
EMOVAL PROCEEDING .—If an alien challenges a termination in accordance with clause (i), the Secretary shall place the alien in a removal proceeding under section 240 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a). For the purpose of such re-moval proceeding, the alien shall be consid-ered to be an alien lawfully admitted for per-manent residence who is seeking an admis-sion into the United States. If the alien pre-vails in the removal proceeding, or on a peti-tion for review of such proceeding under sec-tion 242 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1252), the alien shall be admitted to the United States for lawful permanent residence. If the alien does not prevail in the removal proceeding, or on a petition for review of such proceeding, the alien shall be removed from the United States. ‘‘(D) T
RAVEL .—The Secretary of Homeland Security— ‘‘(i) upon receiving a request from an alien challenging a notice of termination under subparagraph (C), shall authorize travel of the alien to a designated United States port of entry for the purpose of the removal pro-ceeding described in subparagraph (C)(ii); and ‘‘(ii) shall establish a process through which an alien granted lawful permanent residence under this section may apply in ad-vance for permission to travel to Afghani-stan. ‘‘(E) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Except as specifi-cally provided under subparagraph (C), and notwithstanding any other provision of law (statutory or nonstatutory), including sec-tion 2241 of title 28, United States Code, or any other habeas corpus provision, and sec-tions 1361 and 1651 of such title, no court shall have jurisdiction to review any deter-mination made by the Secretary under this paragraph. ‘‘(F) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph may be construed— ‘‘(i) to authorize any alien whose status has not been terminated under this para-graph to travel to or to be admitted to the United States; ‘‘(ii) to require the Secretary to terminate the status of an alien under this subsection so that the alien may travel to the United States for the purpose of a removal pro-ceeding or for any other reason; or ‘‘(iii) to limit the applicability of any no- fly list or other travel security or public health measure otherwise authorized by law.’’; and (3) in paragraph (14), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraph (12)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (13)(B)’’. 
SA 4516. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Strike section 945. 
SA 4517. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 973. 
SA 4518. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1049. 
SA 4519. Mr. BURR (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1052. 
SA 4520. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1194, line 24, strike ‘‘committees’’ and insert ‘‘committees, the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives’’. 
SA 4521. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1606. 
SA 4522. Mr. BURR (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Strike section 1633 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1633. PROCESS FOR ENDING OF ARRANGE-MENT IN WHICH THE COMMANDER OF THE UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND IS ALSO DIRECTOR OF THE NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the ending of the arrangement (com-monly referred to as a ‘‘dual-hat arrange-ment’’) under which the Commander of the United States Cyber Command also serves as the Director of the National Security Agen-cy needs to be carefully considered and done through conditions-based criteria; and (2) until such arrangement is ended, it is important to ensure such arrangement does not impede the Director’s service of national requirements. (b) P
ROCESSES FOR ENDING OF CURRENT AR-
RANGEMENT .—The Secretary of Defense may not take action to end the arrangement de-scribed in subsection (a) until— (1) the Secretary and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff jointly determine and certify to the appropriate committees of Congress that the end of that arrangement will not pose risks to the military effective-ness of the United States Cyber Command that are unacceptable in the national secu-rity interests of the United States; or (2) the Director of National Intelligence determines and certifies to the appropriate committees of Congress that the continu-ation of that arrangement poses risks and impedes the appropriate prioritization of na-tional requirements. (c) C
ONDITIONS -BASED CRITERIA .—The Sec- retary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Director of National Intelligence shall develop criteria for assess-ing the military and intelligence necessity and benefit of the arrangement described in subsection (a). The criteria shall be based on measures of the operational dependence of the United States Cyber Command on the National Security Agency and the ability of each organization to accomplish their roles and responsibilities independent of the other. The conditions to be evaluated shall include the following: (1) The sufficiency of operational infra-structure. (2) The sufficiency of command and control systems and processes for planning, deconflicting, and executing military cyber operations, tools and weapons for achieving required effects. (3) Technical intelligence collection and operational preparation of the environment capabilities. (4) The ability to train personnel, test ca-pabilities, and rehearse missions. (5) The ability to meet national intel-ligence requirements. (6) The ability to correctly and impartially conduct intelligence gain and loss assess-ments in scenarios with competing require-ments. (d) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 90 days of the date of the enactment of this Act and annu-ally thereafter until a certification is made in accordance with subsection (b)— (1) the Secretary of Defense and the Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall submit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.047 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3587 June 7, 2016 
to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that describes which of the conditions set out under subsection (c) have not been met; and (2) the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an assessment of the Director’s continuing ability to meet national require-ments and appropriately conduct intel-ligence gain and loss assessments in sce-narios with competing requirements. (e) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SA 4523. Mr. BURR (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1207, line 13, strike ‘‘ LIMITATION  
ON’’ and insert ‘‘ PROCESS FOR ’’. On page 1207, line 18, insert ‘‘ending of the’’ after ‘‘that the’’. On page 1207, beginning on line 21, strike ‘‘is in the national security interests of the United States.’’ and insert ‘‘needs to be care-fully considered and done through condi-tions-based criteria and, until such arrange-ment is ended, it is important to ensure such arrangement does not impede the Director’s service of national intelligence require-ments.’’. On page 1207, line 23, strike ‘‘L
IMITATION  
ON’’ and insert ‘‘P ROCESS FOR ’’. On page 1207, line 25, strike ‘‘until’’ and in-sert ‘‘until—’’. Beginning on page 1207, line 25, strike ‘‘the Secretary’’ and all that follows through page 1208, line 6, and insert the following: (1) the Secretary and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff jointly determine and certify to the appropriate committees of Congress that the end of that arrangement will not pose risks to the military effective-ness of the United States Cyber Command that are unacceptable in the national secu-rity interests of the United States; or (2) the Director of National Intelligence determines and certifies to the appropriate committees of Congress that the continu-ation of that arrangement poses risks and impedes the appropriate prioritization of na-tional intelligence requirements. On page 1208, beginning on line 7, strike ‘‘Secretary and the Chairman’’ and insert ‘‘Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence’’. On page 1209, strike lines 3 through 12, and insert the following: (5) The ability to meet national intel-ligence requirements. (6) The ability to correctly and impartially conduct intelligence gain and loss assess-ments in scenarios with competing require-ments. (d) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 90 days of the date of the enactment of this Act and annu-ally thereafter until a certification is made in accordance with subsection (b)— (1) the Secretary of Defense and the Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that describes which of the conditions set out under subsection (c) have not been met; and (2) the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an assessment of the Director’s continuing ability to meet national intel-ligence requirements and appropriately con-duct intelligence gain and loss assessments in scenarios with competing requirements. (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—The term ‘‘appropriate commit-tees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) N
ATIONAL INTELLIGENCE .—The term ‘‘na-tional intelligence’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3 of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
SA 4524. Mr. BURR (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1633 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1633. PROCESS FOR ENDING OF ARRANGE-MENT IN WHICH THE COMMANDER OF THE UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND IS ALSO DIRECTOR OF THE NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the ending of the arrangement (com-monly referred to as a ‘‘dual-hat arrange-ment’’) under which the Commander of the United States Cyber Command also serves as the Director of the National Security Agen-cy needs to be carefully considered and done through conditions-based criteria; and (2) until such arrangement is ended, it is important to ensure such arrangement does not impede the Director’s service of national intelligence requirements. (b) P
ROCESSES FOR ENDING OF CURRENT AR-
RANGEMENT .—The Secretary of Defense may not take action to end the arrangement de-scribed in subsection (a) until— (1) the Secretary and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff jointly determine and certify to the appropriate committees of Congress that the end of that arrangement will not pose risks to the military effective-ness of the United States Cyber Command that are unacceptable in the national secu-rity interests of the United States; or (2) the Director of National Intelligence determines and certifies to the appropriate committees of Congress that the continu-ation of that arrangement poses risks and impedes the appropriate prioritization of na-tional intelligence requirements. (c) C
ONDITIONS -BASED CRITERIA .—The Sec- retary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Director of National Intelligence shall develop criteria for assess-ing the military and intelligence necessity and benefit of the arrangement described in subsection (a). The criteria shall be based on measures of the operational dependence of the United States Cyber Command on the National Security Agency and the ability of each organization to accomplish their roles and responsibilities independent of the other. The conditions to be evaluated shall include the following: (1) The sufficiency of operational infra-structure. (2) The sufficiency of command and control systems and processes for planning, deconflicting, and executing military cyber operations, tools and weapons for achieving required effects. (3) Technical intelligence collection and operational preparation of the environment capabilities. (4) The ability to train personnel, test ca-pabilities, and rehearse missions. (5) The ability to meet national intel-ligence requirements. (6) The ability to correctly and impartially conduct intelligence gain and loss assess-ments in scenarios with competing require-ments. (d) REPORTS .—Not later than 90 days of the date of the enactment of this Act and annu-ally thereafter until a certification is made in accordance with subsection (b)— (1) the Secretary of Defense and the Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that describes which of the conditions set out under subsection (c) have not been met; and (2) the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an assessment of the Director’s continuing ability to meet national intel-ligence requirements and appropriately con-duct intelligence gain and loss assessments in scenarios with competing requirements. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—The term ‘‘appropriate commit-tees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) N
ATIONAL INTELLIGENCE .—The term ‘‘na-tional intelligence’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3 of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
SA 4525. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1242, line 4, strike ‘‘committees’’ and insert ‘‘committees, the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives,’’. 
SA 4526. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.054 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3588 June 7, 2016 
and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 829K. PREFERENCE FOR POTENTIAL DE-FENSE CONTRACTORS THAT CARRY OUT CERTAIN STEM-RELATED AC-TIVITIES. 
In evaluating offers submitted in response to a solicitation for contracts, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a preference to any offeror that— (1) establishes or enhances undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral programs in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (in this section referred to as ‘‘STEM’’ dis-ciplines); (2) makes investments, such as program-ming and curriculum development, in STEM programs within elementary and secondary schools, including those that support the needs of military children; (3) encourages employees to volunteer in schools eligible for assistance under part A of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.) in order to enhance STEM education and programs; (4) makes personnel available to advise and assist faculty at colleges and universities in the performance of STEM research and dis-ciplines critical to the functions of the De-partment of Defense; (5) establishes partnerships between the of-feror and historically Black colleges and uni-versities (HBCUs) and other minority-serv-ing institutions for the purpose of training students in scientific disciplines; (6) awards scholarships and fellowships, and establishes cooperative work-education programs in scientific disciplines; (7) attracts and retains faculty involved in scientific disciplines critical to the functions of the Department of Defense; (8) conducts recruitment activities at uni-versities and community colleges, including HBCUs, or offers internships or apprentice-ships; or (9) establishes programs and outreach ef-forts to strengthen STEM. 
SA 4527. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. B EN-
NET) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1180, strike lines 1 through 5 and insert the following: (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the Government of Paki-stan’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘any country that the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, has identified as critical for countering the movement of precursor materials for impro-vised explosive devices into Syria, Iraq, or Afghanistan.’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Gov-ernment of Pakistan’’ and inserting ‘‘a coun-try’’; (3) in paragraph (3), striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(A) listing each country identified pursu-ant to paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) detailing the amount of funds to be used with respect to each country identified pursuant to paragraph (1) and the training, equipment, supplies, and services to be pro-vided to such country; ‘‘(C) evaluating the effectiveness of efforts by each country identified pursuant to para-graph (1) to counter the movement of pre-cursor materials for improvised explosive de-vices; and ‘‘(D) setting forth the overall plan to in-crease the counter-improvised explosive de-vice capability of each country identified pursuant to paragraph (1).’’; and (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (c) SENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the United States Government should continue and should increase interagency ef-forts to disrupt the flow of improvised explo-sive devices (IED), precursor chemicals, and components into conflict areas such as Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan; (2) the Department of Defense has made sizeable investments to attack the network, defeat the device, and facilitate protection of United States forces for many years and throughout the relevant theaters of oper-ation; and (3) it is essential that the continuing ef-forts of the United States to counter impro-vised explosive devices leverage all instru-ments of national power, including engage-ment and investment from diplomatic, eco-nomic, and law enforcement departments and agencies. 
SA 4528. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 554. REPORTS ON INCIDENTS OF SEXUAL AS-SAULT MADE BY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES TO HEALTH CARE PERSONNEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TREATABLE AS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE RE-STRICTED REPORTS. 
(a) T REATMENT AT ELECTION OF MEMBERS .— Under procedures established by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, a report on an in-cident of sexual assault made by a member of the Armed Forces while undergoing a Sep-aration History and Physical Examination to such health care personnel of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs performing the ex-amination as the Secretary shall specify for purposes of such procedures may, at the elec-tion of the member, be treated as a Re-stricted Report on the incident for Depart-ment of Defense purposes. (b) T
RANSMITTAL TO DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE .—Under procedures jointly established by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense, a report on an incident of sexual assault treated as a Restricted Re-port pursuant to subsection (a) shall be transmitted by the Department of Veterans Affairs to such personnel of the Department of Defense who are authorized to access Re-stricted Reports on incidents of sexual as-sault as the Secretary of Defense shall speci-fy for purposes of such procedures. The transmittal shall be made in a manner that preserves for all purposes the confidential nature of the report as a Restricted Report. SA 4529. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 562 and insert the following: 
SEC. 562. MODIFICATION OF PROGRAM TO ASSIST MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES IN OBTAINING PROFESSIONAL CRE-DENTIALS. 
(a) S COPE OF PROGRAM .—Subsection (a)(1) of section 2015 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘incident to the per-formance of their military duties’’. (b) Q
UALITY ASSURANCE OF CERTIFICATION  P
ROGRAMS AND STANDARDS .—Subsection (c) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘under subsection (a) is accredited by’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘under subsection (a)— ‘‘(A) is accredited by an accreditation body that meets the requirements in paragraph (2); or ‘‘(B) meets requirements in paragraph (3) or (4).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) A credentialing program meets the re-quirements in this paragraph if— ‘‘(A) the program results in a recognized postsecondary credential, including— ‘‘(i) an industry recognized certificate or certification, including a credential recog-nized by employers within an industry or sector to meet employment requirements, or where appropriate, a credential endorsed by a nationally-recognized trade association or organization representing a significant part of the industry or sector; ‘‘(ii) a certificate of completion of a reg-istered apprenticeship; or ‘‘(iii) a license recognized by a State or the Federal Government; or ‘‘(B) the credential granted by the program meets standards established by a Federal agency. ‘‘(4) A credentialing program meets the re-quirements in this paragraph if the program is provided by an eligible training provider under section 122 of the Workforce Innova-tion and Opportunity Act (Public Law 113– 128).’’. (c) R
EGULATIONS .—Subsection (d)(3) of such section is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following new subparagraph (D): ‘‘(D) With respect to the provision of cre-dentials under this section that are accepted or preferred by employers within an industry or sector, mechanisms to verify that— ‘‘(i) such credentials are in fact required or preferred for such employment (or advance-ment in such employment); and ‘‘(ii) the provider of such credentialing pro-grams meet quality assurance criteria as the Secretary concerned, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, considers appro-priate necessary to safeguard the integrity of the credentialing program and provide ef-fective stewardship of Federal resources.’’. 
SA 4530. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.054 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3589 June 7, 2016 
of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. CLARIFICATION OF PRESUMPTIONS OF EXPOSURE FOR VETERANS WHO SERVED IN VICINITY OF REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM. 
(a) C OMPENSATION .—Subsections (a)(1) and (f) of section 1116 of title 38, United States Code, are amended by inserting ‘‘(including its territorial seas)’’ after ‘‘served in the Re-public of Vietnam’’ each place such phrase appears. (b) H
EALTH CARE.—Section 1710(e)(4) of such title is amended by inserting ‘‘(includ-ing its territorial seas)’’ after ‘‘served on ac-tive duty in the Republic of Vietnam’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall take ef-fect as if enacted on September 25, 1985. 
SEC. 1098. TEMPORARY VISA FEE FOR EMPLOY-ERS WITH MORE THAN 50 PERCENT FOREIGN WORKFORCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 411 of the Air Transportation Safety and System Stabiliza-tion Act (49 U.S.C. 40101 note), as added by section 402(g) of the James Zadroga 9/11 Vic-tim Compensation Fund Reauthorization Act (title IV of division O of Public Law 114–113), is amended— (1) by amending to section heading to read as follows: ‘‘
TEMPORARY VISA FEE FOR EMPLOY -
ERS WITH MORE THAN 50 PERCENT FOREIGN  
WORKFORCE ’’; and (2) by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) T
EMPORARY L V ISAFEEINCREASE .— Notwithstanding section 281 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1351) or any other provision of law, the filing fee re-quired to be submitted with a petition filed under section 101(a)(15)(L) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(L)), except for an amended peti-tion without an extension of stay request, shall be increased by $4,500 for petitioners that employ 50 or more employees in the United States if more than 50 percent of the petitioner’s employees are nonimmigrants described in subparagraph (H)(1)(b) or (L) of section 101(a)(15) of such Act. This fee shall also apply to petitioners described in this subsection who file an individual petition on the basis of an approved blanket petition. ‘‘(b) T
EMPORARY H-1BVISAFEEINCREASE .— Notwithstanding section 281 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1351) or any other provision of law, the filing fee re-quired to be submitted with a petition under section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b)), except for an amended petition without an extension of stay re-quest, shall be increased by $4,000 for peti-tioners that employ 50 or more employees in the United States if more than 50 percent of the petitioner’s employees are non-immigrants described in subparagraph (H)(1)(b) or (L) of section 101(a)(15) of such Act.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATES .—The amendments made by subsection (a)— (1) shall take effect on the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) shall apply to any petition filed during the period beginning on such effective date and ending on September 30, 2025. 
SA 4531. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. S
CHUMER , and Mr. M ENENDEZ ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. IMPLEMENTATION OF OUTSTANDING TRANSPORTATION SECURITY RE-QUIREMENTS. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall, at a minimum, complete sections 1512 and 1517 of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1162 and 1167). 
SA 4532. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 877. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON SOLID ROCKET MOTOR (SRM) INDUS-TRIAL BASE FOR TACTICAL MIS-SILES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 31, 2017, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the solid rock-et motor (SRM) industrial base for tactical missiles. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) A review of all Department of Defense reports that have been published since 2009 on the United States tactical solid rocket motor (SRM) industrial base, together with the analyses underlying such reports. (2) An examination of the factors the De-partment uses in awarding SRM contracts and that Department of Defense contractors use in awarding SRM subcontracts, including cost, schedule, technical qualifications, sup-ply chain diversification, past performance, and other evaluation factors, such as meet-ing offset obligations under foreign military sales agreements. (3) An assessment of the foreign-built por-tion of the United States SRM market and of the effectiveness of actions taken by the De-partment to address the declining state of the United States tactical SRM industrial base. 
SA 4533. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle J—Open Government Data 
SEC. 1097. SHORT TITLE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Open, Public, Electronic, and Necessary Government Data Act’’ or the ‘‘OPEN Government Data Act’’. 
SEC. 1098. FINDINGS; AGENCY DEFINED. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Federal Government data is a valuable national resource. Managing Federal Gov-ernment data to make it open, available, dis-coverable, and useable to the general public, businesses, journalists, academics, and advo-cates promotes efficiency and effectiveness in Government, creates economic opportuni-ties, promotes scientific discovery, and most importantly, strengthens our democracy. (2) Maximizing the usefulness of Federal Government data that is appropriate for re-lease rests upon making it readily available, discoverable, and usable—in a word: open. In-formation presumptively should be available to the general public unless the Federal Gov-ernment reasonably foresees that disclosure could harm a specific, articulable interest protected by law or the Federal Government is otherwise expressly prohibited from re-leasing such data due to statutory require-ments. (3) The Federal Government has the re-sponsibility to be transparent and account-able to its citizens. (4) Data controlled, collected, or created by the Federal Government should be origi-nated, transmitted, and published in modern, open, and electronic format, to be as readily accessible as possible, consistent with data standards imbued with authority under this subtitle and to the extent permitted by law. (5) The effort to inventory Government data will have additional benefits, including identifying opportunities within agencies to reduce waste, increase efficiencies, and save taxpayer dollars. As such, this effort should involve many types of data, including data generated by applications, devices, net-works, and equipment, which can be har-nessed to improve operations, lower energy consumption, reduce costs, and strengthen security. (6) Communication, commerce, and data transcend national borders. Global access to Government information is often essential to promoting innovation, scientific discovery, entrepreneurship, education, and the general welfare. (b) A
GENCY DEFINED .—In this subtitle, the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code, and includes the Federal Election Commission. 
SEC. 1099. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this subtitle, or the amend-ments made by this subtitle, shall be con-strued to require the disclosure of informa-tion or records that are exempt from public disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Free-dom of Information Act’’). 
SEC. 1099A. FEDERAL INFORMATION POLICY DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3502 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (14), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) the term ‘data’ means recorded infor-mation, regardless of form or the media on which the data is recorded; ‘‘(16) the term ‘data asset’ means a collec-tion of data elements or data sets that may be grouped together; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.055 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3590 June 7, 2016 
‘‘(17) the term ‘Enterprise Data Inventory’ means the data inventory developed and maintained pursuant to section 3523; ‘‘(18) the term ‘machine-readable’ means a format in which information or data can be easily processed by a computer without human intervention while ensuring no se-mantic meaning is lost; ‘‘(19) the term ‘metadata’ means structural or descriptive information about data such as content, format, source, rights, accuracy, provenance, frequency, periodicity, granu-larity, publisher or responsible party, con-tact information, method of collection, and other descriptions; ‘‘(20) the term ‘nonpublic data asset’— ‘‘(A) means a data asset that may not be made available to the public for privacy, se-curity, confidentiality, regulation, or other reasons as determined by law; and ‘‘(B) includes data provided by contractors that is protected by contract, license, pat-ent, trademark, copyright, confidentiality, regulation, or other restriction; ‘‘(21) the term ‘open format’ means a tech-nical format based on an underlying open standard that is— ‘‘(A) not encumbered by restrictions that would impede use or reuse; and ‘‘(B) based on an underlying open standard that is maintained by a standards organiza-tion; ‘‘(22) the term ‘open Government data’ means a Federal Government public data asset that is— ‘‘(A) machine-readable; ‘‘(B) available in an open format; and ‘‘(C) part of the worldwide public domain or, if necessary, published with an open li-cense; ‘‘(23) the term ‘open license’ means a legal guarantee applied to a data asset that is made available to the public that such data asset is made available— ‘‘(A) at no cost to the public; and ‘‘(B) with no restrictions on copying, pub-lishing, distributing, transmitting, citing, or adapting; and ‘‘(24) the term ‘public data asset’ means a collection of data elements or a data set maintained by the Government that— ‘‘(A) may be released; or ‘‘(B) has been released to the public in an open format and is discoverable through a search of Data.gov.’’. 
SEC. 1099B. REQUIREMENT FOR MAKING OPEN AND MACHINE-READABLE THE DE-FAULT FOR GOVERNMENT DATA. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 3522. Requirements for Government data ‘‘(a) M
ACHINE -READABLE DATAREQUIRED .— Government data assets made available by an agency shall be published as machine- readable data. ‘‘(b) O
PEN BY DEFAULT .—When not other-wise prohibited by law, and to the extent practicable, Government data assets shall— ‘‘(1) be available in an open format; and ‘‘(2) be available under open licenses. ‘‘(c) O
PEN LICENSE OR WORLDWIDE PUBLIC  D
OMAIN DEDICATION REQUIRED .—When not otherwise prohibited by law, and to the ex-tent practicable, Government data assets published by or for an agency shall be made available under an open license or, if not made available under an open license and ap-propriately released, shall be considered to be published as part of the worldwide public domain. ‘‘(d) I
NNOVATION .—Each agency may engage with nongovernmental organizations, citi-zens, non-profit organizations, colleges and universities, private and public companies, and other agencies to explore opportunities to leverage the agency’s public data asset in a manner that may provide new opportuni-ties for innovation in the public and private sectors in accordance with law and regula-tion.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 3521 the following: ‘‘3522. Requirements for Government data.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Notwithstanding sec-tion 1099G, the amendments made by sub-sections (a) and (b) shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act and shall apply with respect to any contract entered into by an agency on or after such effective date. (d) U
SE OF OPENDATAASSETS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the head of each agency shall en-sure that any activities by the agency or any new contract entered into by the agency meet the requirements of section 3522 of title 44, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a). 
SEC. 1099C. RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE OFFICE OF ELECTRONIC GOVERNMENT. 
(a) C OORDINATION OF FEDERAL INFORMATION  R
ESOURCES MANAGEMENT POLICY .—Section 3503 of title 44, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION OF FEDERAL INFORMA -
TION RESOURCES MANAGEMENT POLICY .—The Federal Chief Information Officer shall work in coordination with the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Af-fairs and with the heads of other offices within the Office of Management and Budget to oversee and advise the Director on Fed-eral information resources management pol-icy.’’. (b) A
UTHORITY AND FUNCTIONS OF DIREC-
TOR.—Section 3504(h) of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, the Federal Chief Information Officer,’’ after ‘‘the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology’’; (2) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) oversee the completeness of the Enter-prise Data Inventory and the extent to which the agency is making all data collected and generated by the agency available to the public in accordance with section 3523;’’; (3) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) coordinate the development and re-view of Federal information resources man-agement policy by the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs and the Federal Chief Information Officer.’’. (c) C
HANGE OF NAME OF THE OFFICE OF  E
LECTRONIC GOVERNMENT .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 3601 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (1); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (4) as paragraphs (1) through (3), re-spectively; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (3), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(4) ‘Federal Chief Information Officer’ means the Federal Chief Information Officer of the Office of the Federal Chief Informa-tion Officer established under section 3602;’’. (2) O
FFICE OF THE FEDERAL CHIEF INFORMA -
TION OFFICER .—Section 3602 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘Of-fice of the Federal Chief Information Offi-cer’’; (C) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘an Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘a Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (D) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘The Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (E) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘The Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (F) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘The Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (G) in subsection (f)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Administrator shall’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Of-ficer shall’’; and (ii) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘the Of-fice of Electronic Government’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the Office of the Federal Chief Informa-tion Officer’’; and (H) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘the Of-fice of Electronic Government’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the Office of the Federal Chief Informa-tion Officer’’. (3) CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICERS COUNCIL .— Section 3603 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘The Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (B) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘The Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Officer’’; and (C) in subsection (f)(3), by striking ‘‘the Administrator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (4) E–G
OVERNMENT FUND .—Section 3604 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Federal Chief Information Officer’’; and (C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘the Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (5) P
ROGRAM TO ENCOURAGE INNOVATIVE SO -
LUTIONS TO ENHANCE ELECTRONIC GOVERNMENT  
SERVICES AND PROCESSES .—Section 3605 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘The Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘, the Ad-ministrator,’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Federal Chief Information Officer,’’; and (C) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘The Administrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Of-ficer’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘proposals submitted to the Administrator’’ and inserting ‘‘proposals submitted to the Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’; and (iii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘the Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (6) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 36 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 3602 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘3602. Office of the Federal Chief Infor-mation Officer.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.048 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3591 June 7, 2016 
(B) P OSITIONS AT LEVEL III .—Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘Fed-eral Chief Information Officer’’. (C) O
FFICE OF ELECTRONIC GOVERNMENT .— Section 507 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘The Office of Elec-tronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘The Of-fice of the Federal Chief Information Offi-cer’’. (D) E
LECTRONIC GOVERNMENT AND INFORMA -
TION TECHNOLOGIES .—Section 305 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (E) C
APITAL PLANNING AND INVESTMENT CON -
TROL .—Section 11302(c)(4) of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Admin-istrator of the Office of Electronic Govern-ment’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (F) R
ESOURCES , PLANNING , AND PORTFOLIO  
MANAGEMENT .—The second subsection (c) of section 11319 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (G) A
DDITIONAL TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING  
AMENDMENTS .— (i) Section 2222(i)(6) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 3601(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3601(3)’’. (ii) Section 506D(k)(1) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3100(k)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 3601(4)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 3601(3)’’. (7) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The amend-ments made by this subsection are for the purpose of changing the name of the Office of Electronic Government and the Adminis-trator of such office and shall not be con-strued to affect any of the substantive provi-sions of the provisions amended or to require a new appointment by the President. 
SEC. 1099D. DATA INVENTORY AND PLANNING. 
(a) E NTERPRISE DATAINVENTORY .— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by section 1099B, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 3523. Enterprise data inventory ‘‘(a) A
GENCY DATAINVENTORY REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to develop a clear and comprehensive understanding of the data assets in the possession of an agen-cy, the head of each agency, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, shall develop and maintain an enterprise data inventory (in this section referred to as the ‘Enterprise Data Inven-tory’) that accounts for any data asset cre-ated, collected, under the control or direc-tion of, or maintained by the agency after the effective date of this section, with the ul-timate goal of including all data assets, to the extent practicable. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The Enterprise Data In-ventory shall include each of the following: ‘‘(A) Data assets used in agency informa-tion systems, including program administra-tion, statistical, and financial activity. ‘‘(B) Data assets shared or maintained across agency programs and bureaus. ‘‘(C) Data assets that are shared among agencies or created by more than 1 agency. ‘‘(D) A clear indication of all data assets that can be made publicly available under section 552 of title 5 (commonly referred to as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’). ‘‘(E) A description of whether the agency has determined that an individual data asset may be made publicly available and whether the data asset is currently available to the public. ‘‘(F) Non-public data assets. ‘‘(G) Government data assets generated by applications, devices, networks, and equip-ment, categorized by source type. ‘‘(b) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Chief In-formation Officer of each agency shall use the guidance provided by the Director issued pursuant to section 3504(a)(1)(C)(ii) to make public data assets included in the Enterprise Data Inventory publicly available in an open format and under an open license. ‘‘(c) N
ON-PUBLIC DATA.—Non-public data included in the Enterprise Data Inventory may be maintained in a non-public section of the inventory. ‘‘(d) A
VAILABILITY OF ENTERPRISE DATAIN-
VENTORY .—The Chief Information Officer of each agency— ‘‘(1) shall make the Enterprise Data Inven-tory available to the public on Data.gov; ‘‘(2) shall ensure that access to the Enter-prise Data Inventory and the data contained therein is consistent with applicable law and regulation; and ‘‘(3) may implement paragraph (1) in a manner that maintains a non-public portion of the Enterprise Data Inventory. ‘‘(e) R
EGULAR UPDATES REQUIRED .—The Chief Information Officer of each agency shall— ‘‘(1) to the extent practicable, complete the Enterprise Data Inventory for the agency not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this section; and ‘‘(2) add additional data assets to the En-terprise Data Inventory for the agency not later than 90 days after the date on which the data asset is created or identified. ‘‘(f) U
SE OF EXISTING RESOURCES .—When practicable, the Chief Information Officer of each agency shall use existing procedures and systems to compile and publish the En-terprise Data Inventory for the agency.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by section 5, is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 3522 the following: ‘‘3523. Enterprise data inventory.’’. (b) S
TANDARDS FOR ENTERPRISE DATA IN-
VENTORY .—Section 3504(a)(1) of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (B)(vi), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) issue standards for the Enterprise Data Inventory described in section 3523, in-cluding— ‘‘(i) a requirement that the Enterprise Data Inventory include a compilation of metadata about agency data assets; and ‘‘(ii) criteria that the head of each agency shall use in determining whether to make a particular data asset publicly available in a manner that takes into account— ‘‘(I) the expectation of confidentiality as-sociated with an individual data asset; ‘‘(II) security considerations, including the risk that information in an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a security risk but when combined with other available information may pose such a risk; ‘‘(III) the cost and value to the public of converting the data into a manner that could be understood and used by the public; ‘‘(IV) the expectation that all data assets that would otherwise be made available under section 552 of title 5 (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’) be disclosed; and ‘‘(V) any other considerations that the Di-rector determines to be relevant.’’. (c) F
EDERAL AGENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .— Section 3506 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘secu-rity;’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘security by— ‘‘(i) using open format for any new Govern-ment data asset created or obtained on the date that is 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this clause; and ‘‘(ii) to the extent practicable, encouraging the adoption of open form for all open Gov-ernment data created or obtained before the date of enactment of this clause;’’. (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘sub-chapter; and’’ and inserting ‘‘subchapter and a review of each agency’s Enterprise Data In-ventory described in section 3523;’’; (C) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) in consultation with the Director, de-velop an open data plan as a part of the re-quirement for a strategic information re-sources management plan described in para-graph (2) that, at a minimum and to the ex-tent practicable— ‘‘(A) requires the agency to develop proc-esses and procedures that— ‘‘(i) require each new data collection mech-anism to use an open format; and ‘‘(ii) allow the agency to collaborate with non-Government entities, researchers, busi-nesses, and private citizens for the purpose of understanding how data users value and use open Government data; ‘‘(B) identifies and implements methods for collecting and analyzing digital information on data asset usage by users within and out-side of the agency, including designating a point of contact within the agency to assist the public and to respond to quality issues, usability, recommendations for improve-ments, and complaints about adherence to open data requirements in accordance with subsection (d)(2); ‘‘(C) develops and implements a process to evaluate and improve the timeliness, com-pleteness, accuracy, usefulness, and avail-ability of open Government data; ‘‘(D) requires the agency to update the plan at an interval determined by the Direc-tor; ‘‘(E) includes requirements for meeting the goals of the agency open data plan including technology, training for employees, and im-plementing procurement standards, in ac-cordance with existing law, that allow for the acquisition of innovative solutions from the public and private sector; and ‘‘(F) prohibits the dissemination and acci-dental disclosure of nonpublic data assets.’’; (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘With re-spect to’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided under subsection (j), with respect to’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘shall’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘ensure’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sources’’ and inserting ‘‘sources and uses’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding providing access to open Government data online’’ after ‘‘economical manner’’; (C) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘regularly’’; (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘provide’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (E) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘may’’ before ‘‘not’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (F) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.048 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3592 June 7, 2016 
‘‘(5) shall take the necessary precautions to ensure that the agency maintains the pro-duction and publication of data assets which are directly related to activities that protect the safety of human life or property, as iden-tified by the open data plan of the agency re-quired by subsection (b)(6); and ‘‘(6) may engage the public in using open Government data and encourage collabora-tion by— ‘‘(A) publishing information on open Gov-ernment data usage in regular, timely inter-vals, but not less than annually; ‘‘(B) receiving public input regarding prior-ities for the analysis and disclosure of data assets to be published; ‘‘(C) assisting civil society groups and members of the public working to expand the use of open Government data; and ‘‘(D) hosting challenges, competitions, events, or other initiatives designed to cre-ate additional value from open Government data.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) C
OLLECTION OF INFORMATION EXCEP -
TION.—Notwithstanding subsection (c), an agency is not required to meet the require-ments of paragraphs (2) and (3) of such sub-section if— ‘‘(1) the waiver of those requirements is ap-proved by the head of the agency; ‘‘(2) the collection of information is— ‘‘(A) online and electronic; ‘‘(B) voluntary and there is no perceived or actual tangible benefit to the provider of the information; ‘‘(C) of an extremely low burden that is typically completed in 5 minutes or less; and ‘‘(D) focused on gathering input about the performance of, or public satisfaction with, an agency providing service; and ‘‘(3) the agency publishes representative summaries of the collection of information under subsection (c).’’. (d) R
EPOSITORY .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall collaborate with the Office of Government Information Services and the Administrator of General Services to develop and maintain an online repository of tools, best practices, and sche-ma standards to facilitate the adoption of open data practices. The repository shall— (1) include definitions, regulation and pol-icy, checklists, and case studies related to open data, this subtitle, and the amendments made by this subtitle; and (2) facilitate collaboration and the adop-tion of best practices across the Federal Gov-ernment relating to the adoption of open data practices. (e) S
YSTEMATIC AGENCY REVIEW OF OPER-
ATIONS .—Section 305 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘To the extent practicable, each agency shall use existing data to sup-port such reviews if the data is accurate and complete.’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) determining the status of achieving the mission, goals, and objectives of the agency as described in the strategic plan of the agency published pursuant to section 306;’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) O
PENDATACOMPLIANCE REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, and every 2 years there-after, the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget shall electronically publish a report on agency performance and compli-ance with the Open, Public, Electronic, and Necessary Government Data Act and the amendments made by that Act.’’. (f) GAO REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that identifies— (1) the value of information made available to the public as a result of this subtitle and the amendments made by this subtitle; (2) whether it is valuable to expand the publicly available information to any other data assets; and (3) the completeness of the Enterprise Data Inventory at each agency required under sec-tion 3523 of title 44, United States Code, as added by this section. 
SEC. 8. TECHNOLOGY PORTAL. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 3511 the following: ‘‘§ 3511A. Technology portal ‘‘(a) D
ATA.GOV REQUIRED .—The Adminis-trator of General Services shall maintain a single public interface online as a point of entry dedicated to sharing open Government data with the public. ‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION WITH AGENCIES .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall determine, after consultation with the head of each agency and the Admin-istrator of General Services, the method to access any open Government data published through the interface described in subsection (a).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by this subtitle, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3511 the following: ‘‘3511A. Technology portal.’’. (c) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall meet the requirements of section 3511A(a) of title 44, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a). 
SEC. 1099E. ENHANCED RESPONSIBILITIES FOR CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICERS AND CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICERS COUNCIL DUTIES. 
(a) A GENCY CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER  G
ENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES .— (1) G
ENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES .—Section 11315(b) of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) data asset management, format stand-ardization, sharing of data assets, and publi-cation of data assets; ‘‘(5) the compilation and publication of the Enterprise Data Inventory for the agency re-quired under section 3523 of title 44; ‘‘(6) ensuring that agency data conforms with open data best practices; ‘‘(7) ensuring compliance with the require-ments of subsections (b), (c), (d), and (f) of section 3506 of title 44; ‘‘(8) engaging agency employees, the pub-lic, and contractors in using open Govern-ment data and encourage collaborative ap-proaches to improving data use; ‘‘(9) supporting the agency Performance Improvement Officer in generating data to support the function of the Performance Im-provement Officer described in section 1124(a)(2) of title 31; ‘‘(10) reviewing the information technology infrastructure of the agency and the impact of such infrastructure on making data assets accessible to reduce barriers that inhibit data asset accessibility; ‘‘(11) ensuring that, to the extent prac-ticable, the agency is maximizing its own use of data, including data generated by ap-plications, devices, networks, and equipment owned by the Government and such use is not otherwise prohibited, to reduce costs, improve operations, and strengthen security and privacy protections; and ‘‘(12) identifying points of contact for roles and responsibilities related to open data use and implementation as required by the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget.’’. (2) ADDITIONAL DEFINITIONS .—Section 11315 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) A
DDITIONAL DEFINITIONS .—In this sec-tion, the terms ‘data’, ‘data asset’, ‘Enter-prise Data Inventory’, and ‘open Government data’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3502 of title 44.’’. (b) A
MENDMENT .—Section 3603(f) of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) Work with the Office of Government Information Services and the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy to promote data interoperability and com-parability of data assets across the Govern-ment.’’. 
SEC. 1099F. EVALUATION OF AGENCY ANALYT-ICAL CAPABILITIES. 
(a) A GENCY REVIEW OF EVALUATION AND  A
NALYSIS CAPABILITIES ; REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Chief Operating Officer of each agency shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget a report on the review described in subsection (b). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS OF AGENCY REVIEW .—The report required under subsection (a) shall as-sess the coverage, quality, methods, effec-tiveness, and independence of the agency’s evaluation research and analysis efforts, in-cluding each of the following: (1) A list of the activities and operations of the agency that are being evaluated and ana-lyzed and the activities and operations that have been evaluated and analyzed during the previous 5 years. (2) The extent to which the evaluations re-search and analysis efforts and related ac-tivities of the agency support the needs of various divisions within the agency. (3) The extent to which the evaluation re-search and analysis efforts and related ac-tivities of the agency address an appropriate balance between needs related to organiza-tional learning, ongoing program manage-ment, performance management, strategic management, interagency and private sector coordination, internal and external over-sight, and accountability. (4) The extent to which the agency uses methods and combinations of methods that are appropriate to agency divisions and the corresponding research questions being ad-dressed, including an appropriate combina-tion of formative and summative evaluation research and analysis approaches. (5) The extent to which evaluation and re-search capacity is present within the agency to include personnel, agency process for planning and implementing evaluation ac-tivities, disseminating best practices and findings, and incorporating employee views and feedback. (6) The extent to which the agency has the capacity to assist front-line staff and pro-gram offices to develop the capacity to use evaluation research and analysis approaches and data in the day-to-day operations. (c) GAO R
EVIEW OF AGENCY REPORTS .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.048 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3593 June 7, 2016 
the United States shall submit to Congress a report that summarizes agency findings and highlights trends from the reports submitted pursuant to subsection (a) and, if appro-priate, recommends actions to further im-prove agency capacity to use evaluation techniques and data to support evaluation efforts. 
SEC. 1099G. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This subtitle, and the amendments made by this subtitle, shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 4534. Mr. UDALL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1086, between lines 18 and 19, insert the following: ‘‘(D) Comprehensive evaluations of the short-term, medium-term, and, when appro-priate, long-term effectiveness of initiatives to build partner capacities informed by the perspectives of the recipient countries on such effectiveness of such programs and ac-tivities, including regular evaluations of such initiatives in the geographic area of re-sponsibility of each geographic combatant command, where applicable. 
SA 4535. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. MEAT OPTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Dining facilities of the Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security, in the case of the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, shall provide members of the Armed Forces on a daily basis with meat options that meet or exceed the nutri-tional standards established in the most re-cent Dietary Guidelines for Americans pub-lished under section 301 of the National Nu-trition Monitoring and Related Research Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5341). (b) P
ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act may be obligated or expended to establish or enforce ‘‘Meatless Monday’’ or any other program explicitly designed to reduce the amount of animal protein that members of the Armed Forces voluntarily consume. 
SA 4536. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. EXTENSION OF DEADLINE FOR MILI-TARY TRAINING STATES. 
(a) D ESIGNATION SUBMISSION .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, not later than October 26, 2024, in the case of a State in which an installation or activity of the Department of Defense (as defined in sec-tion 101(a)(6) of title 10, United States Code) is located, with respect to the final rule enti-tled ‘‘National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ards for Ozone’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 65292 (October 26, 2015)) (referred to in this section as the ‘‘2015 ozone standards)’’, the Governor of each State, in accordance with section 107(d) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7407(d)) shall designate all areas, or portions of areas, of the State as attainment, nonattainment, or unclassified with respect to the 2015 ozone standards. (b) D
ESIGNATION PROMULGATION .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, not later than October 26, 2025, in the case of a State in which an installation or activity of the Department of Defense is located, the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency shall promulgate final designa-tions under section 107(d) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7407(d)) for all areas of the State with respect to the 2015 ozone stand-ards, including any modification to a des-ignation submitted under subsection (a). (c) S
TATE IMPLEMENTATION PLANS .—Not- withstanding the deadline described in sec-tion 110(a)(1) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7410(a)(1)), not later than October 26, 2026, in the case of a State in which an installation or activity of the Department of Defense is located, the State shall submit to the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency an implementation plan required under that section with respect to the 2015 ozone standards. (d) P
RECONSTRUCTION PERMITS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State in which an installation or activity of the De-partment of Defense is located, the 2015 ozone standards shall not apply to the review and disposition of a preconstruction permit application required under part C or D of title I of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7470 et seq.) if the Administrator or the State, local, or tribal permitting authority, as applica-ble— (A) determines that the preconstruction permit application is complete before the date on which final designations are promul-gated; or (B) publishes a public notice of a prelimi-nary determination or draft permit before the date that is 60 days after the date on which final designations are promulgated. (2) G
UIDANCE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—In publishing any final rule establishing or re-vising a national ambient air quality stand-ard, the Administrator shall, as the Adminis-trator determines necessary to assist States, permitting authorities, and permit appli-cants, concurrently publish final regulations and guidance for implementing the national ambient air quality standard, including in-formation relating to submission and consid-eration of a preconstruction permit applica-tion under the new or revised national ambi-ent air quality standard. (3) A
PPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL AMBIENT AIR  
QUALITY STANDARD TO PRECONSTRUCTION PER -
MITTING .—If the Administrator fails to pub-lish the final regulations and guidance re-ferred to in paragraph (2) that include infor-mation relating to submission and consider-ation of a preconstruction permit applica-tion under a new or revised national ambient air quality standard concurrently with the national ambient air quality standard, the new or revised national ambient air quality standard shall not apply to the review and disposition of a preconstruction permit ap-plication until the date on which the Admin-istrator publishes the final regulations and guidance. SA 4537. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 341. MITIGATION OF RISKS POSED BY ZIKA VIRUS. 
(a) I NSECT REPELLANT AND OTHER MEAS-
URES TO PROTECT SERVICE MEMBERS FROM 
THEZIKAVIRUS.—Funds authorized to be ap-propriated by this Act or otherwise made available for operation and maintenance, De-fense-wide, shall be made available for the deployment of insect repellant and other ap-propriate measures for members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense ci-vilian personnel stationed in or deployed to areas affected by the Zika virus, as well as the treatment for insects at military instal-lations located in areas affected by the Zika virus inside and outside the United States. The Department shall provide support as ap-propriate to foreign governments to counter insects at foreign military installations where members of the Armed Forces and De-partment of Defense civilian personnel are stationed in areas affected by the Zika virus. (b) R
EPORT ON EFFORTS TO MITIGATE RISK 
TOSERVICE MEMBERS POSED BY THE ZIKA V
IRUS.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the risk members of the Armed Forces face of con-tracting the Zika virus and the mitigation efforts being taken by the Department of De-fense in response. The report shall include a strategy to counter the virus should it be-come a long-term issue. (c) A
REAS AFFECTED BY THE ZIKAVIRUS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘areas af-fected by the Zika virus’’ means areas under a level 2 or level 3 travel advisory notice issued by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention related to the Zika virus. 
SA 4538. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 862. 
SA 4539. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.048 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3594 June 7, 2016 
to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: 
SEC. 829K. PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH EMPLOYERS THAT ENGAGE IN WAGE THEFT BY STEALING EMPLOYEES’ WAGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 829H, the Secretary of Defense may not enter into any contract described in subsection (b) with any person or business that the Labor Compliance Advisor of the Department of Defense determines to have owed, during the 3-year period preceding the request for pro-posals for the contract, employees, or indi-viduals who are former employees, a cumu-lative amount of more than $100,000 in un-paid wages and associated damages resulting from violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 201 et seq.) as deter-mined by the Secretary of Labor or a court of competent jurisdiction. (b) A
PPLICABLE CONTRACT .—A contract de-scribed in this subsection is any procure-ment contract for goods and services, includ-ing construction, in which the estimated value of the supplies acquired and services required exceeds $500,000. 
SA 4540. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: 
SEC. 829K. PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH DISCRIMINATORY CONTRACTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 829H, the Secretary of Defense may not enter into any contract described in subsection (b) with any person or business that the Labor Compliance Advisor of the Department of Defense determines to have engaged, during the 3–year period preceding the request for proposals for the contract, in serious, re-peated, willful, or pervasive discrimination (as defined under Executive Order 13673 (79 Fed. Reg. 45309; relating to Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces)) on the basis of sex in the payment of wages in violation of section 6(d) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (commonly known as the ‘‘Equal Pay Act of 1963’’) (29 U.S.C. 206(d)) or of title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.). (b) A
PPLICABLE CONTRACT .—A contract de-scribed in this subsection is any procure-ment contract for goods and services, includ-ing construction, in which the estimated value of the supplies acquired and services required exceeds $500,000. 
SA 4541. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 565. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REPORT ON THE DEMOGRAPHIC COMPOSITION OF THE SERVICE ACADEMIES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the demographic composition of the service academies. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include, for each service academy, the following: (1) The gender and ethnic group (in this subsection referred as the ‘‘demographic composition’’) of the recruits in the four most recent matriculating classes. (2) The demographic composition of the nominees in the four most recent matricu-lating classes. (3) The demographic composition of the ap-plicants in the four most recent matricu-lating classes. (4) The demographic composition of the four most recent graduating classes. (5) The number, demographic composition, and current grades of graduates on active duty of each graduating class that graduated 10 years, 20 years, and 25 years before the current graduating class. (c) S
ERVICE ACADEMIES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘services academies’’ means the following: (1) The United States Military Academy. (2) The Naval Academy. (3) The Air Force Academy. (4) The Coast Guard Academy. (5) The Merchant Marine Academy. 
SA 4542. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. WATER RESOURCE AGREEMENTS WITH FOREIGN ALLIES AND ORGANIZA-TIONS IN SUPPORT OF CONTIN-GENCY OPERATIONS. 
The Secretary of Defense, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of State, is authorized to enter into agreements with the govern-ments of allied countries and organizations described in section 2350(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, to develop land-based water resources in support of and in prepara-tion for contingency operations, including water efficiency, reuse, selection, pumping, purification, storage, research and develop-ment, distribution, cooling, consumption, water source intelligence, training, acquisi-tion of water support equipment, and water support operations. 
SA 4543. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. NATIONAL LANGUAGE SERVICE CORPS. 
Section 813(a)(1) of the David L. Boren Na-tional Security Education Act of 1991 (50 U.S.C. 1913(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. 
SA 4544. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 538. ACCOMMODATIONS FOR THE WEARING OF ARTICLES OF FAITH ALONG WITH THE UNIFORM FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, in order to increase the effi-ciency of the process by which the Armed Forces address religious accommodation re-quests, the Department of Defense should— (1) expeditiously and clearly define and publish a list of religious apparel considered ‘‘neat and conservative’’ for purposes of sec-tion 774 of title 10, United States Code, which list should include uniform standards for ar-ticles of faith such as those worn by observ-ant Sikhs, orthodox Jews, and Muslims; (2) modify the process for addressing reli-gious accommodation requests in order to provide that decisions on such requests of current members of the Armed Forces are issued not later than 30 calendar days after the filing of the requests; (3) for individuals accessing into the Armed Forces, provide that decisions on reli-gious accommodation requests are made not later than the earlier of— (A) 30 calendar days after of the filing of the requests; or (B) the date on which such individuals ac-cess into the Armed Forces; (4) provide that— (A) any approval of a religious accommo-dation request of a member applies to the member throughout the member’s service in the Armed Forces; and (B) a new religious accommodation request be required of a member only if there is a significant change in the member’s duties that raises issues of health and welfare; (5) provide that members not be required to violate their religious beliefs while a reli-gious accommodation request is pending in a manner such that— (A) while a request is pending, the member concerned be permitted to wear articles of faith consistent with the member’s beliefs; and (B) individuals accessing into the Armed Forces be permitted to observe religious re-quirements, including requirements for reli-gious apparel, grooming, and appearance, during the pendency of their requests; (6) provide that religious accommodation requests be approved at the lowest level pos-sible of command and, as appropriate, for-warded to the Secretary of the military de-partment; and (7) not require any unnecessary testing in connection with resolving religious accom-modation requests. (b) A
NNUAL REPORTS ON RELIGIOUS ACCOM -
MODATION PROCESSES OF THE ARMED  F
ORCES .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter for the next seven years, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.049 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3595 June 7, 2016 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the following: (1) A description of the current process of each Armed Force for addressing religious accommodation requests. (2) The number of religious accommoda-tion requests submitted to each Armed Force during the one-year period ending on the date of such report. (3) The average processing time of each Armed Force for religious accommodation requests during such period. (4) A comparison of the number and nature of religious accommodation requests ap-proved during such period with the number and description of grooming standard exemp-tions approved during such period, set forth by Armed Force. (5) A description of the impact, if any, on members of the need for renewed religious accommodation requests in connection with promotion, new duties, or transition through commands during such period, set forth by Armed Force. (c) R
ELIGIOUS ACCOMMODATION REQUEST DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘religious accommodation request’’ means the request of a member of the Armed Forces to wear ar-ticles of faith consistent with the member’s beliefs along with the uniform. 
SA 4545. Mr. VITTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. REPORT ON SUPPLIES OF HEAVY WATER FOR SCIENTIFIC AND COM-MERCIAL RESEARCH. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that addresses the op-tions available to the Federal Government for meeting domestic requirements for sup-plies of heavy water for scientific and com-mercial research. 
SA 4546. Mr. VITTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1277. LIMITATION ON FUNDING FOR UNITED NATIONS FRAMEWORK CONVENTION ON CLIMATE CHANGE. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or any other Act may be obligated or expended for the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, or subsidiary entities including the Green Climate Fund, as long as Palestine is recog-nized as a party to the Convention, as re-quired by— (1) section 410 of the Foreign Relations Au-thorization Act, Fiscal Years 1994 and 1995 (Public Law 103–236; 22 U.S.C. 287e note); and (2) section 414 of the Foreign Relations Au-thorization Act, Fiscal Years 1990 and 1991 (Public Law 101–246; 22 U.S.C. 287e note). SA 4547. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. PROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION AGAINST CERTAIN SERVICEMEMBERS WITH RESPECT TO CREDIT TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title II of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3931 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 209. PROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION IN CREDIT TRANSACTIONS. 
‘‘(a) P ROHIBITION .—It shall be unlawful for any creditor to discriminate against a cov-ered servicemember with respect to any as-pect of a credit transaction because of the status of the covered servicemember as a covered servicemember. ‘‘(b) E
NFORCEMENT .—In addition to the en-forcement authority under title VIII, the Bu-reau of Consumer Financial Protection shall be authorized to enforce the requirements of this section. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered servicemember’ means a service member as follows: ‘‘(A) A servicemember on active duty, as defined in section 101(d)(1) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(B) A servicemember on active duty for a period of more than 30 days, as defined in section 101(d)(2) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(C) A servicemember on active Guard and Reserve duty, as defined in section 101(d)(6) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(2) The term ‘creditor’ has the meaning given that term in section 702 of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. 1691a).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 208 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 209. Prohibition on discrimination in credit transactions.’’. 
SA 4548. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mrs. M CCASKILL , and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XXXV, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3503. FIRE-RETARDANT MATERIALS EXEMP-TION. 
Section 3503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2008, this section does not’’ and inserting ‘‘2028, this subsection shall not’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘of this section’’ and insert-ing ‘‘under subsection (a)’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and crew’’ after ‘‘prospective passengers’’; (C) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or crew member’’ after ‘‘passenger’’; (D) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (E) by striking subparagraph (D) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(D) the owner or managing operator of the vessel shall— ‘‘(i) make annual structural alterations to at least 10 percent of the areas of the vessel that are not constructed of fire-retardant materials; ‘‘(ii) provide advance notice to the Coast Guard regarding the alterations made pursu-ant to clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) comply with any noncombustible ma-terial requirements prescribed by the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(E) the requirements referred to in sub-paragraph (D)(iii) shall be consistent, to the extent practicable, with the preservation of the historic integrity of the vessel in areas carrying or accessible to passengers or gen-erally visible to the public.’’. SA 4549. Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. M
IKULSKI ) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 4229 proposed by Mr. M
CCAIN to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 1513. OTHER OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OP-ERATIONS MATTERS. 
(a) A DJUSTMENTS .—Section 101(d) of the Bi-partisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114– 74; 129 Stat. 587) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2)(B) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(B) for fiscal year 2017, $76,798,000,000.’’; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) For purposes authorized by section 1513(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act of 2017, $18,000,000,000.’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL PURPOSES .—In addition to amounts already authorized to be appro-priated or made available under an appro-priation Act making appropriations for fis-cal year 2017, there are authorized to be ap-propriated for fiscal year 2017— (1) $2,000,000,000 to address cybersecurity vulnerabilities, which shall be allocated by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget among nondefense agencies; (2) $1,100,000,000 to address the heroin and opioid crisis, including funding for law en-forcement, treatment, and prevention; (3) $1,900,000,000 for budget function 150 to implement the integrated campaign plan to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant, for assistance under the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1721 et seq.), for assistance for Israel, Jordan, and Lebanon, and for embassy security; (4) $1,400,000,000 for security and law en-forcement needs, including funding for— (A) the Department of Homeland Secu-rity— (i) for the Transportation Security Admin-istration to reduce wait times and improve security; (ii) to hire 2,000 new Customs and Border Protection Officers; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.050 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3596 June 7, 2016 
(iii) for the Coast Guard; (B) law enforcement at the Department of Justice, such as the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation and hiring under the Community Oriented Policing Services program; and (C) the Federal Emergency Management Agency for grants to State and local first re-sponders; (5) $3,200,000,000 to meet the infrastructure needs of the United States, including— (A) funding for the transportation invest-ment generating economic recovery grant program carried out by the Secretary of Transportation (commonly known as ‘‘TIGER grants’’); and (B) funding to address maintenance, con-struction, and security-related backlogs for— (i) medical facilities and minor construc-tion projects of the Department of Veterans Affairs; (ii) the Federal Aviation Administration; (iii) rail and transit systems; (iv) the National Park System; and (v) the HOME Investment Partnerships Program authorized under title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12721 et seq.); (6) $1,900,000,000 for water infrastructure, including grants and loans for rural water systems, State revolving funds, and funds to mitigate lead contamination, including a grant to Flint, Michigan; (7) $3,498,000,000 for science and technology, including— (A) $2,000,000,000 for the National Institutes of Health; and (B) $1,498,000,000 for the National Science Foundation, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the Department of Energy research, including ARPA-E, and De-partment of Agriculture research; (8) $1,900,000,000 for Zika prevention and treatment; (9) $202,000,000 for wildland fire suppression; and (10) $900,000,000 to fully implement the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act (Public Law 111–353; 124 Stat. 3885) and protect food safe-ty, the Every Student Succeeds Act (Public Law 114–95; 129 Stat. 1802), the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400), the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.), and for college affordability. 
SA 4550. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 575, after line 25, add the fol-lowing: (c) I
NAPPLICABILITY TO BERRY AMEND -
MENT .—Section 2533a(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘and section 2375 of this title’’ after ‘‘title 41’’. 
SA 4551. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 709. EXCEPTION TO INCREASE IN COST- SHARING REQUIREMENTS FOR TRICARE PHARMACY BENEFITS PRO-GRAM FOR BENEFICIARIES WHO LIVE MORE THAN 40 MILES FROM A MILITARY TREATMENT FACILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-graph (6) of section 1074g(a) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 702(a), the Secretary of Defense may not in-crease after the date of the enactment of this Act any cost-sharing amounts under such paragraph with respect to covered bene-ficiaries described in subsection (b). (b) C
OVERED BENEFICIARIES DESCRIBED .— Covered beneficiaries described in this sub-section are eligible covered beneficiaries (as defined in section 1074g(g) of title 10, United States Code) who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest military treatment facility to the residence of the beneficiary. (c) R
EPORT ON EFFECT OF INCREASE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the potential effect, without regard to sub-section (a), of the increase in cost-sharing amounts under section 1074g(a)(6) of title 10, United States Code, on covered beneficiaries described in subsection (b). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of how much additional costs would be required of covered beneficiaries described in sub-section (b) per year as a result of increases in cost-sharing amounts described in such para-graph, including the average amount per in-dividual and the aggregate amount. 
SA 4552. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1008. REPORT ON EFFORTS OF THE UNITED STATES MILITARY TO DETECT AND MONITOR ILLEGAL DRUG TRAF-FICKING. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Com-mander of the United States Southern Com-mand and the Commander of the United States Northern Command, submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (1) An assessment of the effectiveness of the efforts of the United States military to detect and monitor the aerial and maritime transit of illegal drugs into the United States. (2) An identification of gaps in capabilities that may hinder the efforts of the United States military to detect and monitor the aerial and maritime transit of illegal drugs into the United States, and a description of any plans to address and mitigate such gaps. (3) A description of any trends in the aerial and maritime transit of illegal drugs into the United States, include trafficking routes, methods of transportation, and types and quantities of illegal drugs being trafficked. (4) An identification of opportunities and challenges relating to enabling or building the capacity of partner countries in the re-gion to detect, monitor, and interdict traf-ficking in illegal drugs. (5) Such other matters relating to the ef-forts of the United States military to detect and monitor illegal drug trafficking as the Secretary considers appropriate. SA 4553. Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1277. SAVINGS PROVISION RELATING TO STATIONING PERSONNEL AT UNITED STATES EMBASSIES. 
Nothing in this title may be construed to prohibit or restrict the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, or the head of any other United States Government department or agency from stationing personnel at any United States embassy for the purpose of carrying out their official duties. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 7, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Bank Capital and Li-quidity Regulation.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 7, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Russian Violations of Borders, Treaties, and Human Rights.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 7, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Frustrated Trav-elers: Rethinking TSA Operations to Improve Passenger Screening and Ad-dress Threats to Aviation.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on June 7, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.051 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3597 June 7, 2016 
SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Deadly Synthetic Drugs: The Need to Stay Ahead of the Poison Peddlers.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 7, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SH–216 of the Hart Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON THE CONSTITUTION AND SUB -
COMMITTEE OVERSIGHT , AGENCY ACTION , FED-
ERAL RIGHTS AND FEDERAL COURTS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on the Constitution, and Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Action, Federal Rights, and Federal Courts, be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on June 7, 2016, at 1 p.m., in room SD–106 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘S. 2763, the Holocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act—Reuniting Victims with Their Lost Heritage.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SUPERFUND , WASTE  
MANAGEMENT , AND REGULATORY OVERSIGHT  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Superfund, Waste Man-agement, and Regulatory Oversight of the Committee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 7, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD– 406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Oversight of EPA Unfunded Mandates on State, Local, and Tribal Govern-ments.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Jessica Arm-strong, a legislative fellow from the Department of Defense and my mili-tary legislative assistant, be allowed floor privileges during the consider-ation of S. 2943, the Defense authoriza-tion bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Leah Rubin Shen, a science fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of the 114th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern Elise Brown be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
FEMALE VETERAN SUICIDE PREVENTION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 2487 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2487) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women veterans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2487) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2487 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Female Vet-eran Suicide Prevention Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SPECIFIC CONSIDERATION OF WOMEN VETERANS IN EVALUATION OF DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MENTAL HEALTH CARE AND SUI-CIDE PREVENTION PROGRAMS. 
Section 1709B(a)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, including metrics applicable specifically to women’’; (2) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) identify the mental health care and suicide prevention programs conducted by the Secretary that are most effective for women veterans and such programs with the highest satisfaction rates among women vet-erans.’’. f AUTHORIZING USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of H. Con. Res. 119, which is at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 119) authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 119) was agreed to. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, June 8; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of S. 2943; further, that the Senate recess subject to the call of the Chair at 10:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 8:43 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, June 8, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.056 S07JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE827 June 7, 2016 
HONORING MIKE SUGRUE 
HON. JEB HENSARLING 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Mr. Mike Sugrue for his service to our country. Hospital Corpsman 3rd Class Mike Sugrue served at Bethesda Na-tional Medical Center in the early to mid 1960s. As a Hospital Corpsman, Mike Sugrue was an enlisted medical specialist in the United States Navy/Marine Corps who also trained for battlefield conditions. During Corpsman Sugrue’s tenure he became an instructor in the Cardio Pulmonary Lab where he trained numerous other corpsmen and doctors in arte-rial blood gas studies, bronchograms, bronchoscopers, as well as pulmonary blood gas studies. Corpsman Sugrue’s service no doubt saved countless lives and prepared oth-ers to do the same. Humbly, I echo the words of President Ron-ald Reagan, ‘‘We will always remember. We will always be proud. We will always be pre-pared, so we will always be free.’’ And hum-bly, I offer my sincere gratitude to Hospital Corpsman 3rd Class Mike Sugrue for his serv-ice and dedication that allow us the freedoms we enjoy today. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WARREN KRECH ON HIS RETIREMENT AFTER 40 YEARS IN THE RADIO INDUSTRY 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Mr. War-ren Krech. ‘‘Mr. Jefferson City’’, has retired after 30 years in Jefferson City radio and over 40 years in the radio industry. Warren most recently spent his time entertaining listeners as the morning news and talk host on KWOS News Radio 950. A native of South Dakota and graduate from the University of Minnesota, Mr. Krech found his love of radio while serving in the United States Army—specifically with the American Forces Radio & TV in East Africa. Warren and his family moved from Wisconsin to Jefferson City, Missouri in 1984. When Mr. Krech moved to Missouri, he worked for Frank Newell at KJMO. While some consider broadcasting to be a nomadic business, Warren wanted to set-tle his then young family in the Jefferson City community. Throughout his radio years, Mr. Krech sat in the DJ chair, but found his niche when he was able to enter talk radio format. For 23 years, Warren has worked with John Marsh at KJMO and KWOS. During Operation Desert Storm, Mr. Krech and John Marsh, hosted a ‘‘Tape from Home’’ at the local mall where people could come record their comments for friends and family who were serving in the military. Mr. Krech is the current and three time win-ner of the News Tribune’s ‘‘Readers’ Choice’’ award for favorite local radio personality. Addi-tionally, Warren is an active local emcee and speaker for charities including: Samaritan Center, Special Olympics, and Heart Associa-tion. Mr. Krech has been host of the Jerry Lewis MDA Telethon for 13 years on KOMU– TV. With this retirement, Mr. Krech will now be able to spend more time with his wife, Marcia, who is a retired Jefferson City teacher. He has a daughter, Sarah, who lives in St. Louis and a son, Ben, who lives in Washington, DC. Warren also enjoys the St. Louis Cardinals, running, cycling, gardening, and his two cats. I ask you in joining me in recognizing Mr. Warren Krech on his retirement. His commit-ment to the radio industry and his local com-munity makes this a commendable accom-plishment. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF REAR AD-MIRAL KEVIN FRANCIS DELANEY, USN (RET.) 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service and life of Rear Admiral Kevin Francis Delaney, USN (Ret.), who de-fended our nation with distinction for 34 years as a member of the United States Navy. He died on April 7, 2015, but on June 10, 2016 we have yet another occasion to honor his service to our country and community. On that day, Hangar 1122 at Naval Air Station Jack-sonville (NAS Jacksonville) will be named in Kevin’s honor for his outstanding airmanship and courage, his exceptional stewardship of natural resources, and his leadership and con-cern for the sailors of the United States Navy. I’d like to take a moment to share some of Kevin’s accomplishments through the course of his career both in and out of uniform. His commitment to our country did not end with retirement: He used his quality leadership skills, infectious charismatic spirit, and deep- seated care for his fellow citizens and worked hard in our Jacksonville, Florida community to make it a better place. Kevin was a proud Vietnam Veteran. He flew helicopter gunships on 686 combat mis-sions in support of the Navy riverine forces and SEAL units in the Mekong Delta. For con-spicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action on one of those missions, Kevin was awarded the Silver Star. In all, Kevin received 98 awards and decorations of which 64 were for combat action and also included the Distinguished Fly-ing Cross, 11 Single Action Air Medals, 26 Strike/Fight Air Medals, and six Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Crosses. Kevin served in six operational aircraft squadrons, had multiple major staff assign-ments, and was air boss on the USS Guadal- canal off the coast of Beirut. His naval career included six command tours including two aviation squadrons, an aircraft wing, and NAS Jacksonville. Under his command, the base was selected as the Navy’s top shore installa-tion in 1991. Kevin was awarded the Legion of Merit as Commanding Officer of NAS Jack-sonville for, among other things, enhancing the quality of life for all personnel and improv-ing the profitability of morale, welfare, and recreation programs by 107 percent by uti-lizing a unique Treat Everyone As Myself (TEAM) approach. Kevin’s final command, headquartered at NAS Jacksonville, was as the Navy’s Regional Commander for the Southeastern United States and the Caribbean. Rear Admiral Delaney was responsible for over 40 com-mands, including 17 major naval installations. He received the Navy Distinguished Service Medal for his work as the Commander. The accompanying citation says: A brilliant vision-ary, he built solid and ambitious professional partnerships with local community agencies. Kevin came to our town in the military, but he remained as a veteran and became a great civic leader. He was recognized as one of Jacksonville’s 10 Most Influential Business Leaders of the Decade in 2000. The list of vol-unteer activities of Kevin Delaney is both long and varied. He served on the boards of 19 area non-profit organizations and was past chairman or president of the following organi-zations: the Ronald McDonald House Advisory Board, Florida State College of Jacksonville Foundation, Rotary Club of Jacksonville, Northeast Florida Safety Council, United Way of Northeast Florida, and Jacksonville Beach-es Chamber of Commerce. Kevin was ap-pointed by the Governor of Florida to serve on the Florida Defense Support Task Force and also served on the U.S. Small business Ad-ministration’s National Advisory council, and on the National Board of Directors of The Wounded Warrior Project. In 2014, Kevin was honored by the SBA as the Veteran Small Business Champion of the Year for Florida, by the Jacksonville Business Journal as a Veteran of Influence, and by the Jacksonville Regional Chamber of Commerce as the first member of its Military Hall of Fame. It was later named in his honor. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and Members of the House to join me in saluting the life and serv-ice of Rear Admiral Kevin F. Delaney, USN (Ret.). 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE GARY CRU-SADER ON ITS 55TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and admiration that I recognize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JN8.001 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE828 June 7, 2016 
The Gary Crusader, as the company cele-brates its 55th anniversary, 55 Years High-lighting our Past and Crusading for our Future. In honor of this special occasion, an anniver-sary gala will be held in the Hangar at B. Coleman Aviation, located at the Gary/Chi-cago International Airport, on June 3, 2016. The keynote speaker for the event is critically acclaimed author and renowned scholar, Mi-chael Eric Dyson. The Gary Crusader is a weekly publication serving the City of Gary and the community of Northwest Indiana. Since its founding in 1961, by the late Balm L. Leavell Jr. and Joseph H. Jefferson, at the invitation of Kelly and Samuel Polk, the Crusader successfully upheld its mis-sion, using its news pages to reflect on justice and equality for all people. In 1968, Mrs. Doro-thy Leavell took over as editor and publisher of The Gary Crusader, after the passing of her husband, Balm Leavell. Throughout the years, Dorothy has been a strong, accomplished, and innovative business leader. The Gary Cru-sader is an active member of the National Newspaper Publishers Association (NNPA), a federation of the more than 200 African Amer-ican-owned community newspapers through-out the United States. In 1995, Dorothy be-came the second female in history to become president of the NNPA for a two-year term and served at its president from 1995 to 1999. She also served as chairperson of the NNPA Foundation from 2006 to 2011. In August 2016, Mrs. Leavell will be inducted into the Hall of Fame of the National Association of Black Journalists. For her dedication to the City of Gary and the community of Northwest Indiana, Dorothy is worthy of the highest praise. I would like to take the time to mention some of the inspiring leaders in Northwest In-diana who have worked with The Gary Cru-sader to bring about positive change and to in-spire the community. They include former mayor of Gary Richard Hatcher, the late Lake County Commissioner Roosevelt Allen, The Gary Crusader’s first female editor, the late Dolly Millender, State Senator Earline Rogers, and Mayor Karen Freeman-Wilson, who is the honorary chairperson of the 55th anniversary gala. I would also be remiss if I do not men-tion the respect my father John Visclosky had for Balm Levell and the importance he at-tached to their wonderful friendship. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring and congratulating The Gary Crusader on its 55th anniversary. For the past 55 years, the staff and leadership have touched the lives of countless individuals through their unwavering commitment to the community of Gary and throughout Northwest Indiana. 
f 
JACK KNIGHT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Jack Knight for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Jack Knight is a 9th grader at Stanley Lake High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Jack Knight is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and persever-ance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and de-velop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Jack Knight for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplish-ments. f 
TRIBUTE TO ELIZABETH (LISA) JOYCE FREEMAN ON THE OCCA-SION OF HER RETIREMENT AS DIRECTOR OF THE VETERANS AFFAIRS PALO ALTO HEALTH CARE SYSTEM 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-brate the hard work and dedication of Lisa Freeman who retires today after many years of service to our nation’s veterans. For the last five years Lisa Freeman served as the Director of the Veterans Health Care System in Palo Alto, one of the largest, busi-est veterans health centers in our country. She did the job with enthusiasm, efficiency and compassion. As director she was respon-sible for overseeing the complex needs of thousands of veterans, administering an an-nual budget of more than $1 billion, a capital budget of $2.67 billion, and organizing up-wards of 7,000 staff and volunteers. She was so expert in doing her job that when the sad news of mismanagement at the veterans sys-tem in Arizona became public, it was Lisa Freeman that the Secretary of the VA tapped to make corrections in reforming the Arizona shortfalls. In the end, the entire VA health care system learned from her competence and management prowess. But I best know Lisa Freeman from the yeo-man’s work she did to help create the first from-the-ground-up joint DOD-VA health clinic in my district. For years the military community—veterans, active and retired military and their families— all knew options for health care were limited on the Central Coast in general and on the Monterey Peninsula, where there are numer-ous military installations, in particular. Under the leadership of the late Maj. Gen. William ‘‘Bill’’ Gourley, slowly a plan took shape to cre-ate a clinic that would serve the dual purposes of our active and retired military servicemen as well as our veterans. Lisa Freeman be-came an integral part of this effort and took over leadership of the effort as time went along, helping to coordinate the many federal sub-agencies necessary to make the dream of this clinic a reality. I am happy to say the ribbon cutting for that clinic will be this October, in no short measure due to the perseverance of Lisa Freeman. Mr. Speaker, Lisa Freeman will be missed by all of us who interact with the Palo Alto Veterans Health Care System. I am especially grateful to her for all she’s done for the vet-erans in my district and across all of Cali-fornia. I commend her to you and to our col-leagues in the House and hope you will all wish her well as she leaves government serv-ice for a well-deserved retirement. f 
HONORING ERIN HURLEY 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Erin Hurley of Marin County, Cali-fornia, for her selection as the Classified Em-ployee of the Year at the 2016 Golden Bell Awards Ceremony, presented by the Marin County Office of Education in collaboration with the Marin County School Board Associa-tion and other local civic organizations. An oc-cupational therapist, Ms. Hurley has dedicated more than two decades to improving the health and welfare of students in Marin Coun-ty. For the past 15 years, Ms. Hurley has worked at Marindale Early Intervention, where she serves more than 100 students facing a critical time in their development. A student- centered professional, she advocates for ap-propriate placements and the implementation of strategies specific for each child. She also works to educate staff and parents on body mechanics and ergonomics for themselves and for their students and children. Ms. Hurley works hard to develop relation-ships with each of the young people she works with. Along with understanding students’ specific motor abilities and behavioral and communication goals, she makes an effort to create a comfortable and safe environment where students feel comfortable challenging themselves. The Golden Bell Awards celebrate public education in Marin County by recognizing out-standing teachers and supportive community partners. Each year, they select an exemplary educator, classified employee, teacher, and trustee for recognition. Mr. Speaker, it is therefore fitting that we honor and thank Erin Hurley for her contribu-tions to students and public education in Marin County and California. 
f 
VALERIE GRASSO 
HON. RICK LARSEN 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary ca-reer of Valerie Bailey Grasso. Ms. Grasso re-tired earlier this year, concluding a remarkable 32 years of federal civil service with the De-partment of the Navy, the Library of Congress, and the Congressional Research Service (CRS). For the last 18 years, she has served as a defense acquisition policy analyst in the Foreign Affairs, Defense, and Trade Division of the CRS, rising to Specialist, the highest grade attainable. While at the CRS, she sup-plied Members of Congress, their personal staffs, and the staffs of congressional commit-tees with consistently high quality insights, pol-icy analysis, and historical context. I person-ally relied on reports she authored on topics 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JN8.006 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE829 June 7, 2016 
including rare earth elements, veterans em-ployment, and surplus military equipment. Ms. Grasso joined the CRS as a permanent staff member in 1998. She is the author or co- author of more than 30 CRS reports on a wide array of defense-related topics associated with weapon systems acquisition, defense con-tracting, the evolving defense industrial base, outsourcing of defense functions, contract competition, domestic material sourcing, and sealift. Her works were widely read by con-gressional clients and contributed directly to the CRS’ mission of informing the legislative debate. I served as co-chair on the House Armed Services Committee’s 2012 Panel on Business Challenges within the Defense In-dustry. Valerie provided direct support to that panel and her insights and analysis were es-sential to the panel’s work. Valerie was also a long-time member and officer of the Congressional Research Em-ployee Association (CREA), the collective bar-gaining organization representing the interests of those working at the CRS. She served on the CREA board for nearly a decade, from 2004–2013, where she was a member of the telework committee and the CREA bargaining team. In 2013, she was elected Vice-President of CREA, and for the last two years of her ca-reer she served as CREA’s President. She has also been recognized for her work with the Library of Congress chapter of Blacks in Government. I ask my fellow Members to join me in ap-plauding Valerie Bailey Grasso for her lifelong commitment to supporting the nation and this body and in wishing her a long and enjoyable retirement. 
f 
HONORING LGBTQ LEADERS IN THE TWIN CITIES 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the transgender, queer, lesbian, bisex-ual, and gay members of my community as we begin celebrating Pride. Every year, Twin Cities Pride selects outstanding leaders to helm the celebration. The 2016 Grand Mar-shals are Roxanne Anderson and D Rojas, and the Lifetime Champions of Pride are Min-nesota Representative Karen Clark and Min-nesota Senator Scott Dibble. Both Grand Marshals have a long history of LGBTQ advocacy in the Twin Cities. Rox-anne’s dedication spans four organizations noted for their dedication to the most under-served segments of the community. Through providing healthcare access to trans individ-uals at the Minnesota Transgender Health Co-alition, leading trans and racial justice initia-tives at OutFront Minnesota, organizing trans and queer musicians of color at RARE Pro-ductions, and employing and serving the queer community at Cafe´SouthSide Roxanne is one of the hardest-working and most effec-tive trans advocates anywhere in the country. D Rojas is the president of Dykes on Bikes Minneapolis, a lesbian motorcycle club noted for its inclusivity. The group hosts dozen of events throughout the Twin Cities annually, at-tracting hundreds of LGBTQ participants. In recent years, D has escorted Minneapolis Mayors Betsy Hodges and R.T. Rybak on her motorcycle at the Pride Parade. The 2016 Lifetime Champions of Pride are highly effective leaders in the Minnesota Leg-islature who have worked extensively on equality. When Representative Karen Clark was first elected to the Legislature in 1980, there were only a few out elected officials na-tion-wide. Throughout her time in office, she has achieved countless successes for the LGBTQ community: including ‘‘Sexual Orienta-tion’’ in the Minnesota Human Rights Act, ex-panding housing and healthcare for HIV posi-tive individuals, and promoting social and eco-nomic justice. She is the longest-serving les-bian Legislator in the U.S. Senator Scott Dib-ble became involved in politics in the mid- 1980s, inspired to fight for the civil rights of the LGBTQ community. Since his election to the Senate in 2002, Senator Dibble has helped pass the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, the Safe and Supportive Schools Act, and numerous transportation and transit plans. Representative Clark and Senator Dib-ble were instrumental in gathering popular support to defeat the anti-marriage ballot amendment in 2012. Their tireless advocacy to engage Minnesotans culminated in the suc-cessful effort to legalize marriage equality statewide in 2013. Twin Cities Pride also recognizes the con-tributions of organizations that are creating a more equitable and inclusive world. The Com-munity Champions of Pride are the Minnesota Transgender Health Coalition, TransForming Families, and Out & Sober Minnesota. Since marriage equality has become the law statewide and nationwide, some people hung up their coats and thought, ‘‘We’re done!’’ As almost anyone in the community can tell you, that is absolutely not the case. LGBTQ individ-uals, and especially trans folks and people of color, face disproportionately high rates of homelessness, health issues, discrimination, and income insecurity. In order to achieve true LGBTQ equality, we need to continue focusing on the intersections of gender, sexual orienta-tion, race, ethnicity, income, immigration sta-tus, and other identities that highlight the des-picable disparities in our state. I am proud these honorees have continued to fight on be-half of communities routinely excluded from advocacy or glossed over in public policy. They each demonstrate that when we stay en-gaged, when we turn out—we win. In the era of bathroom bills and legalized discrimination, it’s more important than ever to make our voices heard—in the ballot boxes, in the halls of Congress, and beyond. 
f 
HONORING MR. GARY HARRISON FREER 
HON. JEB HENSARLING 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Mr. Gary Harrison Freer for his courageous service to our country. Com-mander Gary Harrison Freer joined the United States Navy on March 12, 1967 after grad-uating from the University of Tennessee, Knoxville. After completing Aviation Officer Candidate School and earning the Navy ‘‘Wings of Gold,’’ Commander Freer was designated a naval aviator and qualified pilot of military aircraft. He requested training in the A–4 Skyhawk and in August of 1969 joined the attack squadron, VA–22, also known as the Fighting Redcocks aboard the aircraft carrier USS Bonhomme Richard. Commander Freer had an impressive flight record that logged 2,397 hours of military flight, carried out 103 missions in Vietnam and recorded 212 day and night carrier takeoffs and landings. Commander Freer finished his active duty in April of 1972, but served fifteen more years in the Reserves before transferring to Retired Reserves in December of 1989. Commander Freer was awarded the National Defense Service Medal, Meritorious Unit Com-mendation, Vietnam Service Medal, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal (Korea) and the Vietnam Campaign Air Medal S/F–9. Humbly, I echo the words of President Ron-ald Reagan, ‘‘We will always remember. We will always be proud. We will always be pre-pared, so we will always be free.’’ And hum-bly, I offer my sincere gratitude to Commander Gary Harrison Freer for his service and acts of bravery that allow us the freedoms we enjoy today. f 
KIYLEE VALDEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Kiylee Valdez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Kiylee Valdez is a 12th grader at Warren Tech North and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Kiylee Valdez is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Kiylee Valdez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
CELEBRATING BENTLEYVILLE BOROUGH’S BICENTENNIAL 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Bentleyville Borough in Pennsyl-vania on its momentous achievement of reaching 200 years of existence. Beginnings were humble for Bentleyville 200 years ago, when Sheshbazzar Bentley started selling lots of land in the beautiful Monongahela Valley for as little as 45 dollars. His original posting advertised ‘‘Bentleysville’’ as being surrounded by rich country, and hav-ing on site three wool machines, one gristmill, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JN8.011 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE830 June 7, 2016 
and one sawmill, along with some building materials. Local rumor has it that George Washington once passed down the main road of this Washington County town, and two cen-turies later, Bentleyville has blossomed into a borough with unique character and beauty—a place I am proud to have in Pennsylvania’s 9th Congressional District. The borough of Bentleyville has benefitted greatly from its location in a strong coal mining region, and as such I am proud to highlight the borough’s contribution to the rich history and heritage associated with coal mining. Over the past 200 years, Bentleyville has pro-duced many generations of exceptional citi-zens, all adding their unique spirit, character, and successes to the Commonwealth of Penn-sylvania. It is thus with great pride that I represent the remarkable citizens of past and present of the Bentleyville Borough and congratulate them on this significant milestone. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF ROGER E. MILLER 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career and legacy of service of Mr. Roger E. Miller, who is celebrating his retire-ment from the post as Deputy Assistant Sec-retary for Healthcare Programs. After 26 years of tirelessly serving the United States Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, he leaves a legacy of incomparable dedication to communities across the country. Roger Miller began his career as HUD’s first staff member with a background in healthcare, holding a Master of Hospital Administration degree from the University of Minnesota. Prior to his role at HUD, Miller was Senior Vice President of York Hospital, a large teaching hospital where patient care costs were among the lowest in the nation. Throughout his career, Roger E. Miller has maintained his devotion to healthcare through assisting in the expansion of Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital, and the construction of multiple healthcare facilities around Western New York, such as the Gates Vascular Insti-tute, HighPointe on Michigan and the new Oishei Children’s Hospital. Roger Miller has been an integral part of the HUD Office of Healthcare Programs which ad-ministers the Section 232 Residential Care Fa-cilities Program and the Section 242 Hospitals Program, together comprising a $31 billion FHA portfolio of insured mortgages. Miller has led the OHP to improve its abilities to serve more communities across the nation while maintaining very low claim rates in both pro-grams. In recent years, he has spearheaded a vigorous effort to implement Office-wide Lean Processing quality improvements and process reengineering, enabling OHP to better respond to emergent industry needs. Other notable ca-reer and personal achievements by Roger Mil-ler include the launch of a large assisted living facility, a system of community health centers, a preferred provider health insurance com-pany, and becoming a Fellow in the American College of Healthcare Executives. Additionally, Roger has chaired state hospital association committees and served as an adjunct faculty member at York College. Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a few moments to honor the career of Roger E. Miller. I ask that my colleagues join me in ex-pressing our congratulations on an accom-plished career and to commend his dedication to his profession and improving the health of our communities. f 
RECOGNIZING CAN DO UPON THE OCCASION OF ITS 60TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the Community Area New Devel-opment Organization (CAN DO) upon the oc-casion of its 60th Anniversary. CAN DO is a private, non-profit, industrial and economic de-velopment corporation operating in North-eastern Pennsylvania. CAN DO has been doing great work in my hometown of Hazleton, and in fact my office back home is in the CAN DO building at 1 South Church Street. With a mission of improving the quality of life in the Greater Hazleton area through the creation and retention of employment opportunities, CAN DO’s presence in Northeastern Pennsyl-vania has provided my constituents with the resources they need to secure meaningful em-ployment and engagement in their commu-nities. In 1956, a small group of merchants and professional men believed that they could turn the tide on Hazleton’s post-coal mining eco-nomic troubles. It was this spirit that fueled Dr. Edgar L. Dessen, the Greater Hazleton Cham-ber of Commerce, and a group of local civic and business leaders to create a community economic development organization, known as CAN DO. The organization’s first fundraising initiative encouraged residents to donate a ‘‘dime-a-week,’’ which they hoped would raise enough money to invest in new industries across the city. Growing up, I remember hear-ing stories of red lunch pails displayed around town to promote their fundraising effort, as well as the ‘‘Miles of Dimes’’ event, which saw men, women, and children place their dimes onto a strip of tape on Broad Street in down-town Hazleton. After this successful fundraiser and starting with the purchase of one indus-trial park, CAN DO now operates one cor-porate center and three industrial parks in Northeastern Pennsylvania, including Hum-boldt Industrial Park, which is one of the larg-est parks in Pennsylvania and an employer for over 10,000 constituents in my district. As mayor, I saw firsthand how CAN DO contin-ued to grow throughout the region. They now offer a wide range of services to the commu-nity, such as infrastructure development, finan-cial assistance, and resources for entre-preneurs. CAN DO’s commitment to the community in which they operate is evident through their re-ceipt of numerous awards throughout the years. In 2006, CAN DO won a Best of Class Award for its 50th Anniversary video and com-memorative book, and an Excellence Award for the marketing department’s print advertise-ment placed in Attache´magazine. Also in 2006, CAN DO won the U.S. Green Building Council Leadership in Energy and Environ-mental Design (LEED) Award for a property in the CAN DO Corporate Center. In 2008, CAN DO was named Large Agency of the Year by the Pennsylvania Economic Development As-sociation. These various accolades exemplify the superior service and community advance-ment provided by CAN DO, and I am con-fident that their continued engagement will be recognized for years to come. Mr. Speaker, it is with gratitude and admira-tion that I honor the Community Area New De-velopment Organization (CAN DO) upon the occasion of its 60th Anniversary. Time and again, CAN DO has exemplified the bond be-tween private enterprise and community serv-ice through targeted initiatives and a commit-ment to excellence in Northeastern Pennsyl-vania. I wish to congratulate CAN DO on 60 years of meaningful community engagement, and look forward to witnessing the continued service provided by such a selfless and stra-tegic organization. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RABBI MARVIN M. GROSS 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Rabbi Marvin M. (Marv) Gross, who will be retiring as Chief Executive Officer of Union Station Homeless Services in June 2016. Born in 1947, Marvin M. Gross was raised in Evanston, Illinois. He received his education from Amherst College, Hebrew University in Jerusalem, Hebrew Union College-Jewish In-stitute of Religion and the Stanford University Graduate School of Business. In the late 1960’s, Marv began his lifelong service to the community by volunteering at the dairy of Kibbutz Givat Chaim, Israel for one year. He worked as an organizer for var-ious political campaigns and the Vietnam Vet-erans Against the War, and as an organizer for the Jewish Council of Urban Affairs in Chi-cago, where he organized a ground-breaking conference on the mortgage and insurance in-dustry and low-income and minority neighbor-hoods. Mr. Gross began his studies at the Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion in New York in the 1970’s to become a Reform rabbi, and after his graduation, moved to Cali-fornia. He began serving as a congregational rabbi, leading congregations at Temple Sherith Israel in San Francisco, and later at Temple Sinai of Glendale. In his volunteer capacity, Rabbi Gross served as Social Action Chair of the Board of Rabbis of Southern California, as Co-Chair of Clergy United for Prophetic Ac-tion, a Black-Jewish clergy alliance, and played a key role in the organization of reli-gious congregations in California to support California’s Bilateral Nuclear Weapons Freeze Initiative. In addition, Marv was asked by the Government of Israel, along with a fellow rab-binical student, to visit the Soviet Union for one month in an effort to promote solidarity and contact with Soviet Jews who had sub-mitted applications to emigrate to Israel. In 1995, Marv Gross accepted the position of Executive Director of Union Station (now 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:34 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JN8.013 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE831 June 7, 2016 
called Union Station Homeless Services (USHS) in Pasadena, California, becoming Chief Executive Officer in 2008. USHS is dedi-cated to helping homeless and low-income families through their outstanding service pro-grams operating throughout the San Gabriel Valley. The programs provide food, shelter, medical care, rehabilitation and job training for homeless and low-income families and individ-uals, assisting them through each step of the process, so they can become thriving mem-bers of society. Under Rabbi Gross’ stellar leadership, USHS has expanded from a 36- bed shelter on Raymond Avenue to a suc-cessful homeless service institution that serves over 2,200 people each year. In his more recent volunteer capacity, Marv has served on many boards and committees, including Flintridge Preparatory School, the Pasadena Police Foundation, and he is a staunch member of the Pasadena Rotary Club. A longtime Sierra Madre resident, Marv has three children: Becky, Daniel, and Tara. Rabbi Gross has tirelessly committed his working life to profoundly improve the lives of the homeless community. His generosity, com-passion and leadership have deeply benefited the lives of thousands of homeless individuals and families. I ask all members of Congress to join me today in honoring Rabbi Marvin M. Gross for over two decades of extraordinary and unpar-alleled service to Union Station Homeless Services. 
f 
HONORING EILEEN SMITH 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Eileen Smith of Marin County, Cali-fornia, for her selection as the Educator of the Year at the 2016 Golden Bell Awards Cere-mony, presented by the Marin County Office of Education in collaboration with the Marin County School Board Association and other local civic organizations. Director of a Cali-fornia Math and Science Partnership (CaMSP) project that works with teachers across the county, Ms. Smith has nearly two decades of experience that have greatly benefited the pre-paredness and success of Marin County’s stu-dents. Ms. Smith has served in a variety of leader-ship roles in our community. As principal of Loma Verde Elementary School in the Novato United School District, she was recognized by several awards, including Principal of the Year in 2010 by the Marin County School Adminis-trators’ Association. In her current role as di-rector of a CaMSP project, ‘‘Marin’s Next Gen-eration Collaborative for Science & Math,’’ she has worked with more than six dozen teachers from 8 districts countywide, coordinating and providing intensive, ongoing professional de-velopment in math and science. The project is set to expand next year. Throughout her career, Ms. Smith has been known and respected as an effective leader with a gift for educating teachers. She has pushed for increased and improved STEM education at an early age, and has fostered relationships with leading scientific and edu-cational institutions including the Exploratorium, Dominican University, the Col-lege of Marin, the University of California, Berkeley, and more. The Golden Bell Awards celebrate public education in Marin County by recognizing out-standing teachers and supportive community partners. Each year, they select an exemplary educator, classified employee, teacher, and trustee for recognition. Mr. Speaker, it is therefore fitting that we honor and thank Eileen Smith for her contribu-tions to students and public education in Marin County and California. f 
IN MEMORY OF GREG CONNELL 
HON. MARK SANFORD 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of Greg Connell, a stunt pilot from South Carolina, who unfortunately passed before his time while performing sev-eral weeks back in the Good Neighbor Day Airshow in Atlanta. Accordingly, I want to take a moment to offer my condolences to his wife, Ginger, as well as the host of additional family and friends he leaves behind. It was the inventor Leonardo da Vinci who once said, ‘‘Once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return.’’ Greg’s eyes indeed always looked up. The heavens were his domain, and it is to them that he has returned. He followed in his father’s footsteps and started flying back in 1989 at the young age of 13, and his love of flight was obvious in the way that he lived life. Indeed, he flew at the Annual Water Festival down in Beaufort, South Carolina on numerous occasions, and my brother, John, flew with him many times. At a personal level, I spent New Year’s down at the farm watching him do what he loved best: fly. And that he could. He made the impossible look all too easy. With grace and flair, he was mesmerizing in the way he took to the sky. Greg’s story is that of pursuing with passion a quest for excellence, and I think there is a lesson all of us can learn from within those pages. In his memory, I would ask that we take a moment today for reflection, and pause in asking how we live up to his model of ex-cellence in all we do. For those of us who knew him, we will miss him. I look forward to our reunion in the heavens above. 
f 
A FAIR PROCESS FOR ALL: VOTER INEQUALITY IS A PROBLEM 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge today as Restoration Tuesday and once again, to speak on behalf of those whose voices have been silenced by the refusal of Congress to fully restore the fed-eral protections of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Two weeks ago, I was honored to stand beside fellow colleagues Rep. MARC VEASEY  of Texas and Rep. B
OBBY SCOTT of Virginia and other Members of Congress to launch the Congressional Voting Rights Caucus. The Caucus is committed to restoring the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to its original state and re-storing the vote to all the suppressed voices in this great nation. We will continue to stand to-gether until we achieve our goal and make our election process fair for everyone once again. The right to vote should be easy for all eligible voters and not made more difficult for some of this country’s most disenfranchised members. It is a sad day in this nation when there are eligible Americans who cannot take part in the democratic process that we as Americans are all promised, just because they are unable to attain a photo ID. To some, this may not seem like a hard request or even a major problem. However, to the people in rural Alabama and in many rural areas all over the country—it is a tough request and it is a big problem. When your district closes over 30 DMVs—the most common location to receive a photo ID—this is a problem. When the nearest courthouse or DMV is 20 miles away and you don’t have gas money, a car, or any public transport—this is a problem. When you do not have a birth cer-tificate because you were delivered by a mid-wife and are told you are not able to vote, even though you are an American, born and raised—this is a problem. What is crystal clear is that these new suppressive voting laws are crippling the democratic process. This is an election year and the right to vote is under at-tack. An essential element of our democracy is corroding, and we indeed have a problem. When a county systematically shuts down voting polls from 400 in 2008 to 200 in 2012 and then plummets to only 60 in 2016, the problem is clear. Maricopa County in Arizona forced voters to endure long lines and an ar-duous process to simply have their vote count-ed—to have their voices heard. To my fellow colleagues, I say maybe your district doesn’t have long lines wrapped around the streets and maybe your elderly constituents can eas-ily access their birth certificates. But my dis-trict and so many others do have real prob-lems accessing the ballot box. If one person is denied the right to vote, it undermines the in-tegrity of the entire voting process. We cannot forget about the millions of Americans who suffer from new suppressive voting laws around the country. We cannot sit back and simply say, ‘‘This is not my problem.’’ When Americans are being suppressed and si-lenced, it is an American problem. This is still the United States of America, and we cannot stand strong when a significant portion of our country suffers in silence. A democracy means inclusion, not exclusion—America stands for equality, fairness and justice for all. It is time we make the democratic process, democratic once again. Until every voice in this great nation is allowed to speak freely, without suppression, I will stand on this floor and speak in support of our Constitutional right to vote. I urge my colleagues to join me and 168 other members in support of H.R. 2867, the Voting Rights Advancement Act. It is time Congress restores the VRA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN8.026 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE832 June 7, 2016 
HONORING MR. DOUGLAS WAYNE SATTERFIELD 
HON. JEB HENSARLING 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Mr. Douglas Wayne Satterfield for his courageous service to our country. A resident of Palestine, Texas, Cor-poral Douglas Wayne Satterfield was honor-ably discharged from the United States Marine Corps on May 3, 1968. Corporal Satterfield enlisted in the USMC out of high school and served in at least a dozen operations in the unfamiliar terrain of South Vietnam. Corporal Satterfield partici-pated in one of the first major offensive cam-paigns, Operation Hickory, by the Marines in ‘‘Leatherneck Square.’’ Satterfield was badly injured in combat during the assault at Con Thien as he crawled along the ground to their targets. Quick response and actions from his squadron leader and corpsman probably saved his life as they stabilized him before he was taken by Chinook to a medevac station to undergo emergency surgery. Corporal Satterfield received decorations that included the National Defense Service Medal, Vietnam Service Medal, Vietnam Campaign Medal with device, M–14 Rifle Sharpshooter Badge and the Purple Heart Medal. Humbly, I echo the words of President Ron-ald Reagan, ‘‘We will always remember. We will always be proud. We will always be pre-pared, so we will always be free.’’ And hum-bly, I offer my sincere gratitude to Corporal Douglas Wayne Satterfield for his service and acts of bravery that allow us the freedoms we enjoy today. 
f 
LUCY LEE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Lucy Lee for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Lucy Lee is a 12th grader at Pomona High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Lucy Lee is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Lucy Lee for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Serv-ice Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. IN MEMORY OF MR. GENE BECKSTEIN HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the life of Mr. Gene Beckstein of Gainesville, Ga. Mr. Beckstein, also commonly known as ‘Mr. B’, was an in-spiration to the people of our community. In 1989, he founded a mission for the homeless known as ‘‘Good News at Noon’’. Good News at Noon provides meals for dozens of men, women, and children, while also providing beds for 20 homeless men in our community. This mission also operates as a food pantry, providing more than 100 boxes of food a week, and offers summer school programs for children. This faith based ministry depends purely on the generosity of others, and ‘Mr. B’ was a great servant of the Lord. He was a Christ-like man who loved everyone equally. His work with the homeless community in-spired people across Gainesville and Hall County to volunteer. Mr. Beckstein creates a meals program, such as Good News at Noon, because he was once homeless himself. He turned his life around when his high school baseball coach convinced him to use the GI Bill to fund his college education. ‘Mr. B’ went on to attend New York University, where he earned two master’s degrees and spent the next 37 years teaching in the public school system. After retiring from his teaching career, Mr. Beckstein and his wife Margie began serv-ing food to the homeless and later founded Good News at Noon. ‘Mr. B’ will be remem-bered for his humble-spirit, his inviting loving personality, and his ability to fulfill people with hope. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE BLUE SKY FOUNDATION 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize the Blue Sky Foundation and their President and Executive Director, Dick Stockton, on behalf of the work they are doing for our nation’s veterans and servicemembers. Drawing on his background in tennis, Mr. Stockton started a program within the Blue Sky Foundation called Thanking our Troops through Tennis or ‘‘T3’’. The idea behind the program was to thank the members of the United States Military and their families for the sacrifices they make on a daily basis, using the game of tennis as the vehicle to do so. Blue Sky has been taking the T3 program to various military bases over the last four years and has offered free tennis clinics to active personnel, spouses, children, Veterans and Wounded Warriors. The program has been well received, aver-aging 100 participants per event. Since July of 2013, Blue Sky Foundation has hosted seven-teen events at different bases around the country, including Andrews Air Force Base, Fort Bragg, Fort Benning, Camp Lejeune, Randolph Air Force Base and Fort Jackson, among others. It has been a successful pro-gram and has the ability to continue to grow and benefit many more members of the mili-tary and their families. In appreciation of all they have done, Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in thanking them for their efforts. f 
RECOGNIZING THE GARY NAACP’S 51ST ANNUAL LIFE MEMBERSHIP BANQUET 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is my dis-tinct pleasure to stand before you today to recognize and commend the members of the Gary, Indiana, branch of the National Associa-tion for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). On Saturday, June 4, 2016, the Gary NAACP held its 51st Annual Life Mem-bership Banquet at the Genesis Convention Center in Gary, Indiana. This annual event is a major fundraiser for the Gary NAACP. The funds generated through this event directly support the organi-zation’s many outstanding programs and ad-vocacy efforts. Through its membership and the support of the community, the Gary NAACP is able to serve the people of North-west Indiana and continue the mission started by the national organization in 1909 by work-ing diligently to combat injustice, discrimina-tion, and unfair treatment for all people in to-day’s society. In addition, the banquet serves to update and keep the community aware of the NAACP’s activities and to formally honor its new life members. This year, the Gary NAACP honored the fol-lowing outstanding civil, community, and reli-gious leaders who have been recognized as life members. The Diamond Life members in-clude: Father Pat Gaza, Cynthia Powers, and Mamon Powers Jr. The Gold Life members in-clude: Stephen Mays, Nate Cain, Claude Pow-ers, Charlie Brown, Dr. Stephen Simpson, and Gerri Simpson. The Silver Life members in-clude: Charles Alexander, Sharon Chambers, James Muhammad, Larry Dillon, Sandra Dil-lon, Reverend Curtis Whittaker, Dr. LaShawn Whittaker, Reverend Anita Marshall, Rinzor Williams III, Esq., Alfred Holmes, Sharon Haney, Jeana Laurie Payne, Darian Collins, Braden Wilson, James Powell, Thomas Newsome, Ron Brewer, Linda Barnes- Caldwell, Marissa McDermott, Edward Lumpkin, Reverend Edward Turner, Roosevelt Haywood III, MacArthur Drake, Gordon Biffle, Richard Hardaway, Dolena Mack, Willie Miller Jr., Raymond Grady, Dr. Vincent Sevier, Dr. Angelique Brown, Shelly Majors, Matthew Doyle, Jana Bonds, Judge Clarence Murray, Vance Kenney, Tim Ceasar, Barbara Taliafero, Minnie Carter, Wendell Price, Faye Barnes, Reverend Dr. Virgil Woods, Florita Brown, Roy Hamilton, Dr. Marlon Mitchell, Mil-ton Thaxton, and Reverend Regan Robinson. The Youth Life members include: Bryce Car-ter, Brooklyn Carter, Justin Cain, Julian Pow-ers, Nadia Baria, Isaac Baria, Willie Miller III, Valencia Miller, Curtis Whittaker Jr., Imani Powers, Michael Ayden Walden, Kendell Jack-son, Deondra Ann Briggs, Jazmine Neal, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JN8.003 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE833 June 7, 2016 
Amya Myanna Luz Aviles, Marrell Tyler II, and Kelechi Greene. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other distin-guished colleagues to join me in paying tribute to the newest life members of the Gary branch of the NAACP, as well as Stephen Mays, the current Gary NAACP president, Cynthia and Mamon Powers Jr., who are Honorary Chairs, and all members of the organization for their extraordinary efforts and tremendous leader-ship. These outstanding men and women have worked tirelessly to improve the quality of life for all residents of Indiana’s First Con-gressional District, and for that they are to be commended. 
f 
HONORING ANDREW ‘‘ANDY’’ HYMAN 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Andrew ‘‘Andy’’ Hyman of Marin County, California, for his selection as the Trustee of the Year at the 2016 Golden Bell Awards Ceremony, presented by the Marin County Office of Education in collaboration with the Marin County School Board Associa-tion and other local civic organizations. A member of the Dixie School District Board of Trustees, Mr. Hyman has spent more than a decade advocating for and advising the district and its students. As a member who served two terms as president of the Dixie School Board, Mr. Hyman has devoted thousands of hours on vital committees and efforts. He led a district- wide transportation committee to lower home- to-school transportation costs, and helped ini-tiate green purchasing and recycling policies. Additionally, he led efforts to create the first district-wide anti-bullying policy, and has worked to improve nutrition in school lunches. Mr. Hyman has been a consistent leader in our community across a range of issues af-fecting our schools. From organizing rallies to working with local legislators, he has been a consistent and effective voice for our students and their opportunities for success. The Golden Bell Awards celebrate public education in Marin County by recognizing out-standing teachers and supportive community partners. Each year, they select an exemplary educator, classified employee, teacher, and trustee for recognition. Mr. Speaker, it is therefore fitting that we honor and thank Andrew ‘‘Andy’’ Hyman for his contributions to students and public edu-cation in Marin County and California. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MIKE PONTIUS 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the passing of Michael ‘‘Mike’’ Pontius, who served the city of Freeport, Illinois, as a firefighter for nearly 14 years before retiring due to injuries sustained on the job. A dedicated firefighter and a loving husband and father, Mike had a warm and outgoing presence in his community. In addition to serv-ing as a firefighter, he gave back to his alma mater, Aquin High School, throughout his life. When Mike wasn’t cheering for the Aquin Bull-dogs, he was rooting on the Chicago Cubs and the Chicago Bears. He is survived by his wife, Dawn, and his children, Josh, Jerek, Jor-dan, and Kirsten. Mr. Speaker, as the wife of a sheriff, I know how important it is to support our first re-sponders, and I am forever grateful for the service Mike provided to the Freeport commu-nity. While we commemorate Mike’s life, and his dedication to his family and community, my thoughts and prayers are with his loved ones during this difficult time. f 
TRIBUTE TO CALVIN W. M CELVAIN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Calvin W. McElvain of Des Moines, Iowa for earning the Gold Medal of Achievement Award of Iowa’s Royal Ranger Outpost Number 35. The Gold Medal of Achievement designation is the high-est advancement rank in the Royal Ranger Outpost based at Christian Life Assembly of Des Moines. To earn this Gold Medalist rank, Calvin McElvain completed 47 skill merits, 213 Bible lessons, and 35 hours of community service. Beyond those opportunities, Calvin also com-pleted a service project by transforming the Christian Life Assembly Church’s modest fire ring into a first rate campsite with a mason fire ring and anchored benches. Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young man and his supportive family and community demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedi-cation, and perseverance. I am honored to represent Calvin McElvain and his family in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating him on obtaining the Gold Medal of Achievement ranking, and I wish him continued success in his future education and career. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call No. 229 on motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4889, the Kelsey Smith Act, I am not recorded because I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted NO. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call No. 230 on motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 3998, the Securing Access to Networks in Disasters Act, I am not recorded because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YES. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call No. 231 on order-ing the Previous Question on H. Res. 743, the rule providing for consideration of H.R. 5055, Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017; I am not recorded because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YES. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call No. 232, on adop-tion of H. Res. 743, the rule providing for con-sideration of H.R. 5055, Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2017; I am not recorded be-cause I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YES. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call No. 233, Ordering the Previous Question on H. Res. 742, the rule providing for consideration of House Amendment to Senate Amendment to H.R. 2576, TSCA Modernization Act of 2015 and H.R. 897, Zika Vector Control Act, I am not re-corded because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YES. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call No. 234 Adoption of H. Res. 742, the rule providing for consider-ation of House Amendment to Senate Amend-ment to H.R. 2576, TSCA Modernization Act of 2015 and H.R. 897, Zika Vector Control Act I am not recorded because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YES. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call No. 235 on motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 5077, the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, I am not recorded because I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YES. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call No. 236 on Motion to Recommit with Instructions H.R. 897, the Zika Vector Control Act, I am not recorded be-cause I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted NO. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call No. 237 on pas-sage of H.R. 897, the Zika Vector Control Act, I am not recorded because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YES. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call No. 238, on con-curring in the Senate Amendment with an Amendment to H.R. 2576, the Frank R. Lau-tenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, I am not recorded because I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YES. f 
HONORING REVEREND PHARIS D. EVANS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to stand before you and my colleagues today to congratulate Reverend Pharis D. Evans on his 55th anniversary as Pastor of Clark Road Missionary Baptist Church in Gary, Indiana. For his lifetime of leadership and tire-less dedication to his congregation and to the community in Gary and beyond, he is worthy of the highest praise. In his honor, a celebratory banquet hosted by Clark Road Missionary Baptist Church will take place on June 13, 2016. Pharis Evans graduated from Haywood High School in Brownsville, Tennessee. As a young boy, his passion for theology grew from the church services he attended, and he knew early on that he was destined to be a preach-er. He studied theology at Chicago Baptist In-stitute and continued his studies at Calumet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JN8.007 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE834 June 7, 2016 
College of Saint Joseph in Whiting. It was on the first Sunday in April 1961, when Pharis D. Evans was first selected to lead Clark Road Missionary Baptist Church. For the past 55 years, he has administered spiritual guidance to a congregation that presently serves more than 800 parishioners. Pastor Evans’s impact through his spiritual teaching has been im-measurable, and those he has mentored can all attest to his generous nature. Throughout the years, he has been a tireless advocate for his church and the community. Since 1963, Pastor Evans has coordinated and maintained Radio Broadcast Outreach Ministry. From 2009 to the present, he has also served as ‘‘Spiritual Advisor’’ for the Baptist Ministers Conference of Gary and Vicinity, and in 2008, he was awarded the prestigious community service Drum Major Award by the Gary Fron-tiers Service Club. Additionally, Pastor Evans has served as President and Vice President of the Progressive National Baptist Convention for the state of Indiana and been a chaplain for the Gary Police Department. A passionate and proven leader, Pastor Evans has provided counsel for many young ministers in search of guidance and direction. For his selfless devo-tion to aiding those in need of spiritual guid-ance, Pastor Evans is to be commended. Reverend Evans’s exceptional dedication to the church and to his community is exceeded only by his devotion to his wonderful family. He and his beloved late wife, Ann, raised five wonderful children (one deceased), and have nine grandchildren (one deceased), and three great-grandchildren. I am privileged and honored to call Pastor Evans my friend. More importantly, Reverend Pharis D. Evans has been a friend to all, the epitome of what we consider a Man of God. A man who has led a life we should all seek to emulate. His vision, his work, and his spirt have provided all of us with a guide to an im-proved and gentler future. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in congratu-lating Pastor Evans on his 55th anniversary as Pastor of Clark Road Missionary Baptist Church. For his lifetime of leadership and self-less service to others, he is to be truly an in-spiration to us all. 
f 
JOE ANDERSON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Joe Anderson for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Joe Anderson is a 12th grader at Warren Tech North and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Joe Ander-son is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Joe Anderson for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplish-ments. f 
IN CELEBRATION OF THE 50 YEAR REUNION OF THE DILLARD HIGH SCHOOL CLASS OF 1966 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr Speaker, I rise today to commemorate 50 years since the Class of 1966 graced the halls of Dillard High School in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Dillard has a storied past and a bright fu-ture. Originally established in 1907 as Colored School Number Eleven, its opening marked the beginning of monumental African Amer-ican achievements in South Florida. At that time, Fort Lauderdale was a farming region where locals found it unnecessary to educate African Americans past the sixth grade. Two decades later the school progressed under Principal Dr. Joseph A. Ely, who added more classes and sought to educate African American students past the sixth grade. He was also responsible for the school’s current name, a nod to James Harvey Dillard, a white educator from Virginia, who was a black edu-cation advocate. In 1948, Dillard’s well-known jazz program was led by Julian Edwin ‘‘Cannonball’’ Adderley, who later became one of the best known jazz musicians in America. Adderley brought new life to the school and helped in-still the importance of jazz in the students. He taught jazz when it had not yet been accepted as a classical art form, and while he was teaching jazz he was also teaching Bach and Beethoven. Due to an expanding community, the high school grades were moved to a new facility at 2501 N.W. 11th Street in 1950, where the Class of ’66 attended and graduated. Dillard High School is now one of 62 high schools in the Broward County Public Schools and has become a magnet school open to all of Broward County, hosting three programs: Performing & Visual Arts where students collaborate and work with artists-in-residence, and have the privilege of working side-by-side with the professionals at the Broward Center for the Performing Arts, the Fort Lauderdale Museum of Art and other local arts organiza-tions. Emerging Computer Technology which of-fers a state-of-the-art technology curriculum that complements students’ core academic re-quirements utilizing computers and the latest technologies to develop higher level thinking skills, critical research and study, communica-tion, and problem solving. Digital Entrepreneurship Academy where students understand the essentials for suc-cessful business plan development, start-up and operation using digital arts, and using technology to create art, music, multimedia and animation. Mr. Speaker, clearly all Panthers can be proud of the history and future of Dillard High School. It is my absolute pleasure to wish those Panthers celebrating their 50th high school reunion on June 18, 2016, a joyous and spirited reunion. IN RECOGNITION OF JIM PROCE ON EARNING THE AMERICAN PUBLIC WORKS ASSOCIATION PUBLIC WORKS LEADER AWARD HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Jim Proce on earning the Amer-ican Public Works Association Public Works Leader Award. Each year the American Public Works Asso-ciation recognizes 10 outstanding individuals who have made an indelible mark on their communities through their commitment to pub-lic service. This year, I have the distinct honor of representing one of the recipients, Jim Proce, the Assistant City Manager of Rowlett. Jim’s commitment to his community and dedication to service has not gone unnoticed throughout his 32 years of service. During his career, he has earned many honors and awards including the National Community In-volvement Award by the American Public Works Association, was named the State Pub-lic Works Employee of the Year by FACERS in 2010, is a Designated Public Works Leader-ship Fellow by the Donald C. Stone Center for Leadership through the American Public Works Association, and is a member of the International City Management Association. In his role as Assistant City Manager of Rowlett, Jim has excelled as a community leader and worked to implement strategic goals to strengthen the city and best serve the citizens of Rowlett. Throughout Jim’s years of service he has displayed an unwavering com-mitment to community and proved to be a dis-tinguished leader in all of his endeavors. I would like to offer Jim my heartiest con-gratulations on this immense accomplishment and thank him for his dedication to serving the great people of Rowlett, Texas. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MEGAN ROBERTS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and congratulate Megan Roberts of At-lantic, Iowa, for her selection by the Young Professionals of Atlantic for the Young Profes-sional Entrepreneur Award. Megan is associ-ated with the Megan Roberts State Farm Agency. Megan’s entrepreneurial spirit and involve-ment in a new start-up enterprise led to her selection for the award. Megan Roberts has a vision for leadership, highlighting community and civic responsibilities, a center of her busi-ness and personal life. She is focused on giv-ing back to her community, offering her life ex-perience and resources to assist with the im-provement of Atlantic, all the while focusing on her future and career goals. I applaud and congratulate Megan Roberts for earning this award. She is a shining exam-ple of how hard work and dedication can af-fect the future of a community and business. I urge my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in congratulating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JN8.008 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE835 June 7, 2016 
Megan for her many accomplishments and for her service to the Atlantic community. I wish her continued success in all her future en-deavors. 
f 
HONORING JILL M CGEE 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Jill McGee for her dedi-cation and service to the El Paso community. As an elementary school teacher, Ms. McGee has stood out among her peers for her innova-tive teaching methods that empower and chal-lenge her students. A native of Lincoln, Nebraska, Jill McGee earned her Spanish undergraduate degree from North Park University in Chicago, Illinois and her Master’s degree in Bilingual Education from the University of Texas at El Paso. After graduating, Ms. McGee began her career as a teacher in the colonias of our sister city Ciu-dad Juarez, Mexico. Through her work in Ciu-dad Juarez, Ms. McGee has become fluent in Spanish and realized the importance of dual- language education. To this day, Ms. McGee often finds herself back in Ciudad Juarez where she continues to work several days a week with students from areas of extreme poverty. More recently, Ms. McGee has worked over the past five years as a second grade elemen-tary school teacher at Mesita Elementary, a dual-language elementary school in El Paso, Texas. At Mesita, she has incorporated the use of cutting edge technology in the class-room, such as computer coding and live broadcasting of her classes online, while also crafting a syllabus that challenges her stu-dents through problem-based learning. To honor Jill McGee’s decade-plus teaching career and dedication to dual-language learn-ing, the El Paso Independent School District recently recognized her as the 2016 Elemen-tary School Teacher of the Year. Jill McGee is an inspiration to the El Paso community, and I am honored to represent her. 
f 
HONORING KARRIE COULTER 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Karrie Coulter of Marin County, California, for her selection as the Teacher of the Year at the 2016 Golden Bell Awards Ceremony, presented by the Marin County Of-fice of Education in collaboration with the Marin County School Board Association and other local civic organizations. Ms. Coulter has dedicated more than 15 years to educating students in San Rafael City Schools and is currently a 2nd grade teacher at Short Ele-mentary School in San Rafael. A skilled teacher and proven leader, Ms. Coulter helped shape the direction of Short when it reopened in 2012. The school uses the Guided Language Acquisition Design (GLAD) model to serve its students, an inno-vative approach that Ms. Coulter championed to better serve its multilingual students. Ms. Coulter believes in the potential of each child, and works hard so they can achieve success. She sets a high bar in her class-room, while ensuring students feel respected and heard. Along with responding to individ-uals’ needs in the classroom, she also em-ploys data analysis and evaluates patterns outside of class to better track and promote students’ progress. The Golden Bell Awards celebrate public education in Marin County by recognizing out-standing teachers and supportive community partners. Each year, they select an exemplary educator, classified employee, teacher, and trustee for recognition. Mr. Speaker, it is therefore fitting that we honor and thank Karrie Coulter for her con-tributions to students and public education in Marin County and California. f 
IN HONOR OF H.R. 4425, THE DES-IGNATION OF THE ‘‘EUGENE J. M
CCARTHY POST OFFICE’’ IN COLLEGEVILLE, MINNESOTA 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to sup-port H.R. 4425 and honor the late Senator Eu-gene McCarthy, from Minnesota. H.R. 4425 will rename the postal facility located at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Min-nesota, as the ‘‘Eugene J. McCarthy Post Of-fice.’’ Before becoming a two-term Senator for the great state of Minnesota, Senator McCarthy was one of my predecessors, representing the people of the 4th District of Minnesota. In both the House and the Senate, Senator McCarthy took pride in representing Minnesota and was widely recognized for his collegiality and pas-sion for good governance. Perhaps President Lyndon B. Johnson said it best when he re-ferred to Senator McCarthy as ‘‘one of those uncommon men who puts his courage in the service of his country, and whose eloquence and energy are at the side of what is right and good.’’ As a graduate of both Saint John’s Pre-paratory School and Saint John’s University in Collegeville, Minnesota, I am sure Senator McCarthy would be happy to know that the Collegeville Post Office will now forever bear his name. 
f 
LEAH VOLZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Leah Volz for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Leah Volz is a 12th grader at Warren Tech North and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Leah Volz is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and persever-ance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and de-velop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Leah Volz for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplish-ments. f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,214,514,064,181.20. We’ve added $8,587,637,015,268.12 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KATHLEEN RICKER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Kathleen Ricker of Des Moines, Iowa on the very special occa-sion of her retirement after 48 years of cham-pioning for students, with many of those years as principal of Bergman Academy in Des Moines, Iowa. She will retire in June 2016 and her impact will be reverberating for genera-tions to come. Mrs. Ricker came to the Des Moines Jewish Academy in 1977 to develop the school be-cause of her proven track record for recog-nizing and nurturing academic excellence in young Iowans. In 2004, the Des Moines Jew-ish Academy merged with another private school to form The Academy, teaching 65 stu-dents. Years later, the Academy outgrew its home at the Tifereth Israel Synagogue in Des Moines, relocating and taking on the new name of Bergman Academy. The Bergman Academy now educates over 250 students. Kathleen Ricker has guided students to be-come well-rounded citizens, telling her stu-dents, ‘‘To whom much is given, much is ex-pected.’’ This spirit of philanthropy has been realized in school service projects, with stu-dents and their families contributing to organi-zations such as the Ronald McDonald House, the Animal Rescue League of Iowa, Food Bank of Iowa, UNICEF, Meals from the Heart-land and many more charitable and philan-thropic organizations. Academically, her pupils have reached their potential during their Bergman Academy years, with the school scoring in the 99th percentile on standardized assessments each year. Learning is also en-riched through programs such as archery, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.006 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE836 June 7, 2016 
chess club, Odyssey of the Mind, the arts, and numerous class trips. I commend Kathleen Ricker for shaping the hearts and minds of so many central Iowans. I wish her a lifetime of joy, prosperity, happi-ness and faith as she embarks on her next journey. I know that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating Kathleen Ricker on this celebratory milestone. 
f 
FRANK R. LAUTENBERG CHEMICAL SAFETY FOR THE 21ST CENTURY ACT, (H.R. 2576) 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I support the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act because it offers Americans meaningful protection from exposure to dan-gerous, unregulated chemicals found in the products we use every day. This bill rep-resents a substantive step in favor of public health, but it’s far from what’s needed. Today, the status quo isn’t working. Indus-tries can release hundreds of chemicals each year into our homes and workplaces without any federal requirement to consider their safe-ty. Researchers have linked chemicals used in things like household cleaners, clothing, and furniture, to serious illnesses like cancer, infer-tility, diabetes and Parkinson’s. The current law, the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), isn’t up to the job. It restricts the En-vironmental Protection Agency (EPA) from doing much of anything about these dangers. Under TSCA, only a small fraction of the thou-sands of chemicals used in our products have ever been reviewed for safety. The current law is so weak that the EPA couldn’t even regulate asbestos. In 1989, after 10 years of research and more than 100,000 pages of administrative record supporting ac-tion, the EPA issued a rule under TSCA to ban most uses of asbestos. But two years later, the EPA’s regulation was overturned by the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals; while ac-knowledging that ‘‘asbestos is a potential car-cinogen at all levels of exposure,’’ the Court ruled that the agency’s administrative record failed to demonstrate that the regulation was the ‘‘least burdensome alternative,’’ as re-quired under the law. Since the court’s ruling, the burden to regulate most toxic substances under TSCA has been insurmountable. The Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act is an important im-provement over TSCA. It would require re-views for chemicals in use today, mandating greater scrutiny of new chemicals, and remov-ing barriers that have prevented the EPA from regulating highly toxic substances in the past, such as asbestos. This reform is necessary, but it’s not ade-quate. The Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety Act doesn’t do everything public health and safety demand. Unfortunately, it bows to chemical industry, which stood in the way of reform for so long, in key provisions. For ex-ample, the chemical industry demanded and got unprecedented state preemption standards in the bill. It also imposes limitations on the EPA’s ability to monitor chemicals in imported products. Federal policy should be a floor, not a ceiling, for public health and safety. States, like my Minnesota, have led the way in cre-ating chemical safety standards that protect their residents. Last year in Minnesota, we took an important step toward protecting chil-dren and firefighters’ health when the legisla-ture passed a law to prohibit toxic flame retardants. For my part, I will continue to be an advo-cate for reform that protects public health, not special interests like the chemical industry. f 
HONORING THE ROTARY CLUB OF ALBUQUERQUE 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowl-edge the 100th Anniversary of the Rotary Club of Albuquerque, which was chartered on July 1, 1916, with 31 charter members embracing the Rotary International motto of Service Above Self. Community service projects have been a central theme throughout the club’s history. Among the first efforts of the Albuquerque Club was ‘‘boosting’’ the climate and health fa-cilities of the city, at a time when tuberculosis sanatoriums were a leading industry. Rotar-ians promoted and supported good roads for Albuquerque when it became apparent that the automobile was imperative to future growth. The Club helped direct attention to the recurring problem of flooding from the Rio Grande, and generated local support for the institution of the Middle Rio Grande Conser-vancy District, which continues to deal with a variety of critical water issues today. Over the years, the Club has played an im-portant role in the expansion of cultural life in Albuquerque. Members launched the Sym-phony Orchestra in 1932, which is now the New Mexico Philharmonic that has delighted and inspired audiences for over half a century. The Club also helped sustain the Albuquerque Little Theater for nearly as long. In more recent years, the Rotary Club co-sponsored the Grand Opening of the New Mexico Natural History Museum and provided major sponsorship for the ‘‘Children’s Fantasy Garden’’ at the Albuquerque Biological Park. Members are currently leading a Signature Centennial Project to provide $500,000 to the Explora! Museum for the ‘‘Working Together to Build a Village’’ project, which will lead partici-pants to experiment with science, engineering, architecture and the daily application of the construction process, encouraging an appre-ciation for STEM. As it completes its first century of service in our city, the Rotary Club of Albuquerque will continue to play a leading role in helping solve problems and improve the community. The moral and ethical foundation of Rotary is time-less, and will continue to inspire members with a sense of civic pride and service for many years to come. RECOGNIZING BRYAN ‘‘SCOTTIE’’ IRVING AND BLUE SKYE DEVEL-OPMENT AND CONSTRUCTION HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing and commending Bryan ‘‘Scot-tie’’ Irving, president of Blue Skye Develop-ment and Construction as our 2016 D.C. Small Business of the Year. The D.C. Small Business of the Year is named annually at our D.C. Small Business Fair, and serves as an example to inspire D.C. small businesses on what can be accomplished by small busi-nesses here. We selected Blue Skye Development and Construction not only because of its suc-cesses as a small business in the highly com-petitive construction field, but also because of the company’s work in providing affordable housing in the District. No area of entrepre-neurship for businesses of every size today is more difficult than affordable housing. Blue Skye is working in Southeast D.C. to provide affordable condominium units for District resi-dents. Blue Skye is experienced in local con-struction, and has worked on Marleyridge Condominiums, Arena Condominiums, Terrell Jr. High School, the Office of Public Education Facilities Modernization, Tewkesbury Con-dominiums, Washington Highlands Neighbor-hood Library, Rosedale Recreation Center, Park 7, Hayes Street Apartments, and Bald Eagle Recreation Center. Bryan ‘‘Scottie’’ Irving is a fifth generation Washingtonian with very strong ties to the Dis-trict of Columbia. Mr. Irving is a graduate of Cardozo High School and Central State Uni-versity in Ohio. Before founding Blue Skye De-velopment and Construction, Bryan was a D.C. public school teacher and also had a successful career as vice president of basket-ball and football recruitment with Business Arena Inc., a sports marketing firm. Today, Blue Skye serves government, residential, and commercial clients across the national capital region. The company is an example and a role model for D.C. residents and small businesses who seek to succeed in business by providing outstanding service. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in congratulating Bryan ‘‘Scottie’’ Irving of Blue Skye Development and Construction, this year’s D.C. Small Business of the Year, for his noteworthy accomplish-ments in the construction of affordable hous-ing and numerous government and other projects. 
f 
MARIAH GREEN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Mariah Green for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Mariah Green is a 12th grader at Pomona High School and received this award because 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.010 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE837 June 7, 2016 
her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Mariah Green is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Mariah Green for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
DEATH OF JOHN MULLINIX 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with great sorrow as Georgia’s Ninth District mourns the loss of one of its great leaders. John Mullinix epitomized the North Georgia values of my district. His passing on May 22nd robbed us of a man who truly valued patriot-ism and the well-being of our great nation. John loved the Constitution as much as he loved the beautiful mountains of Fannin Coun-ty that he called home. It was in those moun-tains that John showed what service to your community truly means. John never hesitated to give his time when his community was in need. He served as a volunteer firefighter, a guest columnist for his local newspaper, and Chairman of the Fannin County Tea Party Patriots. In our time of divisive partisanship and vi-cious personal attacks, John provided a re-freshing return to positive politics. His motto was that you could disagree without being dis-agreeable. John held to his political beliefs with the same sincerity with which he lived his life. His ideal time to discuss politics was over some good Georgia barbeque. I join the people of Fannin County and the Ninth District of Georgia in offering our thoughts and prayers to his wife, Janet, moth-er, Elizabeth, and siblings; Patricia, Stephen, Michael, and Mark. We have lost a man that will never be replaced. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALEXANDER REED 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Alexander Reed of Des Moines, Iowa for earning the Gold Medal of Achievement award of Iowa’s Royal Ranger Outpost Number 35. The Gold Medal of Achievement designation is the high-est advancement rank in the Royal Ranger Outpost based at Christian Life Assembly of Des Moines. To earn this Gold Medalist rank, Alexander Reed completed 56 skill merits, 212 Bible les-sons, and over 58 hours of community serv-ice. Beyond those opportunities, Alexander also completed a service project by honoring the community and spirit of patriotism by hosting a U.S. flag retirement ceremony and replacing those retired U.S. flags with new U.S. flags which were given to local organiza-tions. Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young man and his supportive family and community demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedi-cation, and perseverance. I am honored to represent Alexander Reed and his family in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating Alex on obtaining the Gold Medal of Achievement ranking, and I wish him continued success in his future education and career. f 
HONORING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF KIWANIS CLUB OF AU-RORA 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the 100th anniversary of the Kiwanis Club of Aurora. Since 1916, Kiwanis Club of Aurora has been dedicated to serving children locally and globally. Kiwanis Club of Aurora was the first club in the Illinois-Eastern Iowa District and the twenty-first club chartered in the world. With their motto, ‘‘Serving the Children of the World,’’ Kiwanis Club of Aurora has done just that, improving the lives of children across the world, one child and one community at a time. Kiwanis Club of Aurora’s largest service project, the annual Coats for Kids drive, pro-vides over 2,000 winter coats to needy chil-dren in the Aurora area. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commemorating the 100th anniversary of Kiwanis Club of Aurora as they continue their long tradition of fellowship and service. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE ‘‘QUAD-RENNIAL HOMELAND SECURITY REVIEW TECHNICAL CORRECTION ACT OF 2016’’ 
HON. BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to introduce legislation today titled the ‘‘Quadrennial Homeland Security Review Technical Correction Act of 2016.’’ In 2007, the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity passed Public Law 110–53, the Imple-menting Recommendations of the 9/11 Com-mission Act. Under this Act, the Department of Homeland Security is required to produce every four years a unified, strategic framework for homeland security missions and goals, known as the Quadrennial Homeland Security Review (QHSR). The goal of the QHSR is to provide a comprehensive assessment and analysis of the threats facing the homeland. Thus far, the Department has produced two reviews, in 2010 and 2014. The Government Accountability Office assessed each review extensively and determined that stakeholder engagement and documentation were among the areas for improvement in future QHSRs. The Quadrennial Homeland Security Review Technical Correction Act of 2016 addresses GAO findings and offers critical improvements to the QHSR. Among the key provisions are more specificity on outreach to stakeholders and requirements for supporting documenta-tion on stakeholder engagement and risk as-sessments. Specifically, my legislation enhances stake-holder engagement, by further specifying ap-propriate stakeholders to consult with during the preparation of the QHSR including the Homeland Security Advisory Council, the Homeland Security Science and Technology Advisory Committee, and the Aviation Security Advisory Committee. Additionally, my bill requires the Department to use a risk assessment when determining the homeland security missions and threats. When interacting with outside agencies to gather information on sources and strategies, the Department must do so to the extent prac-tical for the Department to gather the informa-tion needed. Finally, the Quadrennial Homeland Security Review Technical Correction Act of 2016 re-quires DHS to retain all written communica-tions through technology, online communica-tion, in-person discussions and the inter-agency process and all information on how the communications and feedback informed the development of the review. The Secretary should also retain information regarding the risk assessment including data used to gen-erate the risk results, sources of information to generate the risk assessment, and information on assumptions, weighing factors, and subjec-tive judgments used to generate the risk as-sessment. I urge support of this legislation to ensure that future Quadrennial Homeland Security Reviews provide homeland security decision- makers inside DHS and across the country with the analysis they need to help protect the United States. f 
EXPRESSING GRATITUDE TO THE INDIVIDUALS WHO ORGANIZE AND RUN KANSAS HONOR FLIGHT 
HON. MIKE POMPEO 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Speaker, in May of 2012 the Kansas Honor Flight took its first group of the Greatest Generation to Washington, D.C. Now, four years later, almost 950 World War II and Korean War Veterans have been able to visit the nation’s capital to see their memo-rials and honor friends who made the ultimate sacrifice. This month, on May 4th, the 35th Kansas Honor Flight touched down in Wash-ington, D.C. These flights would not happen without amazing volunteers. The work Mike and Connie VanCampen have done to honor these veterans is an exceptional example of the ad-miration Kansans, and all Americans, have for the men and women who serve. The VanCampens are not alone in this effort. A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JN8.020 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE838 June 7, 2016 
network of dedicated patriots whose selfless sacrifice on behalf of fellow Kansans mirrors that of the veterans they serve has worked on arranging these flights. These volunteers in-clude another husband and wife team, Lowell and Joyce Downey, whose devotion to our Kansas veterans is truly inspiring. In addition to volunteers, I would like to thank the family members that accompany these veterans to Washington. I have met many of these family members as they escort their hero around the World War II memorial. The pure joy and admiration on the faces of these family members as they experience the memorial for the first time reassures me that generations to come will understand and ven-erate the sacrifices of our nation’s military members past and present. From the bottom of my heart I say thank you. Thank you for the long hours. Thank you for your dedication. Thank you Kansas Honor Flight. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PERCIVAL SCIENTIFIC, INC. 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate an exem-plary Iowa company, Percival Scientific, Inc. as they are recognized with an ‘‘E’’ Award, the United States Government’s highest honor to an American exporter and export service pro-vider. The United States Department of Com-merce notified Percival Scientific, Inc. of the award, citing the company’s ‘‘economic dyna-mism and leadership,’’ and acknowledging that Percival Scientific, Inc.’s officials ‘‘recognize the importance exports have on creating jobs and strengthening the United States econ-omy.’’ Percival Scientific, Inc. is only one of 123 recipients of the President’s ‘‘E’’ Award. In 1961, President John F. Kennedy, Jr. cre-ated this award to recognize companies who support the expansion of U.S. exports. Per-cival Scientific, Inc. has been in business for over 125 years, established in 1886 in Des Moines, Iowa, starting as Percival Manufac-turing. The company manufactured and sold butcher tools, machinery and fixtures. As re-frigeration came into being, Percival Manufac-turing received a patent to manufacture a complete line of refrigerated display units. Since 2000, the company remains housed in a 60,000-square feet facility in Perry, Iowa, employing hundreds of central Iowans and contributing to the local and global economy. Mr. Speaker, over the last century, Percival Scientific, Inc. has left an indelible mark on the manufacturing export industry in Iowa and around the world. Their innovation and forward thinking in the creation of state-of-the-art re-frigeration chambers is recognized and ad-mired worldwide among their peers. I com-mend Percival Scientific, Inc. and their em-ployees for a job well done. I also ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in honoring this company for their unwavering commitment to manufac-turing and to the state of Iowa. I wish Percival Scientific, Inc. and their employees nothing but continued success in their future endeavors. RECOGNIZING NORTHWEST INDI-ANA’S NEWLY NATURALIZED CITIZENS HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty-one individuals who will take their oath of citizenship on Friday, June 10, 2016. This memorable occasion, pre-sided over by Magistrate Judge Andrew Rodovich, will be held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Ham-mond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On June 10, 2016, the following people, representing many nations throughout the world, will take their oaths of citizenship in Hammond, Indiana: Joseph Nderito Ndungu, Kareema Abbas Khazaal, Waqar Hikmat Mahmood Jbara, Guadalupe Garcilazo Coria, Joseph Githae Njoroge, Lawrence George Cartwright, Sridhar Meda, Hellen Wangari Gathesha, Isabela Patena Pascua, Haopeng Xie, Leslie Sorayda Lopez, Mario Vazquez Sanchez, Michelle Patena Santarromana, Verica Prentoska, Esmerelda Ortiz, Sridhar Punukollu, Marina Gramosli, Tasuli Gramosli, Maria Delgado, Bharath Ganesh Babu, Maria Angelica Garcia, Juvenal Gonzalez, Fabiola Guerra Alocilla, John Donghyun Kim, Ivy Cong Lu, Madhuri Punukollu, Emilio Soria, Alicia Tapia, Ernesto Abraham Velazquez, and Jo-seph Kamau Njoroge Venanzio. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who will be-come citizens of the United States of America on June 10, 2016. They, too, are American citizens, and they, too, are guaranteed the in-alienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. IN RECOGNITION OF JIM AND SUZIE CONNORS FOR THEIR SERVICE TO THE JEWISH FAM-ILY SERVICE OF NORTHEASTERN PENNSYLVANIA HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jim and Suzie Connors, who will be recognized at the Jewish Family Serv-ice of Northeastern Pennsylvania’s Inaugural Community Recognition Event on June 8, 2016. Mr. and Mrs. Connors will be honored for their work with Jewish Family Service and their long history of service to the Greater Scranton Community. The Jewish Family Service of Northeastern Pennsylvania is a human service organization, which reflects the Jewish tradition of caring and compassion for all people in need. Through professional counseling, advocacy, and educational programming, its services seek to enhance and strengthen the quality of individual, family, and community life. Mr. and Mrs. Connors are well known as community leaders committed to helping oth-ers throughout Northeastern Pennsylvania. Jim served as Mayor of Scranton from 1990 to 2002. Suzie was an educator in the Scranton school district for over thirty years and is a former board president for Jewish Family Service. Today, they both serve as members on the board of directors for Jewish Family Service. It is an honor to recognize Mr. and Mrs. Connors. I wish them the best as they con-tinue to work to improve the lives of Penn-sylvanians. 
f 
MORGAN RASMUSSEN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Morgan Ras-mussen for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Morgan Rasmussen is a 12th grader at Stanley Lake High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversi-ties. The dedication demonstrated by Morgan Rasmussen is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Mor-gan Rasmussen for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.017 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE839 June 7, 2016 
RECOGNIZING THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF VOICE-BUFFALO 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before you today to celebrate the 20th Anniversary of VOICE-Buffalo, a faith-based community of urban and suburban congregations throughout the County of Erie that has more than exceed-ed its mission to be the ‘‘Voice of the Voice-less.’’ In 1996 VOICE-Buffalo Clergy identified congregation-based organization as the strat-egy for breaking down the barriers that divide neighborhoods, our city and region. Tirelessly dedicated to creating a culture of responsibility and accountability for what happens in our community, VOICE-Buffalo continues to build the capacity of people to act on their concerns and to strengthen and connect institutions to individuals. Today, 55 interfaith and diverse congrega-tions, unions and other community organiza-tions that share common values, focus on bringing local issues that profoundly impact the lives of residents to the forefront. VOICE- Buffalo members believe in the positive progress that can be achieved through rallying local leaders, congregations and the private sector together to hold those in power ac-countable for making decisions that are in the best interest of the community. For two decades, VOICE’s mission has taken root in those committed to the cause of social and economic justice and whose train-ing enhances engagement in the public life of their congregations and communities. This committed membership acts locally to connect people, build public relationships, address issues in their church neighborhoods and has built a regional organization with the capacity to address policies that impact individuals, families and communities. Committed to long term systemic change, VOICE-Buffalo has achieved tangible and transformative success with its push to in-crease health and public safety with the devel-opment of a city-wide uniform garbage tote system, the implementation of Project Holy Ground to strengthen congregations, engage and connect people to the community and bring stability to neighborhoods. In 2004, VOICE-Buffalo called for targeted demolition of unsafe properties that led to collaboration with the city of Buffalo to develop a user friendly manual on housing inspections and procedures. Recent successes have been made in pub-lic transportation and in bringing methods of Restorative Justice to Erie County. Voice sponsorship has boosted training for more than 50 ‘‘peace circle keepers’’ and the estab-lishment of faith-based peace center ‘‘hubs.’’ In March of this year, I had the privilege of working with VOICE-Buffalo, NOAH (Niagara Organizing Alliance for Hope) and its joint fed-eration, Gamaliel WNY (Western New York) in welcoming U.S. Labor Secretary Thomas Perez back to his hometown of Buffalo, New York. Secretary Perez accepted the invitation extended by VOICE-Buffalo President Pastor James Giles, NOAH President Rev. JoAnne Scott and Paul Vukelic, CEO of Try-It Distrib-uting, for a public dialogue on workforce diver-sity and training strategies. Secretary Perez addressed a packed audi-torium at Bennett High School outlining the Federal Government’s plan to provide re-sources to fill the existing gaps by connecting people in need to the pipeline of opportunity and employment. The challenge to develop in-novative approaches has been embraced by VOICE-Buffalo and its community partners who continue to use their expertise to identify the underlying issues that prevent hiring and advocate for sustainability measures. There is well-deserved national acclaim for Buffalo’s renaissance but the true measure of success will be when all residents are able to participate in the rebuilding of Western New York. VOICE-Buffalo has accepted that chal-lenge and is leading the way to ensure that a pathway to participation is in place and that it is sustainable. The process of creating positive social change is never easy; it takes courage, faith, patience and vision. And that is why I rise today in the House of Representatives to ac-knowledge with admiration and appreciation the courage, faith, patience and vision of VOICE-Buffalo. More than 400 others joined together in the Golden Ballroom of Statler City to celebrate the 20th Anniversary of VOICE- Buffalo on June 2, 2016 and to give thanks for the contributions of Father Harry Grace, Rev. Will Brown (posthumously), Marianne Rathman, Murray Holman, Robert Spicer and Amy Vossen Vukelic. Thank you for this opportunity to congratu-late VOICE-Buffalo for its accomplishments. I would like to extend my best wishes for con-tinued success. By standing together, we can ‘‘be the people we’ve been waiting for’’ that make a difference in our community and set ‘‘Our Path to Power.’’ 
f 
HONORING JIMMY SMITH 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with Representative M
IKETHOMPSON in memory of our friend, Jimmy Smith, who passed away on May 24, 2016, at the age of 67. A third generation Humboldt County na-tive, Jimmy was woven into the fabric of Cali-fornia’s North Coast as a commercial fisher-man, avid outdoorsman, dedicated public serv-ant, and community leader. Born in Eureka on July 11, 1948, to James L. Smith and Jean Withey, Jimmy graduated from Eureka High in 1966. In 1972, Jimmy bought a salmon and crab fishing boat, which he operated out of Humboldt Bay for 30 years. He became a respected and expert fisherman known for his uncanny ability to locate salmon. Jimmy was also a lifelong hunter with a pas-sion for ducks and geese, especially black brant. During his time as a commercial fisherman, Jimmy also volunteered and worked on nu-merous fisheries and wildlife surveys through-out the area with the U.S. Forest Service, U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service, National Marine Fish-eries Service, California Department of Fish & Game, California Waterfowl Association, and Humboldt Fish Action Council. He co-chaired the Task Force for the Humboldt Bay Manage-ment Plan, served as the fishing industry rep-resentative to the Klamath River Basin Fish-eries Technical Work Group, and was ap-pointed by Interior Secretary Babbit to the Trinity Task Force. In 1995, Jimmy was elected to the Hum-boldt Bay Harbor, Recreation and Conserva-tion District and served until 2000, where he worked with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to deepen Humboldt Bay to improve safety and accommodate deep-draft ships. Jimmy was then elected to the Humboldt County Board of Supervisors in 2000, a position he served in for 12 years. His achievements, which he always credited to those he worked with, are too many to record. Among them were working tirelessly to clean up the South Spit of Humboldt Bay—now the Mike Thomp-son Wildlife Area; helping broker agreements meant to tear out the Klamath River’s fish- blocking dams; and efforts to improve flows on the Eel River and protect fisheries on the Klamath, Trinity and Eel rivers. During his term as supervisor, Jimmy was a primary vi-sionary and co-founder of the seven-county North Coast Integrated Regional Water Man-agement Plan (now the North Coast Resource Partnership) and the Five-Counties Salmonid Conservation Program. Jimmy was named National Fisherman Magazine Highliner of the Year in 1983 and received numerous other recognitions, includ-ing the John Pelnar Commercial Fisherman Award in 1984 and awards from the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service, California Waterfowl Asso-ciation, U.S. Coast Guard, Eureka Chamber of Commerce, Elks Club, and the Humboldt County League of Women Voters. He was a member and the chair of the Commercial Salmon Trollers Advisory Committee and Cali-fornia Salmon Stamp Committee. Jimmy Smith was a champion of the North Coast and the conservation of its natural re-sources. He had a profound impact on so many people, often serving as a valued friend, partner, and mentor. He quietly led by exam-ple and earned his reputation as a true gen-tleman known for creating partnerships, re-sponsive leadership, treating everyone with re-spect, generosity of spirit, kindness, and integ-rity. Those who knew him best appreciated his witty sense of humor and love for teasing those he liked. Jimmy is survived by his soul mate and wife of more than 40 years, Jacque; his son Gary; his granddaughters Shawni Chrislock and her husband Kohl, and McKayla Smith; his sisters Laurie Smith and Marnie Carr; and nieces, nephews and cousins. He also leaves behind many friends who loved him and will miss him dearly. Few are as beloved and widely respected as Jimmy Smith, who made such a difference in the lives of so many and in his community. We both considered him a friend and relied on him for his wise counsel, as did our staffs and our colleagues in state and local government. Mr. Speaker, it is fitting that we honor Jimmy today for his decades of commitment to the North Coast, and we express our deepest ap-preciation for his friendship and service. His presence will be sorely missed and his legacy not soon forgotten. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.020 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE840 June 7, 2016 
HONORING DIRECTOR ELIZABETH JOYCE FREEMAN 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with Congressman M
CNERNEY and Congressman S
WALWELL to acknowledge and honor Director Elizabeth Joyce Freeman for her many years of service to the Palo Alto Veteran Affairs health care system. Director Freeman has worked nobly in serving veterans since 1983, and after 33 years of honorable service to the VA she has announced her retirement on June 7, 2016. Graduating from the University of Notre Dame in 1983, Ms. Freeman obtained her Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineer-ing. She returned to school in 1987 at Lou-isiana Tech University where she graduated with her Master’s Degree in Business Adminis-tration. In 1983, Ms. Freeman’s began her exten-sive career with the VA as a Resident Engi-neer at the VA Medical Center in Oklahoma City. She moved up the ranks quickly and be-came the Senior Resident Engineer in Okla-homa City and later moved to Shreveport, Louisiana. Other positions she held with the VA include the following: Project Manager of the VA Central Office Southern Region; Health System Administrator Trainee of the VA Palo Alto Health Care System; Chief Operating Offi-cer of the VA Sierra Pacific Network Office in San Francisco, California; Associate Director of the VA Palo Alto Health Care System; and Director of the VA Palo Alto Health Care Sys-tem. In 2001, Ms. Freeman was appointed to Di-rector of the VA Palo Alto Health Care Sys-tem, and since then has efficiently and suc-cessfully overseen the complex organization. In her capacity as Director she is tasked with overseeing an annual budget of over $1 bil-lion, a capital portfolio of $2.6 billion, and more than 7,000 staff and volunteers. In addition to Ms. Freemans’ numerous pro-fessional achievements, we would like to high-light some of the work that Ms. Freeman did outside the VA Office. She served on many boards and committees, such as the Palo Alto Veterans Institute for Research and the Qual-ity Board, Patient Care, and Patient Experi-ence Committee of the El Camino Hospital Board. She was a member of the California Hospital Association’s Santa Clara County Section, and served on the Board of Directors for the Hospital Council in 2006. She should be commended for her outstanding involve-ment in the community. The abundance of awards Ms. Freeman has received demonstrates her exceptional leader-ship and proven work ethic. Ms. Freeman re-ceived the Presidential Rank Award at the meritorious level in 2005 and the distinguished level in 2009, she was a recipient of the Lead-ership VA Senior Executive Leadership Award, she received the VA Alumni Association’s Honorary Leadership Award in 2005, and was named one of the top 100 influential women in Silicon Valley. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and recognizing Director Elizabeth Freeman’s lead-ership that brought invaluable institutional knowledge to the VA Palo Alto Health Care System. We thank her for her unwavering leadership, devoted service and contributions on behalf of the community and the Nation. f 
TRIBUTE TO EAGLE SCOUT BRYCE NORMAN BERTHUSEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Bryce Norman Berthusen of Waukee, Iowa for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Bryce is a member of Boy Scout Troop 178. The Eagle Scout designation is the highest advancement rank in scouting. Approximately two percent of Boy Scouts earn the Eagle Scout Award. The award is a performance-based achievement with high standards that have been well main-tained over the past century. To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout is obligated to pass specific tests that are or-ganized by requirements and merit badges, as well as completing an Eagle Scout Project to benefit the community. For Bryce’s project, he designed and constructed outdoor fitness sta-tions at the local Waukee Y.M.C.A. Bryce is a freshman at Waukee High School with a great interest in science, engineering and music. He is also on the Waukee High School baseball team and spends time with his church’s youth group. The work ethic Bryce has shown in his Eagle Scout Project and every other project leading up to his Eagle Scout rank, speaks volumes about his commitment to serving a cause greater than himself and assisting his community. Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young man and his supportive family and community demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedi-cation, and perseverance. I am honored to represent Bryce Norman Berthusen and his family in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives will join me in congratulating him on obtaining the Eagle Scout ranking, and I wish him continued success in his future education and career. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE FELLOW-SHIP CHAPEL 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Fellowship Chapel on their 50th an-niversary. The accomplishments of this long- standing institution exemplify the importance and strength of community, fellowship, and service. Founded in 1966 by Reverend James E. Wadsworth Jr. and around one-hundred founding members, Fellowship Chapel came from humble beginnings at a small funeral home. Through tireless service, its member-ship and ministries have continued to grow, making it necessary to repeatedly expand. In January of 2002, members and friends of Fel-lowship Chapel fulfilled Reverend Dr. Wendell Anthony’s vision of a new village with the his-toric groundbreaking for the present church building on West Outer Drive. The building was dedicated on June 5th, 2005, as thou-sands marched from the old location to the new, demonstrating the significance of Fellow-ship Chapel within the community. Fellowship Chapel has a strong and growing congregation built on a foundation of faith and trust which has been built through the years under the visionary leadership of Rev. Dr. Wendell Anthony. Along with faithfully leading his congregation, Reverend Anthony is a pow-erful voice for positive change in Metro Detroit. As the President of the Detroit Branch NAACP, Reverend Anthony has led the fight for civil rights, good jobs, and safe commu-nities in Detroit. As Reverend Anthony has fought hard for social change, Fellowship Chapel has become a place where members of the community gather to discuss the impor-tant issues whether they are on a local, state, or national level, to ensure members of the community have a better understanding of what is happening and how to engage to make our world a better place. In that way, Fellowship Chapel is a powerful symbol for what we believe and what we should strive for as a people. Fellowship Chapel’s leaders and volunteers have continued to faithfully provide much- needed services to the local community, in-cluding full-time outreach ministry programs, computer programming, adult education, Nar-cotics and Alcoholics anonymous, homeless assistance, and standardized test-coaching for college-bound students. For 50 years, Fellow-ship Chapel has held itself to the highest standards to ensure that local residents would always have somewhere to turn during both good times and bad. As a sanctuary of spir-itual and social progress, it has served as a pillar of the local community for half a century, and will continue to do so for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today to honor Fellowship Chapel on their 50th anniversary and wish them many more years of success. f 
MARIYA PEREZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Mariya Perez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Mariya Perez is a 12th grader at Wheat Ridge High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Mariya Perez is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Mariya Perez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.021 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE841 June 7, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO JIM O’BRIEN 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remember a wonderful neighbor and friend, Jim O’Brien, who passed away over the weekend after a brave battle with cancer. For many years, Jim and his wife Barb lived in Taylorville, always bringing smiles to the faces in town. My daughter, Toryn, loved the pink house he and Barb lived in with their Yorkie, Maggie. What I will remember most about Jim is his kindness and generosity. Driven by faith, fam-ily, and community, Jim spent nearly all of his time serving others. He was an active member of Trinity Lutheran Church in Taylorville, coached Little League, delivered Meals on Wheels, and served as an after-school mentor for children. When Taylorville opened its SHADOW home, a residential faith-based pro-gram for women and children, Jim dedicated much of his time making the home a com-fortable place for those in need. In his free time, Jim served as the president of the park district board and frequently at-tended high school basketball and football games, cheering on the Tornadoes whenever he could. There is no doubt that Jim made Taylorville a wonderful place to call home. His love for the community and his service to others will always be remembered. He will be greatly missed by me, my family, and by all those who knew him. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife, Barb, and their family. 
f 
HONORING THE NOMINEES FOR KANE COUNTY CHIEFS OF PO-LICE ASSOCIATION’S 2015 LOUIS SPUHLER OFFICER OF THE YEAR FOR KANE COUNTY AWARD 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the nominees for the 2015 Kane County Chiefs of Police Association’s Louis Spuhler Officer of the Year for Kane County Award. The award, presented by the Batavia Moose Lodge Number 682 and the Kane County Chiefs of Police Association, recognizes the outstanding achievements of police officers who protect our community. The men and women who wear the badge provide our fami-lies with security while putting their own lives on the line and deserve our admiration and thanks. I would like to congratulate the winner of the 2015 Louis Spuhler Officer of the Year for Kane County, Officer Dean M. Tucker, as well as his fellow nominees: Sergeant Elizabeth Palko, Lieutenant Brian McCarty, Lieutenant Anthony Gorski, Officer Ronald F. M
CNeff, Sergeant Eric Blowers, Officer Erika Stover, Officer Justin Howe, Officer Chris Potthoff, Of-ficer Mark Skorup, Trooper Gregory Melzer, and Detective Andrew Houghton. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the nominees for the 2015 Louis Spuhler Officer of the Year for Kane County Award and thanking them for their continued dedication to the safety and security of our community. f 
TRIBUTE TO DOROTHY AND BILL HARPER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Dorothy and Bill Harper of Peru, Iowa, on the very special oc-casion of their 60th wedding anniversary. Bill and Dorothy’s lifelong commitment to each other truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for many years to come. I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more memories. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous oc-casion. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF GREGORY STEVENS, A DISTINGUISHED MEMBER OF THE GARLAND PO-LICE DEPARTMENT 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a distinguished member of the Gar-land Police Department, Officer Gregory Ste-vens, for receiving the Medal of Valor at the White House. On May 3, 2015, two gunmen opened fire at an event in Garland with the sole intent of harming and taking the lives of every single person inside. Luckily, Officer Stevens was standing guard that night. As the shooters opened fire on the auditorium, Officer Stevens swiftly acted to protect the people of Garland from what could have been a dev-astating situation. His actions not only saved countless innocent lives, they also sent a clear message that Texans will not stand down in the face of terror. I am extremely proud to have such excep-tional men and women who faithfully serve and protect our communities. Officer Stevens, thank you for your selfless service and your unwavering commitment to protect the won-derful people of North Texas. God Bless our Police Officers, God Bless Texas, and God Bless America. 
f 
HONORING MICHAEL P. REESE 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize and honor Michael P. Reese for his extraordinary contributions to the community of El Paso and honorable service to our na-tion. Mr. Reese stands apart for his distin-guished service as a teacher in the El Paso community and soldier for the United States Army. Born in Omaha, Nebraska, in 1979, Michael P. Reese has dedicated both his life and ca-reer to the service of others. After graduating from the Texas Lutheran University in 2001, Mr. Reese worked as a counselor to troubled youth at a therapeutic wilderness camp in Lockhart, Texas. In 2003, he joined the United States Army, where he served honorably through 2005. During his service, Mr. Reese was stationed at Fort Hood in Killeen, Texas and deployed to Iraq from 2004 to 2005 with the First Brigade Combat Team of the First Cavalry Division. While deployed, Mr. Reese earned the Combat Medical Badge for satis-factorily performing medical duties while his unit was engaged in ground combat. After completing his term of enlistment, Mi-chael Reese moved to El Paso when he was accepted into the University of Texas at El Paso’s History Graduate Program. Since grad-uating in 2009, Mr. Reese has worked as a high school teacher in El Paso and earned several awards for his refusal to dumb down challenging issues and ability to bring out the best in his students, including Campus Teach-er of the Year at Andress High School. Mi-chael P. Reese’s creative use of technology to inspire his students and encourage discussion, exemplifies the vision required to educate the youth of El Paso in the 21st century. This year, the El Paso Independent School District named Mr. Reese Secondary Teacher of the Year for his work as a Social Studies and Broadcast Journalism teacher at El Paso High School. Michael P. Reese’s commitment to helping others is an inspiration to the El Paso commu-nity. I am honored to recognize him for his service to our country both in the military and classroom. f 
HONORING ROMAN MAZUR ON HIS COMPANY’S ANNUAL DANCE FES-TIVAL 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I am honored today to recognize Roman Mazur on bringing his dance company’s annual dance festival, this year entitled, ‘‘Melodies from My Grand-mother’s Chest’’ to the Theatre of Buffalo Grove Community Art Center on the weekend of May 28th. I’m excited to convey my support for a vibrant cultural event hosted in the center of my district. The tenth congressional district is a hub of cultural diversity, and events like Mr. Mazur’s Dance Festival encapsulate this. The Festival highlights the hard work, creative endurance, and dedication of veteran dancers as they bring the rich tradition of 1930s and 40s danc-ing and music to the audience. It is truly my pleasure to commend Mr. Mazur on many years of outstanding work with the Mazur Dance School. I congratulate him and his company on the Festival, and wish him the best of luck in all of his future endeav-ors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.024 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE842 June 7, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO DARLENE AND DWAYNE HENRICHS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Darlene and Dwayne Henrichs of Thayer, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 65th wedding anni-versary. They were married on June 3, 1951. Dwayne and Darlene’s lifelong commitment to each other, their children, and their grand-children truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 65th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger as they con-tinue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. I commend this great couple on their 65th year together and I wish them many more memories. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous oc-casion. 
f 
ROBYN COLAO–MORGAN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Robyn Colao- Morgan for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Robyn Colao-Morgan is a 12th grader at Warren Tech North and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Robyn Colao-Morgan is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Robyn Colao-Morgan for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE 2016 UNITED HEALTH FOUNDATIONS DIVERSE SCHOLARS 
HON. ERIK PAULSEN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, continuing to modernize the health care system requires im-proving the quality and delivery of health care, the backbone of which is the health care work-force. I am pleased to have the opportunity today to talk about a group of students from across the country who represent some of the brightest individuals preparing to enter the health care workforce. This year’s United Health Foundation Diverse Scholars Initiative scholarship recipients represent 36 states. They are working hard in their under-graduate and graduate programs—whether they are studying to be doctors, nurses, den-tists, pharmacists, public health specialists, or technicians—to increase the number of skilled professionals entering the health care work-force. Beyond their academic achievements, I would also like to recognize their commitment to making the health care system more cul-turally relevant and their dedication to improv-ing the health outcomes of the individuals they will one day serve. Research shows that when people are treated by health professionals who share their language, culture, and eth-nicity, they are more likely to accept and re-ceive medical treatment. This will be a great asset to our nation’s health care system. Next week, these scholars will be joining us in Washington, DC to examine some of the nation’s most pressing health care problems and potential solutions as part of the United Health Foundation’s Annual Diverse Scholars Forum. Since 2007, the United Health Foun-dation has helped more than 1,850 multicul-tural students from across the country realize their dream of pursuing careers in health while focusing on the needs of local communities through the Diverse Scholars Initiative. This year, these scholars also include a group of military spouses and dependents pursuing health care careers who have received schol-arships, and I’d like to recognize their commit-ment to becoming part of the future health workforce and their support for those who have served. To these exceptional scholars, congratula-tions and best wishes for success in all of your future endeavors. I know that our nation’s health care system will benefit from your hard work and talent. Jean Abac, Miranda Adcock, Sainfer Aliyu, Cadijah Allen, Jose Alonso, Toni Aluko, Eve-lyn Ambush, Felicia Andrew, Jesse Andrews, Brie Antonas, Kwame Awuku, Lluriana Bailon, Kane Banner, Sophia Barrios, Christina Batarse, Anya Bazzell, Shanell Becenti, Ashleigh Bennett, Carlene Black, Ashley Blackwell, Maya Bryant, Tina Bui, Andrea Bur-gess, Ebony Caldwell, Ana Cisneros, Danelle Cooper, Sandy Cullins, Radha Dahal, Marcqwon Day, Andres de Avila, Elizabeth De La Rosa, Chelsie Rae Domingo, Katie Dun-can, Evelyn Escobedo Pol, Rebecca Espinoza, Mayra Estrada, Laurie Farreau, Clarissa Flores, Nyla Flowers, Thomas Fran-co, Jeremy Garriga, Misha Gilmore, Homero Guaderrama, Eddie Hackler III, Jackie Hair-ston, Jada Mone’e Harris, Oswaldo Hasbun Avalos, Katie Haynes, Shakura Howard, Aus-tere Apolo, Wes Hungbui, Jalane Jara, Sophia Jimenez, Valencia Johnson, Karianne Jones, Ramanjot Kaur, Leslie Kedelty, Linda Kerandi, Ashley Kyalwazi, Angel Lara, Vin Lay, Anna Le, Saleena Lee, Edith Leiva, Amy Liang, Korai Liriano, Maria Madrigal, Erin Abigail Marden, Rasheena McCabe, Karen Mendez, Santiago Mercado, Monique Merritt, Alexa Mieses, Kimberly Mondestin, Lynette Morgan, Krista Morine, Binh Nguyen, Whitney Nwagbara, Justin Okons, Francesca Olguin, Chiemeka Onyima, Sylvia Pena, Bert Pineda, Joshua Platero, Cecilia Ramirez, Juan Rami-rez, Isis Reyes, Julian Roby, Leah Ruiz, Valeria Salazar Ball, Brianne Samson, Ari St. Clair, May Lei Suen, Hiroshi Usui, Janet Van, Vaithish Velazhahan, Jennifer Villalobos, Shenae Whitehead, Veronica Williams, Taylor Williams-Hamilton, Davontae Willis, Ernestine Wilson, Bethany Womack, Chris Zermeno, and Jingna Zhao. f 
IN HONOR OF THE CLOWES FUND 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor The Clowes Fund and family whose philanthropic contributions have posi-tively impacted countless Hoosiers in my hometown of Indianapolis. Dr. George Henry Alexander Clowes, his wife Edith Whitehill Clowes and their two sons, Allen W. Clowes and Dr. George H.A. Clowes, Jr., incorporated The Clowes Fund in 1952 to support education along with literary, per-forming, and fine arts. Social services soon became another focus for support. A rare combination of scientist and entrepreneur, the senior Dr. Clowes was director of research at Eli Lilly and Company who in 1921 mobilized Lilly resources to mass produce and market an insulin treatment that would save the lives of millions of diabetics. Lilly’s subsequent growth as a pharmaceutical giant contributed to Dr. Clowes’ personal success, giving rise to the Fund, an extensive art collection and other philanthropic endeavors. Mrs. Clowes was ac-tively involved in a variety of educational, cul-tural and social service interests in the com-munity; she was a co-founder of the Orchard School and Planned Parenthood. Their story is told in The Doc and the Duchess, The Life and Legacy of Dr. George H.A. Clowes, writ-ten by their grandson, Dr. Alexander (Alec) Whitehill Clowes. Alec joined The Clowes Fund board at age 21 and served from 1967–2015, and as presi-dent 2001–2015. Early in his tenure he was intimately involved in planning the Clowes Pa-vilion at the Indianapolis Museum of Art (IMA) for exhibition of the Clowes Collection on long term loan. Later, he helped guide the board toward a decision to transfer ownership of the Collection to the IMA, a process that will cul-minate by 2023 when Indianapolis celebrates the centennial of insulin. In the early 1990’s, Alec was a uniting force that prevented the foundation from being divided by family branches. Unity is a legacy of his leadership as he made it a priority to recruit a fourth gen-eration of family members to serve the foun-dation’s mission. Since its founding, The Clowes Fund has awarded $37.3 million in funding to nonprofit organizations in Indianapolis. Recent grant gifts include more than $550,000 to local Cen-ters for Working Families, a service delivery model designed to move families out of pov-erty and toward a more self-sufficient standard of living, and nearly $2 million to support serv-ices for immigrants, refugees and asylees in our community. The Fund has also transferred art valued at approximately $25.3 million from the Clowes Collection to the Indianapolis Mu-seum of Art with another $25 million in support scheduled over the next few years to ensure the collection remains intact and in Indianap-olis. In addition to grantmaking, The Clowes Fund has left a lasting legacy in Indianapolis by donating its grant files to the Ruth Lilly Phil-anthropic Studies Library and Archives at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.030 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE843 June 7, 2016 
IUPUI. The Clowes family also donated per-sonal papers and mementos to the Indiana History Center. Our community continues to benefit from the foundation’s mission to support organizations and projects that build a more just and equi-table society, create opportunities for initia-tives, foster creativity and the growth of knowl-edge, and promote appreciation of the natural environment. Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing The Clowes Fund for its dedicated efforts to improve our community. 
f 
WOMEN’S HEART ALLIANCE PART-NERSHIP WITH THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, did you know that the rate of heart disease is increasing the fastest among young women, especially among African-American and Latina women, and that stroke is still considered a silent kill-er? Young women need to better understand the risks and how to better prevent heart dis-ease—in addition to spreading the word to their loved ones. That is why I support The Ohio State Uni-versity and the Women’s Heart Alliance’s new unique partnership to screen and educate col-lege-aged women about their risk for heart disease and how they can prevent it. Death rates from heart disease have been virtually stagnant in young women over the last two decades. In the United States, heart disease kills more women each year than all cancers com-bined. Yet, forty-five percent of women are un-aware that it is their number one health threat. Mr. Speaker, we need awareness, edu-cation and advocacy to tackle this epidemic. Dr. Bernadette Mazurek Melnyk, Associate Vice President for Health Promotion, Chief Wellness Officer, and Dean and Professor of the College of Nursing at The Ohio State Uni-versity said it best, ‘‘We must act with urgency to teach young women how they can prevent heart disease by engaging in healthy lifestyle behaviors, such as 30 minutes of physical ac-tivity 5 days a week, 5 fruits and vegetables per day, no smoking, and stress reduction. They and their loved ones’ lives depend on it.’’ Mr. Speaker, we cannot leave women’s health to chance. Heart disease is deadly, but it’s also largely preventable. Let’s help educate young women in my dis-trict, across Ohio, and beyond about the risk factors of cardiovascular disease, so they de-velop heart-healthy behaviors long before the symptoms of heart disease ever develop. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KATE LECHTENBERG 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Kate Lechtenberg of Ankeny, Iowa for being award-ed the American Association of School Librar-ians’ (AASL) Frances Henne Award. The AASL award is presented to a school librarian with five years or less experience who dem-onstrates leadership qualities with students, teachers and administrators. When presenting the award, AASL officials said, ‘‘Kate Lechtenberg is our unanimous choice due to her impressive service record and obvious commitment to the field.’’ Ms. Lechtenberg, Northview Middle School’s librar-ian for four years, embraces diverse program-ming, active research and fosters a love of reading with her students and the instructors. For nearly a decade as a literacy and English teacher, Ms. Lechtenberg became a school librarian, accepting a position at Northview Middle School in Ankeny, Iowa, where she provides a vibrant learning space for 850 students. Outside of school activities, Ms. Lechtenberg serves as the professional development chairman for the Iowa Associa-tion of School Librarians and as a member of the AASL standards and guidelines implemen-tation task force. Kate Lechtenberg makes a difference by serving others. It is with great honor that I rec-ognize her today. I know that my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in honoring her accomplishments. I thank her for her service to the Iowa students and the com-munity, wishing her all the best in the future. f 
HONORING DR. JOHN D. LEWIS, JR. 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory and life of Dr. John D. Lewis, Jr., of the Third Congressional District, and to express my sincerest condolences to his family and loved ones he has left behind, as well as to recognize his service and career. Dr. Lewis joined the United States Army in high school and served in World War II from 1943 to 1946. Upon returning to the United States, he completed his education and en-tered Hampton University. Dr. Lewis continued to serve our nation by participating in the ROTC program, while studying biology. He be-came an officer in the military at Hampton and earned his bachelor’s degree in 1951. After leaving Hampton University, Dr. Lewis was stationed at Camp Edwards in New Bedford, Massachusetts where he met Agnes Perry Alves, whom he married in July of 1952. Dr. Lewis served as an officer in the Korean War from 1951 to 1953. He then joined the Army Reserves and rose to the rank of Major before retiring with honor and distinction in 1976. Dr. Lewis continued his education while raising a family with Agnes in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He became a certified Physical Therapist in 1962, and then decided to pursue a career in Podiatry. He became a Doctor of Podiatric Medicine in 1969. He opened a prac-tice in 1970, where he served members of the community. He and his family were very active in the Holy Cross Lutheran Church, always giving back to others when possible. Dr. Lewis was known throughout his community as a hard-working, thoughtful and determined man who overcame discrimination and much adver-sity to obtain success. Mr. Speaker, the people of New Jersey’s Third Congressional District are tremendously honored to have had Dr. John Lewis, Jr., as a selfless and dedicated member of their com-munity, whose generosity and vivacious spirit will never be forgotten. It is with a heavy heart that I recognize his honorable service to the United States of America and commemorate his career and life, as well as the lasting leg-acy that he has left behind, before the United State House of Representatives. f 
THE MEDICARE DENTAL, VISION, AND HEARING BENEFIT ACT OF 2016 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, today I am proud to introduce the Medicare Dental, Vi-sion, and Hearing Benefit Act of 2016. This legislation expands the Medicare benefit pack-age to include comprehensive coverage of dental, vision, and hearing care. The Medicare program commemorated its 50th anniversary last year, and there are many reasons to celebrate this important mile-stone. Thanks to Medicare, 55 million seniors, patients with End-Stage Renal Disease, and people with disabilities enjoy the peace of mind and security that comes with health cov-erage. But there is still a tremendous amount of work that must be done to ensure that the coverage that Medicare provides truly meets the needs of all of its beneficiaries. Unfortunately, many gaps continue to exist in Medicare’s covered benefits. These gaps force beneficiaries to shoulder burdensome out-of-pocket costs and, in many cases, to do without the care they need. One of the largest holes in the Medicare benefit package is the lack of coverage for dental, vision, and hearing care. In fact, not only does Medicare not pay for these crucial health services, but current law specifically ex-cludes them from coverage. This is a shortsighted and harmful policy that has serious ramifications for beneficiaries. Lack of dental care is linked strongly with numerous health problems, including poten-tially fatal and costly conditions such as car-diovascular disease and oral cancers. Similarly, untreated vision disorders—which are among the most common and costly con-ditions facing the elderly—substantially in-crease the risk of expensive hospitalizations due to injuries associated with falls. And hearing loss, which is pervasive among beneficiaries, often leads to social isolation, depression, and cognitive impairments. Yet the majority of elderly Americans who need hearing aids do not have them—in large part due to costs. It’s time for Congress to recognize that Medicare must be expanded to address the full spectrum of beneficiaries’ health needs. The Medicare Dental, Vision, and Hearing Benefit Act does just that. The bill repeals the outdated statutory exclu-sions that prevent Medicare from providing coverage of dental, vision, and hearing serv-ices and related supplies. It amends Part B to provide coverage of necessary health services, including routine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.032 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE844 June 7, 2016 
dental cleanings, fillings and crowns, root ca-nals, refractive eye exams, and exams for hearing aids. It provides coverage of items such as den-tures, eyeglasses, contact lenses, low vision devices, and hearing aids as durable medical equipment, prosthetics, and orthotic supplies. And to control costs and facilitate implemen-tation of these major reforms, benefits will be subject to reasonable limitations and will be phased in gradually in the years following en-actment. All too often, policy discussions about Medi-care focus on how much of the program to cut and how to further shift costs onto bene-ficiaries. This is the wrong approach. It’s time for Congress to recognize that Medicare must be strengthened, not cut, and that benefits must be expanded, not scaled back. The Medicare Dental, Vision, and Hearing Benefit Act will make Medicare a stronger, fairer, and more comprehensive program for the 55 million beneficiaries it serves. I urge my colleagues to join me in working to enact this and other important expansions of Medicare now and in the future. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE PHIL-IPPINES ON ITS 118TH ANNIVER-SARY OF ITS INDEPENDENCE 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Republic of Philippines on the 118th Anniversary of its independence. I also join the people of Guam and the Filipino Community of Guam in declaring the month of June as Philippine Month in Guam. On May 1, 1898, the Battle of Manila Bay signaled the United States’ entry into the war with Spain that the Philippines had been fight-ing for since 1896. On June 12, 1898 the Fili-pino revolutionary forces under General Emilio Aguinaldo proclaimed the sovereignty and independence of the Philippine Islands from Spanish colonial rule. Filipinos are very proud of these leaders who had the dream of an independent and free country. This act of de-termining their political future remains a much celebrated event 118 years later, especially by Filipinos who call the United States and Guam home. Since earning their independence, the Phil-ippine people have suffered through years of dictatorship, martial law, and Japanese occu-pation. We on Guam are particularly sympa-thetic to this last event, having ourselves been taken over by the Japanese. Today, the Philippines is an important ally of the United States in Southeast Asia. President Aquino has taken positive steps to combat ter-rorism in the Philippines, and his government continues to be cooperative with our own ef-forts in the region. In addition, the friendship of the Filipino people has forged a bond between our two nations that has grown stronger over time. Filipino-Americans have contributed im-mensely to our nation. In my home district of Guam, Filipino-Americans represent over one- third of the general population. They play a key role in the economic, social, and political fabric of our island and the nation as a whole. Guam and the Philippines share linguistic, so-cial, and cultural roots which have made Fili-pinos on Guam able to be active in celebrating their culture in harmony with the local commu-nity. Many Filipinos and members of the Fili-pino Community of Guam have contributed their time, talents and expertise by serving as medical, educational, and government profes-sionals and religious leaders, among others, to improve the quality of life on Guam. The Fili-pino Community of Guam has also been pas-sionately dedicated to helping those in need by supporting numerous charitable non-profit organizations on our island and they have or-ganized fundraising drives for disaster victims in the Micronesia region and the Philippines. Our two nations and indeed our people are intimately linked to one another. On behalf of the people of Guam, I congratulate the Phil-ippines and the Filipino Community of Guam on the 118th anniversary of independence of the Philippines and look forward to the contin-ued service and contributions of the Filipino Community of Guam. f 
RECOGNIZING LILY SHEN 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lily Shen, a resident of the 6th dis-trict, for being awarded the Asian American Hero of Colorado Award. Mrs. Shen emigrated from Taiwan to the United States with her family 35 years ago. Since then, she has been a pillar of her com-munity; fervently engaging in countless com-munity programs. To name just a few of her current engagements, Mrs. Shen is currently the President of Colorado Chinese Language School and Colorado Chinese Club, the Presi-dent of Colorado Chinese Evergreen Society, the Vice Chair of the Asian Pacific Develop-ment Center, and as the Treasurer of the Asian Roundtable of Colorado. Mrs. Shen has also served as the chair of the Chinese/Tai-wanese Advisor Council to my office since 2012–present. Her storied career of community service to the Colorado Asian community, and to the Colorado community as a whole, has been punctuated by numerous awards recognizing her achievement. To name a few of her many awards, Mrs. Shen is a recipient of a lifetime achievement award from the Colorado Behav-ioral Healthcare Council, a Woman of Distinc-tion award from the Girl Scouts Mile High Council, an Outstanding Performance and Lasting Contributions Award from Senator Wayne Allard and she is a recipient of the Ambassadors for Peace Excellence in Leader-ship Award from Inter-religious and Inter-national Federation for World Peace; Amer-ican Leadership Initiative in Washington DC. I commend Mrs. Shen for her dutiful and tireless service to her community. She is truly deserving of being awarded the Asian Amer-ican Hero of Colorado Award; an award which is yet another testament to her lifetime of com-munity service. TRIBUTE TO HELEN AND BILL LORENZEN HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Helen and Bill Lorenzen of Truro, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They were married on May 26, 1956. Bill and Helen’s lifelong commitment to each other truly embodies Iowa values. As they re-flect on their 60th anniversary, may their com-mitment grow even stronger as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more memories. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous oc-casion. 
f 
NATASHA THIES 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Natasha Thies for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Natasha Thies is a 12th grader at Wheat Ridge High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Natasha Thies is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Natasha Thies for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
MARVIN CHARLES—CONGRES-SIONAL TESTIMONY TO REP-RESENTATIVE DAVE REICHERT’S LAW ENFORCEMENT TASK FORCE 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following testimony: 
Thank you for inviting me to speak with you today. I’m honored to be here. I first met with Congressman Reichert at his Dis-trict Office last year, just before I drove my 18-year-old daughter to Oklahoma to start her freshman year in college. This is the daughter who started my jour-ney. She was the baby girl I was about to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.036 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE845 June 7, 2016 
abandon on the steps of a hospital 18 years ago. But as I held her that day, my heart changed. I looked into her little brown eyes and I started to cry. I realized that’s not what a father is supposed to do. A father is supposed to protect and take care of his child. But I had no idea whatsoever of how to do that. Because of her, I have the oppor-tunity to come before you today and tell you the story of DADS (www.aboutdads.org). DADS stands for Divine Alternatives for Dads Services. We are based in Seattle but serve fathers and families in the Puget Sound region and throughout Western Wash-ington. Our vision is ‘‘Stronger Fathers, Healthier Communities.’’ Our mission is ‘‘To give fathers hope by walking together in sup-portive community, helping them navigate relational and legal barriers that separate them from their children and families.’’ I believe—from personal experience—that the biggest problem facing our nation today is not crime, drugs and alcohol, or gang vio-lence. These are just the results of a larger problem, which is fatherlessness. So many of the problems in our communities today are direct results of fatherlessness. Far too many of our young people have not had strong, responsible fathers engaged in their lives. As a result, too many go off the rails. They begin committing crimes, abus-ing drugs and alcohol, dropping out of school, and running away from home. An-other common side effect is teenage preg-nancies and out-of-wedlock births. The National Fatherhood Initiative has identified fatherlessness as the root cause of $100 billion a year in taxpayer costs. A few statistics: 90 percent of all homeless and runaway children are from fatherless homes. 85 percent of all children that exhibit be-havioral disorders come from fatherless homes. 85 percent of all youths in prisons grew up in a fatherless home. 80 percent of rapists motivated by dis-placed anger come from fatherless homes. 75 percent of all adolescents in chemical abuse centers come from fatherless homes. 71 percent of all high school dropouts come from fatherless homes. 70 percent of juveniles in state-operated in-stitutions come from fatherless homes. 63 percent of youth suicides are individuals from fatherless homes. I sometimes compare fatherlessness to AIDS. The AIDS virus doesn’t kill you, but it breaks down your immune system, so the in-fection that you catch is what kills you. Fatherlessness works the same way. If you remove a father from the home, the family doesn’t die, but it is opened up for infec-tion—which comes in the form of teenage pregnancy, crime, gang violence, drugs and alcohol and other negative impacts. So what can be done about the nationwide problem of fatherlessness? DADS is a faith-based organi-zation that addresses this problem in our Washington state. I founded this organiza-tion in the year 2000 along with my wife, Jeanett. I had spent many years of my life on the wrong side of the tracks, but when faced with the decision to leave our daughter on the steps of a hospital, I knew then that I needed to turn my life around and become a responsible father. It wasn’t easy—in fact, it was the hardest thing I had ever done. But the rewards of being a real father to my chil-dren made it the best thing I have ever done. And it made me want to help other men do the same thing. Over the last 16 years, DADS has helped over 3,000 men reunite with over 6,000 chil-dren. Our client population is predominantly minority, with 66 percent African American. The rest are Hispanic, Asian and Caucasian. Of those clients, approximately 90 percent have a history of incarceration. Of the thou-sands of men who have received services from DADS, their main motivation is the de-sire to reenter the lives of their children. With the help they get through our pro-gram, many of these men are able to regain visitation rights, pay child support, share or get custody, find and keep jobs, provide sta-ble housing, become taxpaying citizens, and even reunite with their families. As a result, their children stay in school, keep off drugs and out of gangs, avoid teenage pregnancies, graduate from high school and even go on to college. The effectiveness of our program depends on the trust that each individual develops in our staff as we help them navigate systems. For this reason, DADS does not charge for our services. We focus on building a vision for healthy fatherhood and then finding the resources that each individual needs to achieve success. Law-enforcement officers see firsthand the legacies of fatherlessness. Children from fa-therless homes often become casualties, vic-tims or offenders themselves. Then they are challenges for our school systems, social- service programs, drug and alcohol recovery services, law-enforcement agencies, legal and court systems—and ultimately our jails and prisons. With Father’s Day just around the corner, it is my hope that all of us would recommit to the goal of helping create stronger fathers and healthier communities. f 
TUESDAY’S IN TEXAS: ‘‘BIG FOOT’’ WALLACE 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the year was 1840 when one of the most faithful Tex-ans joined the Texas Rangers and began a decade’s-long service to the great state of Texas. William A.A. Wallace, more often known as ‘‘Big Foot’’ Wallace, was born in Vir-ginia in 1817. He moved to Texas in 1837 after hearing that a brother and a cousin were killed by the Mexican Army during the Texas Revolution. Not long after, he would join the Texas Rangers and spent the better part of his life defending Texas. Though there are many legends about the emergence of his nickname, Wallace con-tended that the nickname derived from an inci-dent with a Comanche. During the time he lived in Austin before he joined the Texas Rangers, a Comanche with large feet stole property in the area and was tracked by Wal-lace. When the Comanche raided the kitchen of a man in town, the man followed the Co-manche’s tracks to Wallace’s house and thus accused Wallace of the raid. But a quick think-ing Wallace pointed out that the tracks were much larger than his. It was this case of mis-taken identity that led Wallace to assume the name ‘‘Big Foot.’’ Wallace is a descendant of the Scottish leg-end William Wallace, immortalized in the film Braveheart, who led a rebellion against King Edward I of England during the Wars of Scot-tish Independence. Like his ancestor who fought courageously and for a cause he wholeheartedly believed in, ‘‘Big Foot’’ Wal-lace spent decades fighting faithfully for a cause he believed in, the defense of Texas. As a side note, Mr. Speaker, I too have a con-nection to William Wallace. My family are de-scendants of the Weems Clan (Wemyss) of Scotland. The Wemysses fought on the side of Robert Bruce and Wallace during the Scot-tish war of Independence. When the war was over and their side lost, the English crown confiscated much of their inherited land. The Weems Castle still sits on the coast of Scot-land. In 1840, Wallace joined the Texas Rangers and subsequently fought various skirmishes with Texas Indians and Mexicans. Two years later when fighting an invading Mexican Army during the Somervell and Mier expeditions, Wallace was among 150 men captured by Mexican forces. During this time in a Mexican prison 1 in 10 men was to be executed. Their fate was determined by drawing either a white or black bean from a jar. Those who drew the black bean were executed. Luckily, Wallace drew a white bean and was spared, and even-tually released. The executions would later be-come known to all those who study Texas his-tory as the ‘‘Black Bean Episode’’. His time in the Mexican prison must have furthered his resolve because he once again volunteered to serve with the Texas Rangers and during the Mexican War he served in a company of Mounted Volunteers in the United States Army. Following the Mexican War and through the Civil War, this Loyal Texan once again served with the Texas Rangers fighting to protect the Texas frontier from bandits, Indi-ans, deserters and Union soldiers. As a testament to his loyal service to Texas, Wallace was given a tract of land in Frio County, in South Texas, where he lived until his death in 1899. He was ultimately buried at the Texas State Cemetery at the feet of Ste-phen F. Austin. He has become a folk legend for those in Texas and beyond. The words at his final resting place say it all, ‘‘Here lies he who spent his manhood defending the homes of Texas. Brave, honest, and faithful.’’ And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
SERGEANT OLAN MIKE MANNING 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sergeant Olan Mike Manning, an Amer-ican patriot who exhibits the truest values of selflessness and dedication. Sergeant Mike Manning of Laurel, Mis-sissippi has devoted 40 years of service to his country in the United States Army and has led the 184th Brigade in both Iraq and Afghani-stan. His outstanding service includes retrieval missions in the heat of battle which have been recognized through his NCO leadership posi-tions. His efforts should be revered and are highly recognized with numerous medals and service awards. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.040 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE846 June 7, 2016 
Sergeant Manning has gone beyond the call of duty as a soldier and as a father. Married to Donna Manning for over 30 years, they have raised two talented sons, Trace and Madison. Sergeant Manning’s brave and resil-ient character is apparent through his sons as they have both fought personal battles against Cystic Fibrosis. As the family endured trou-bling times, Sergeant Manning did not waiver in his duty to country. In fact, his patriotism re-sounded so deeply with his sons that they en-couraged him to serve overseas while the two combated their illness. In 2008, the Manning family faced the hardest battle of all when Trace passed away. Tried and true, the Mannings are exemplary in perseverance and patriotism. Loyal to the things we value most, Sergeant Manning’s moral compass points true as he places family and nation above himself. He constantly seeks opportunities to improve life for those around him. Admired and respected by all, Sergeant Manning is the ultimate exam-ple of an American patriot. It is with great pleasure that I honor today, a decorated war hero and a noble father. I commend Sergeant Manning for his dedicated service and his selflessness that motivates ev-eryone around him. 
f 
DR. GUY SCONZO 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the fine career and outstanding public service of my friend, Dr. Guy Sconzo. Dr. Sconzo has devoted four decades to the education of our nation’s youth; beginning as a teacher and then working as an adminis-trator. He is retiring after leading Humble Inde-pendent School District for the last 15 years as Superintendent. He has devoted his life to education and bettering our community, and it is with great pleasure that I express my admi-ration and gratitude for his lifelong service. I offer him my utmost congratulations for his long and successful career. Dr. Sconzo began his career as a teacher— in his home state of New York—after grad-uating from Wagner College in 1973. He then earned his Master’s Degree at New York Uni-versity, and his doctorate at Ohio State Uni-versity. He served in many different teaching and administrative roles in New York, Ohio, New Jersey, and Oklahoma. He then made one of the best decisions of his life, he moved to the great State of Texas in 2001 as Super-intendent for Humble ISD. During his career, he has achieved numer-ous awards and recognition at the local, state and federal level for his leadership and hands- on involvement in the success of the students at Humble ISD. In 2013, he earned Super-intendent of the Year by Region 4 and last year he led Humble ISD to being named the Best Large District in Texas by H–E–B Excel-lence in Education Awards. His dedication has earned him the respect and admiration of the teachers, staff and students under his super-vision as well as the community. His intellect, eagerness, and vision will be sincerely missed by not only Humble, but the many other com-munities that he has touched. Dr. Sconzo is a dedicated family man, hav-ing been married to his wife Diane for 41 years, and the proud father of two adult chil-dren; Michael and Jennifer. Dr. Sconzo and Diane are looking forward to traveling and spending time with their four grandchildren. On behalf of the Second Congressional Dis-trict of Texas, I commend this remarkable leader for his exemplary service and dedica-tion to the State of Texas. I thank him for a job well done and I wish him the best of luck in the future as he enters into this new phase of life. f 
CLINTON THOMAS SAWYER 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize Mr. Clint Sawyer as a member of the United States Merchant Marine Academy Class of 2016. Clint will graduate from the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy on June 18, 2016, and he will be commissioned as an Ensign in the United States Navy Reserve. His career in the service has just begun, but it is a testament to Clint’s unselfish devotion to the people of this great nation. The challenges will be many and the time, although it may seem like an eternity, will fly by almost unnoticed. South Mississippi is proud of Clint and his accomplishments, and we look forward to him continuing to represent not only Mississippi, but the entire nation, as a United States Navy Reserve officer. As Clint embarks on a new chapter in life, it is my hope that he may always recall with a deep sense of pride and accomplishment graduating from a program as prestigious as the Merchant Marine Academy. I would like to send Clint my best wishes for continued success in his future endeavors, thank him for his service, and congratulate him on this momentous occasion. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 130TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE BASILICA OF ST. MICHAEL THE ARCHANGEL IN PENSACOLA, FLORIDA 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 130th anniversary of the historic Basilica of St. Michael the Archangel in Pensacola, Florida. The Catholic presence in Pensacola traces back more than 450 years ago, upon the first settlement under the command of Don Trista ´n de Luna y Arellano in 1559. Following a series of military conflicts to occupy or maintain set-tlements in Pensacola and hurricanes that devastated the Gulf Coast, under the com-mand of General Bernardo de Ga´lvez in 1781, the Spanish defeated the British and recap-tured Pensacola. It was in May of that year that Father Cyril de Barcelona blessed an old wooden two story warehouse on the water-front for a church to establish a parish of St. Michael the Archangel, and on June 6, 1886, present-day St. Michael Church in downtown Pensacola was formally dedicated by Bishop Jeremiah O’Sullivan of Mobile, Alabama. With a red brick exterior and Florida pine in-terior, the church became adorned with life- like Stations of the Cross, memorials bearing the names of pioneer Catholic families and eventually 24 breathtaking stained glass win-dows, 23 of which were recently restored, that were designed and created by world re-nowned artist Emil Frei. St. Michael Church, whose mission is to ‘‘Proclaim Christ and to Encounter Him in Word, Sacrament and Service,’’ grew to be an intrinsic treasure to the Northwest Florida community with its historical significance and architectural beauty and was elevated to minor basilica status on December 28, 2011 by his Holiness, Pope Benedict XVI. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to commemo-rate the 130th anniversary of the Basilica of St. Michael the Archangel of Pensacola and its parish’s more than 235 years of faithful service to God and to the Northwest Florida community. Vicki and I thank them for their dedication and pray for their continued suc-cess. May God grant the parishioners of St. Michael’s many more years to come and may His blessings continue to shine down on them. f 
JUSTIN PRENDERGAST 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize Mr. Justin Prendergast as a member of the United States Naval Academy Class of 2016. Justin graduated from the U.S. Naval Acad-emy with a degree in aerospace engineering and he received a commission as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps on May 27th, 2016. His career in the service has just begun, but it is a testament to Justin’s unselfish devotion to the people of this great nation. The challenges will be many and the time, although it may seem like an eternity, will fly by almost unnoticed. South Mississippi is proud of Justin and his accomplishments, and we look forward to him continuing to represent not only Mississippi, but the entire nation, as a United States Ma-rine Corps officer. As Justin embarks on a new chapter in life, it is my hope that he may always recall with a deep sense of pride and accomplishment graduating from a program as prestigious as the Naval Academy. I would like to send Justin my best wishes for continued success in his future endeavors, thank him for his service, and congratulate him on this momentous occasion. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO FRED SHEHEEN 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a legendary figure in South Carolina, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.042 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE847 June 7, 2016 
Fred Sheheen, who recently died in an auto-mobile accident. Fred, a former chair of the South Carolina Commission on Higher Edu-cation, spent his life advocating for South Carolina’s colleges and universities. He was instrumental in breaking down barriers to qual-ity education and promoting equality of oppor-tunity for African American students. Fred graduated from Duke University in the late 1950s. After graduating, he worked as a reporter for The Charlotte Observer covering civil rights events. As a founding member of the Student Non-violent Coordinating Com-mittee (SNCC), or ‘‘Snick,’’ as we became known, my fellow students and I made sure that Fred—as a young reporter—had plenty of news to cover. Fred later worked as an aide to South Caro-lina Governor and United States Senator Don-ald Russell. He served for a decade as Com-missioner and Executive Director of the South Carolina Commission on Higher Education and later taught an honors course on South Carolina State Government for the University of South Carolina. Fred also served on the ex-ecutive board of UNITED 2000, which was dedicated to bringing the Confederate battle flag down from the State House dome and out of the Senate and House Chambers. His family roots run deep in South Caro-lina’s political community and state govern-ment. Fred’s brother Austin was a long-time member of Kershaw County Council. Another brother Bob served as Speaker of the South Carolina House of Representatives, and his son Vincent, a twice Democratic nominee for Governor of South Carolina, currently serves in the South Carolina State Senate. Fred Sheheen’s nearly eight decades on earth were dedicated to the betterment of his fellow South Carolinians and building a bright-er future for their children and grandchildren. His untimely death is a tremendous loss for our state and our people, and to me person-ally. May he rest in peace. 
f 
TERESA CARMELLA MEADOWS 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize Ms. Teresa Meadows as a member of the United States Naval Academy Class of 2016. Teresa graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy with a degree in history and she re-ceived a commission as an Ensign in the United States Navy on May 27th, 2016. Her career in the service has just begun, but it is a testament to Teresa’s unselfish de-votion to the people of this great nation. The challenges will be many and the time, although it may seem like an eternity, will fly by almost unnoticed. South Mississippi is proud of Teresa and her accomplishments, and we look forward to her continuing to represent not only Mis-sissippi, but the entire nation, as a United States Navy officer. As Teresa embarks on a new chapter in life, it is my hope that she may always recall with a deep sense of pride and accomplishment graduating from a program as prestigious as the Naval Academy. I would like to send Teresa my best wishes for continued success in her future endeavors, thank her for her service, and congratulate her on this momentous occasion. f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE 2016 SERVICE ACADEMY APPOINTEES FROM THE 21ST CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today we congratulate the 2016 Service Academy ap-pointees from the 21st Congressional District of Texas. The following individuals have accepted Academy appointments: John Richard Anthis, Alamo Heights High School, Greystone Preparatory School at Schreiner University, United States Military Academy; Chandler Ray Baker, Central Catholic High School, United States Military Academy; Heidi S. Borgerding, Boerne—Sam-uel V. Champion High School, United States Air Force Academy; Tamara Jean Fumagalli, New Braunfels High School, United States Air Force Academy; Gracie Sierra Hough, Jack C. Hays High School, United States Naval Acad-emy; Mark Kittelson, Ronald Reagan High School, United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy; Steven Thomas Lamoureux, Robert G. Cole High School, United States Air Force Academy; Scott Wagner McClendon, Westlake High School, Greystone Preparatory School at Schreiner University, United States Air Force Academy and Sean J. O’Leary, Heritage School, United States Military Academy. These outstanding students have much to give to their Academy and to our country. We appreciate both their talents and their patriot-ism. f 
PAUL SOLOMON 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 7, 2016 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize Mr. Paul Solomon as a member of the United States Air Force Academy Class of 2016. Paul graduated from the U.S. Air Force Academy on June 2, 2016, and he will be commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Air Force. His career in the service has just begun, but it is a testament to Paul’s unselfish devotion to the people of this great nation. The challenges will be many and the time, although it may seem like an eternity, will fly by almost unnoticed. South Mississippi is proud of Paul and his accomplishments, and we look forward to him continuing to represent not only Mississippi, but the entire nation, as a United States Air Force officer. As Paul embarks on a new chapter in life, it is my hope that he may always recall with a deep sense of pride and accomplishment graduating from a program as prestigious as the Air Force Academy. I would like to send Paul my best wishes for continued success in his future endeavors, thank him for his service, and congratulate him on this momentous occasion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.047 E07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
D613 Tuesday, June 7, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3473–S3597 Measures Introduced: Five bills and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 3025–3029, and S.J. Res. 34.
                                                                  Pages S3539–40 
Measures Reported: S. 795, to enhance whistleblower protection for contractor and grantee employees, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–270) S. 1411, to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance pay-able to a former President, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–271) 
                                                                                            Page S3539 
Measures Passed: Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act: Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. 2487, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are ef-fective in treating women veterans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary, and the bill was then passed.
                                        Page S3597 
Use of the Capitol Grounds: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 119, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby.
                                                                              Page S3597 
Measures Considered: National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-ment: Senate continued consideration of S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                       Pages S3474–92, S3492–S3511, S3525–34 
Adopted: McCain (for Peters) Amendment No. 4138, to provide for the treatment by discharge review boards of claims asserting post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury in connection with combat or sexual trauma as a basis for review of discharge.                                                                                     Pages S3488–90 
McCain (for Baldwin) Amendment No. 4293, to require a National Academy of Sciences study on al-ternative technologies for conventional munitions de-militarization.
                                                        Page S3488–90 
McCain (for Gillibrand) Amendment No. 4112, to expand protections against wrongful discharge to sexual assault survivors.
                                    Page S3488–90 
McCain (for Schumer) Amendment No. 4177, to require a report on the replacement of the security forces and communications training facility at Frances S. Gabreski Air National Guard Base, New York.
                                                                          Page S3488–90 
McCain (for Leahy) Amendment No. 4354, to clarify that the National Guard’s mission is both Federal and non-Federal for purposes of a report on the cost of conversion of military technicians to ac-tive Guard and Reserve.
                                   Page S3488–90 
McCain (for Heitkamp) Amendment No. 4079, to ensure continued operational capability for long- range bomber missions in the event of termination of the B–21 bomber program.
                      Page S3488–90 
McCain (for Hirono) Amendment No. 4317, to fulfill the commitment of the United States to the Republic of Palau.
                                               Page S3488–90 
McCain (for Cardin/McCain) Amendment No. 4031, to impose sanctions with respect to foreign persons responsible for gross violations of inter-nationally recognized human rights.
          Page S3488–90 
McCain (for Coats) Amendment No. 4169, to re-quire a report on the discharge by warrant officers of pilot and other flight officer positions in the Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force currently dis-charged by commissioned officers.
              Page S3488–90 
McCain (for Portman/Brown) Amendment No. 4236, to require a report on priorities for bed downs, basing criteria, and special mission units for C–130J aircraft of the Air Force.
                Page S3488–90 
McCain (for Roberts) Amendment No. 4119, to prohibit reprogramming requests of the Department of Defense for funds for the transfer or release, or construction for the transfer or release, of individuals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN6.REC D07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD614 June 7, 2016 
detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba.
                                                  Page S3488–90 
McCain (for Ernst) Amendment No. 4095, to im-prove Federal program and project management. 
                                                                                      Page S3488–90 
McCain (for Murkowski) Amendment No. 4086, to authorize a lease of real property at Joint Base El-mendorf-Richardson, Alaska.
                         Page S3488–90 
McCain (for Hatch) Amendment No. 4071, to re-designate the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition as the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. 
                                                                                      Page S3488–90 
McCain (for Daines) Amendment No. 4247, to re-quire an expedited decision with respect to securing land-based missile fields.
                                 Page S3488–90 
McCain (for Sullivan) Amendment No. 4344, to authorize military-to-military exchanges with India. 
                                                                                      Page S3488–90 
By 66 yeas to 32 nays (Vote No. 90), Durbin Amendment No. 4369, to provide that certain pro-visions in this Act relating to limitations, trans-parency, and oversight regarding medical research conducted by the Department of Defense shall have no force or effect.
                                               Pages S3503–04 
By 70 yeas to 28 nays (Vote No. 91), Inhofe Amendment No. 4204, to strike the provision relat-ing to the pilot program on privatization of the De-fense Commissary System. 
                                       Pages S3491–92, S3492–S3503, S3504–11 
Pending: McCain Amendment No. 4229, to address un-funded priorities of the Armed Forces. 
                                                                      Pages S3474–92, S3492 
Reed/Mikulski Amendment No. 4549 (to Amend-ment No. 4229), to authorize parity for defense and nondefense spending pursuant to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015.
                                        Pages S3525–34 
A motion was entered to close further debate on Reed/Mikulski Amendment No. 4549 (to Amend-ment No. 4229) (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Thursday, June 9, 2016.
                                        Page S3534 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McCain Amendment No. 4229 (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of Reed/Mikulski Amendment No. 4549 (to Amendment No. 4229). 
                                                                                            Page S3534 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, June 8, 2016; and that Senate recess subject to the call of the Chair at 10:30 a.m.
                                                               Page S3597 House Messages: Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act: Senate concurred in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2576, to modernize the Toxic Substances Control Act. 
                                                                                    Pages S3511–25 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3539 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3540–44 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3544–45 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3538–39 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S3545–96 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                  Pagess S3596–97 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S3597 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—91)
                                                                   Page S3504 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:43 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, June 8, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3597.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, EDUCATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies approved for full committee consideration an original bill entitled, ‘‘Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’. BANK CAPITAL AND LIQUIDITY REGULATION Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine bank capital and liquidity regulation, after receiving testi-mony from Hal S. Scott, Harvard Law School, Cam-bridge, Massachusetts; Marvin Goodfriend, Carnegie Mellon University Tepper School of Business, Pitts-burgh, Pennsylvania; and Heidi Mandanis Schooner, The Catholic University of America Columbus School of Law, and Paul H. Kupiec, American Enter-prise Institute for Public Policy Research, both of Washington, D.C. EPA OVERSIGHT Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-committee on Superfund, Waste Management, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN6.REC D07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D615 June 7, 2016 
Regulatory Oversight concluded an oversight hearing to examine Environmental Protection Agency’s un-funded mandates on state, local, and tribal govern-ments, after receiving testimony from Mark Norris, Tennessee State Senate Majority Leader, Nashville, on behalf of the Council of State Governments; George S. Hawkins, District of Columbia Water and Sewer Authority, and Robert L. Glicksman, The George Washington University Law School, both of Washington, D.C.; Christian Y. Leinbach, Berks County, Reading, Pennsylvania, on behalf of the Na-tional Association of Counties; and John L. Berrey, Quapaw Tribe of Oklahoma, Quapaw. RUSSIAN VIOLATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine Russian violations of borders, treaties, and human rights, after receiving testimony from Victoria Nuland, Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs; Michael R. Carpenter, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense; David Satter, Hudson Institute, Washington, D.C.; and Vladimir V. Kara-Murza, Open Russia Move-ment, Russian Federation. TSA OPERATIONS AND PASSENGER SCREENING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine frustrated travelers, focusing on rethinking Transpor-tation Security Administration operations to improve passenger screening and address threats to aviation, after receiving testimony from Peter Neffenger, Ad-ministrator, Transportation Security Administration, and John Roth, Inspector General, both of the De-partment of Homeland Security; and Jennifer A. Grover, Director, Homeland Security and Justice, Government Accountability Office. DEADLY SYNTHETIC DRUGS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine deadly synthetic drugs, after re-ceiving testimony from Chuck Rosenberg, Acting Administrator, Drug Enforcement Administration, and Richard Hartunian, United States Attorney for the Northern District of New York, both of the De-partment of Justice; Michael Botticelli, Director of National Drug Control Policy; Douglas C. Throckmorton, Deputy Director, Regulatory Pro-grams, Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services; Chief Cathy L. Lanier, Metropolitan Police Department, Washington, D.C.; Joseph D. Coronato, National District Attorneys As-sociation, Toms River, New Jersey; Sullivan K. Smith, Cookeville Regional Medical Center, Cookeville, Tennessee; James N. Hall, Nova South-eastern University Center for Applied Research on Substance Use and Health Disparities, Miami, Flor-ida; and Mike Rozga, Indianola, Iowa. HOLOCAUST EXPROPRIATED ART RECOVERY ACT Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-stitution with the Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts concluded a hearing to examine S. 2763, to provide the victims of Holocaust-era persecution and their heirs a fair opportunity to recover works of art con-fiscated or misappropriated by the Nazis, after re-ceiving testimony from Ronald S. Lauder, World Jewish Restitution Organization, Monica Dugot, Christie’s, Agnes Peresztegi, Commission for Art Re-covery, and Helen Mirren, all of New York, New York; and Simon Goodman, Beverly Hills, Cali-fornia. NOMINATION Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Susan S. Gib-son, of Virginia, to be Inspector General of the Na-tional Reconnaissance Office, after the nominee testi-fied and answered questions in her own behalf. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 16 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5385–5392, 5395–5402; and 2 reso-lutions, H. Res. 766, 768, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H3501–02 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3503–04 Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: Supplemental report on H.R. 4775, to facilitate efficient State implementation of ground-level ozone standards, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–598, Part 2); H.R. 5273, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to provide for regulatory relief under the Medicare program for certain providers of services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN6.REC D07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD616 June 7, 2016 
and suppliers and increased transparency in hospital coding and enrollment data, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–604, Part 1); H.R. 5393, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–605); H.R. 5394, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Transportation, Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–606); and H. Res. 767, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4775) to facilitate efficient State imple-mentation of ground-level ozone standards, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 89) expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy; and pro-viding for the consideration of the concurrent resolu-tion (H. Con. Res. 112) expressing the sense of Con-gress opposing the President’s proposed $10 tax on every barrel of oil (H. Rept. 114–607).
         Page H3501 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Womack to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H3465 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:08 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H3466 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:10 p.m. and recon-vened at 3:45 p.m.
                                                   Page H3467 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Checkpoint Optimization and Efficiency Act of 2016: H.R. 5338, amended, to reduce passenger wait times at airports;
                                     Pages H3467–70 
Helping Hospitals Improve Patient Care Act of 2016: H.R. 5273, amended, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for regulatory re-lief under the Medicare program for certain providers of services and suppliers and increased transparency in hospital coding and enrollment data; 
                                                                                    Pages H3470–75 
Expressing support for the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Germany to reaffirm its commitment to this goal through a financial com-mitment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs: H. Con. Res. 129, amended, ex-pressing support for the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, comfort, and se-curity in their remaining years, and urging the Fed-eral Republic of Germany to reaffirm its commit-ment to this goal through a financial commitment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holocaust victims, in-cluding home care and other medically prescribed needs, by a 2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 363 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 269; 
                                                                Pages H3475–78, H3490–91 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Express-ing support for the goal of ensuring that all Holo-caust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Re-public of Germany to continue to reaffirm its com-mitment to this goal through a financial commit-ment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs.’’.
                                                                           Page H3491 
Amending title 5, United States Code, to clarify the eligibility of employees of a land management agency in a time-limited appointment to compete for a permanent appointment at any Federal agency: H.R. 4906, to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the eligibility of employees of a land management agency in a time-limited appointment to compete for a permanent appointment at any Fed-eral agency, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 363 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 270; 
                                                                Pages H3479–80, H3491–92 
Making Electronic Government Accountable by Yielding Tangible Efficiencies Act of 2016: H.R. 4904, to require the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget to issue a directive on the man-agement of software licenses, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 366 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 271;
                                                             Pages H3480–82, H3492 
Eastern Nevada Land Implementation Improve-ment Act: H.R. 1815, amended, to facilitate certain pinyon-juniper related projects in Lincoln County, Nevada, to modify the boundaries of certain wilder-ness areas in the State of Nevada, and to provide for the implementation of a conservation plan for the Virgin River, Nevada, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 360 yeas to 7 nays, Roll No. 272; 
                                                                Pages H3482–84, H3492–93 
Shiloh National Military Park Boundary Ad-justment and Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield Des-ignation Act: H.R. 87, amended, to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park lo-cated in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System;
                            Pages H3484–85 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN6.REC D07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D617 June 7, 2016 
Nevada Native Nations Land Act: H.R. 2733, amended, to require the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes; 
                                                                                    Pages H3485–86 
EEZ Transit Zone Clarification and Access Act: H.R. 3070, amended, to clarify that for purposes of all Federal laws governing marine fisheries manage-ment, the landward boundary of the exclusive eco-nomic zone between areas south of Montauk, New York, and Point Judith, Rhode Island; and 
                                                                                    Pages H3486–87 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To au-thorize the Secretary of Commerce to permit striped bass fishing in the Exclusive Economic Zone transit zone between Montauk, New York, and Point Ju-dith, Rhode Island, and for other purposes.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H3487 
Pascua Yaqui Tribe Land Conveyance Act: H.R. 2009, amended, to provide for the conveyance of cer-tain land inholdings owned by the United States to the Tucson Unified School District and to the Pascua Yaqui Tribe of Arizona.
                 Pages H3489–90 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:03 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H3490 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow, June 8.
                             Page H3493 
Commission on Evidence-Based Policymaking— Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individuals on the part of the House to the Commission on Evidence-Based Policymaking: Mr. Ron Haskins of Rockville, Mary-land, Co-Chairman; Mr. Bruce Meyer of Chicago, Il-linois, and Mr. Robert Hahn of Hillsboro Beach, Florida.
                                                                    Pages H3494–95 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Exchange Clari-fication Act: H.R. 3826, amended, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilderness in the State of Oregon. 
                                                                                    Pages H3487–89 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H3498. Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3490–91, H3491–92, H3492, and H3492–93. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:15 p.m. Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health began a markup on H.R. 3299, the ‘‘Strengthening Public Health Emergency Response Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 921, the ‘‘Sports Medicine Licensure Clarity Act of 2015’’. INTERNATIONAL ANTITRUST ENFORCEMENT: CHINA AND BEYOND Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing entitled ‘‘International Antitrust Enforce-ment: China and Beyond’’. Testimony was heard from Maureen Ohlhausen, Commissioner, Federal Trade Commission; Mark Cohen, Senior Counsel, Patent and Trademark Office; and public witnesses. OZONE STANDARDS IMPLEMENTATION ACT OF 2016; CONCURRENT RESOLUTION EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT A CARBON TAX WOULD BE DETRIMENTAL TO THE UNITED STATES ECONOMY; CONCURRENT RESOLUTION EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS OPPOSING THE PRESIDENT’S PROPOSED $10 TAX ON EVERY BARREL OF OIL Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 4775, the ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016’’; H. Con. Res. 89, expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy; and H. Con. Res. 112, expressing the sense of Congress opposing the President’s proposed $10 tax on every barrel of oil. The committee granted, by record vote of 7–4, a structured rule for H.R. 4775. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments print-ed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN6.REC D07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD618 June 7, 2016 
and an opponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The rule also grants closed rules for H. Con. Res. 89 and H. Con. Res. 112. The rule provides one hour of debate on each con-current resolution equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of each concur-rent resolution. The rule provides that each concur-rent resolution shall be considered as read and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. The rule waives all points of order against pro-visions in each concurrent resolution. Testimony was heard from Representatives Boustany, Levin, Whit-field, Castor of Florida, and Polis. VA AND ACADEMIC AFFILIATIONS: WHO BENEFITS? Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘VA and Academic Affiliations: Who Benefits?’’. Testi-mony was heard from Robert L. Jesse, M.D., Chief Academic Affiliations Officer, Department of Vet-erans Affairs; Randall Williamson, Director, Health Care Issues, Government Accountability Office; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D577) 
H.R. 2814, to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Sevierville, Tennessee, the Dannie A. Carr Veterans Outpatient Clinic. Signed on June 3, 2016. (Public Law 114–164) S. 184, to amend the Indian Child Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to require back-ground checks before foster care placements are or-dered in tribal court proceedings. Signed on June 3, 2016. (Public Law 114–165) COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 2016 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine implementation of the FAST Act, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider the nominations of Charles P. Blahous III, and Robert D. Reischauer, both of Maryland, both to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Supplementary Med-ical Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years, a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Dis-ability Insurance Trust Fund, and a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years, 9:30 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy, to hold hearings to examine U.S. sanctions policy in Sub-Saharan Africa; to be imme-diately followed by a hearing to examine the nominations of Geeta Pasi, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Chad, Anne S. Casper, of Nevada, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Burundi, and Mary Beth Leon-ard, of Massachusetts, to be Representative of the United States of America to the African Union, with the rank and status of Ambassador, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider S. 2417, to amend the Indian Health Care Improve-ment Act to allow the Indian Health Service to cover the cost of a copayment of an Indian or Alaska Native veteran receiving medical care or services from the Department of Veterans Affairs, and S. 2916, to provide that the pueblo of Santa Clara may lease for 99 years certain restricted land; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine improving interagency forest management to strengthen tribal capabilities for responding to and pre-venting wildfires, including S. 3014, to improve the management of Indian forest land, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. Committee on Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immigration and the National Interest, to hold hearings to examine the H–2B Temporary Foreign Worker Program, focusing on examining the effects on Americans’ job opportunities and wages, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: business meeting to consider S. 2992, to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Manage-ment of the Small Business Administration, S. 3009, to support entrepreneurs serving in the National Guard and Reserve, and S. 3024, to improve cyber security for small businesses, Time to be announced, Room to be an-nounced. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, markup on H.R. 3299, the ‘‘Strengthening Pub-lic Health Emergency Response Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 921, the ‘‘Sports Medicine Licensure Clarity Act of 2015’’ (continued), 2 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN6.REC D07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D619 June 7, 2016 Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, markup on the ‘‘FTC Process and Transparency Reform Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5111, the ‘‘Consumer Review Fairness Act’’; H.R. 5092, the ‘‘Reinforcing American Made Products Act’’; and H.R. 5104, the ‘‘Better Online Ticket Sales Act’’, 5 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, hearing entitled ‘‘The Enemy in Our Backyard: Examining Terror Funding Streams from South America’’, 9 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, mark-up on H.R. 5064, the ‘‘Improving Small Business Cyber Security Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5253, the ‘‘Strong Visa In-tegrity Secures America Act’’; the ‘‘Cybersecurity and In-frastructure Protection Agency Act of 2016’’; the ‘‘Sup-port for Rapid Innovation Act of 2016’’; the ‘‘Leveraging Emerging Technologies Act of 2016’’; the ‘‘Gains in Global Nuclear Detection Architecture Act’’; and the ‘‘Quadrennial Homeland Security Review Technical Cor-rection Act of 2016’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4768, the ‘‘Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 5278, the ‘‘Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act’’; and H.R. 5325, the ‘‘Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2017’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Cap-itol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Private Sector Weath-er Forecasting: Assessing Products and Technologies’’, 9:30 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Health, hearing on Member proposals to improve and sustain the Medicare program, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN6.REC D07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD620 June 7, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, June 8 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of S. 2943, National Defense Authorization Act. At 10:30 a.m., Senate will recess subject to the call of the Chair for the 11 a.m. joint meeting with His Excel-lency Narendra Modi in the Hall of the House of Rep-resentatives. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, June 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Joint Meeting with the Senate to Receive His Excellency Narendra Modi, Prime Min-ister of India. Consideration of H.R. 4775—Ozone Stand-ards Implementation Act of 2016 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of the following measure under suspension of the rules: House Amendment to S. 2276—PIPES Act of 2016. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E830 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E843 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E844 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E833 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E842 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E838 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E846 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E835, E844 Collins, Doug, Ga., E832, E833, E837 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E827 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E841 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E840 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E840 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E841 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E829, E836 Farr, Sam, Calif., E828 Foster, Bill, Ill., E837, E841 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E834 Hensarling, Jeb, Tex., E827, E829, E832 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E830, E839 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E828, E831, E833, E835, E839 Larsen, Rick, Wash., E828 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E827 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E836 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E843 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E835 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E843 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E846 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E836 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E835, E841 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E845, E846, E846, E847, E847 Paulsen, Erik, Minn., E842 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E828, E829, E832, E834, E835, E836, E838, E840, E842, E844 Poe, Ted, Tex., E845, E846 Pompeo, Mike, Kans., E837 Reichert, David G., Wash., E844 Sanford, Mark, S.C., E831 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E830 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E834, E841 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E831 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E829 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E832, E847 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E827, E832, E833, E838 Watson Coleman, Bonnie, N.J., E837 Young, David, Iowa, E833, E834, E835, E837, E838, E840, E841, E842, E843, E844 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D07JN6.REC D07JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST