Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3707 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JUNE 13, 2016 No. 93 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
EADOWS ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 13, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
ARK M
EADOWS to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair would now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Dear God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Our Nation is again tragically im-pacted by a mass shooting. May our leaders, and we all, be mindful of the sacredness of lives lost in violence, and not so define the event as to further traumatize those who suffer intimately from it. We ask Your special blessing upon the Members of this people’s House. In these days, give them wisdom that they might execute their responsibil-ities to the benefit of all Americans. Bless them, O God, and be with them and with us all this day and every day to come. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
GUANTANAMO DETAINEES WHO HAVE BEEN RELEASED KILL AMERICANS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, the front page of The Wash-ington Post last week, June 9, reported attacks on U.S. by men set free, about 12 from Guantanamo Bay. The article revealed: ‘‘The Obama administration believes that about 12 detainees released from the prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have launched attacks against U.S. or allied forces in Afghanistan, killing about a half-dozen Americans . . . In March, a senior Pentagon official made a startling admission to lawmakers when he acknowledged that former Guantanamo inmates were responsible for the deaths of Americans overseas. ‘‘But The Washington Post has learned additional details . . . while most of the incidents were directed at military personnel, the dead also in-cluded one American civilian: a female aid worker.’’ It is clear the President’s dangerous release of Guantanamo detainees puts American families at risk of murder. An extraordinary deterrent to Islamic terrorists is the ability to incarcerate them for the duration of the war they have declared against American fami-lies. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Our sympathy to this week’s victims of terrorism in Baghdad, Tel Aviv, and Orlando. f 
ORLANDO TRAGEDY (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, no words can express the pain and sadness I feel for all those affected by the horrific at-tack on a gay nightclub in Orlando. On too many occasions, the LGBT community and our country have been forced to overcome moments of pro-found loss, but on each of these occa-sions, we have emerged stronger and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.000 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3708 June 13, 2016 
more resilient. Once again, we will choose love over hate and compassion over intolerance. These are the themes of the LGBT Pride Month, and they cannot be lost in this overwhelming tragedy. This attack forces us to confront two unpleasant facts about our country: fact one, hateful rhetoric toward the LGBT people and other minority groups is still far too common; fact two, it is far too easy for dangerous people to access assault weapons. I hope we have the courage to con-front these facts and build a safer and stronger America. This is what the vic-tims and their families deserve. 
f 
SLAUGHTERED INNOCENTS (Mr. HIMES asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, sometime today or tomorrow, this House will hold a moment of silence for 50 mas-sacred Floridians who had their bodies torn apart by a madman with a mili-tary-grade weapon. Silence—that is how the leadership of the most powerful country in the world will respond to this week’s massacre of its citizens. If this Congress had a single moral fiber, we would force ourselves to get to know the slaughtered innocents. We would get to know Cory James Connell, 21 years old and a student at Valencia College, a child with dreams cut short by a madman with a military rifle and—make no mistake—cut short by this Congress’ fetish to repeatedly meet bloody tragedy with silence. Silence—that is what we offer in America that supports many of the things we could do to slow the blood-bath. Silence. Not me. Not anymore. I will no longer stand here absorbing the faux concern, contrived gravity, and tepid smugness of a House complicit in the weekly bloodshed. Sooner or later, the country will hold us accountable for inaction. But as you bow your head and think of what you say to your God, when you are asked what you did to slow the slaughter of innocence, there will be silence. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 10, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 10, 2016 at 2:44 p.m.: That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 2137. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 2212. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 812. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 1762. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 10, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I have the honor to transmit a sealed envelope received from the White House on June 10, 2016, at 3:23 p.m., and said to contain a message from the President whereby he submits a copy of a notice filed earlier with the Federal Register continuing the emer-gency with respect to Belarus. First declared in Executive Order 13405, of June 16, 2006. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk of the House. f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO THE ACTIONS AND POLICIES OF CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE GOV-ERNMENT OF BELARUS AND OTHER PERSONS TO UNDERMINE BELARUS’S DEMOCRATIC PROC-ESSES OR INSTITUTIONS—MES-SAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–141) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the actions and policies of certain mem-bers of the Government of Belarus and other persons to undermine Belarus’s democratic processes or institutions that was declared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, is to continue in effect beyond June 16, 2016. The actions and policies of certain members of the Government of Belarus and other persons to undermine Belarus’s democratic processes or insti-tutions, to commit human rights abuses related to political repression, and to engage in public corruption con-tinue to pose an unusual and extraor-dinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13405 with respect to Belarus. BARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , June 10, 2016. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 9 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1630 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) at 4 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
NETWORKING AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5312) to amend the High-Perform-ance Computing Act of 1991 to author-ize activities for support of networking and information technology research, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Modernization Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSES. 
Section 3 of the High-Performance Com-puting Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5502) is amend-ed— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘high-performance computing’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.004 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3709 June 13, 2016 
and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘expanding Federal support for research, development, and application of high-performance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘supporting Federal research, development, and application of networking and informa-tion technology’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing’’ both places it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘networking and infor-mation technology’’; (C) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D); (D) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) stimulate research on and promote more rapid development of high-end com-puting systems software and applications software;’’; (E) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) through (H) as subparagraphs (D) through (G), respectively; (F) in subparagraph (D), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘high-end’’ after ‘‘the develop-ment of’’; (G) in subparagraphs (E) and (F), as so re-designated, by striking ‘‘high-performance computing’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘networking and information tech-nology’’; and (H) in subparagraph (G), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘high-performance’’ and inserting ‘‘high-end’’; and (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘high-performance com-puting and’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology and’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘high-performance com-puting network’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 4 of the High-Performance Com-puting Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5503) is amend-ed— (1) by striking paragraphs (3) and (5); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (4), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (7), and (8), respectively; (3) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so redesignated, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(1) ‘cyber-physical systems’ means phys-ical or engineered systems whose networking and information technology functions and physical elements are deeply integrated and are actively connected to the physical world through sensors, actuators, or other means to perform monitoring and control func-tions;’’; (4) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘high-performance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information tech-nology’’; (5) by inserting after paragraph (3), as so redesignated, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) ‘high-end computing’ means the most advanced and capable computing systems, including their hardware, storage, net-working and software, encompassing both massive computational capability and large- scale data analytics;’’; (6) by inserting after paragraph (5), as so redesignated, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) ‘networking and information tech-nology’ means high-end computing, commu-nications, and information technologies, high-capacity and high-speed networks, spe-cial purpose and experimental systems, high- end computing systems software and applica-tions software, and the management of large data sets;’’; and (7) in paragraph (7), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘National High-Performance Com-puting Program’’ and inserting ‘‘Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Program’’. SEC. 4. TITLE I HEADING. 
The heading of title I of such Act (15 U.S.C. 5511 et seq.) is amended by striking ‘‘ HIGH- PERFORMANCE COMPUTING’’ and insert-ing ‘‘NETWORKING AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY’’. 
SEC. 5. NETWORKING AND INFORMATION TECH-NOLOGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT PROGRAM. 
Section 101 of the High-Performance Com-puting Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5511) is amend-ed— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
NA-
TIONAL HIGH -PERFORMANCE COMPUTING PRO -
GRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘ NETWORKING AND INFOR -
MATION TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT PROGRAM ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘N
ATIONAL HIGH-PERFORMANCE COMPUTING  P
ROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘N ETWORKING AND  I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH AND DE-
VELOPMENT ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘National High-Performance Computing Program’’ and inserting ‘‘Net-working and Information Technology Re-search and Development Program’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing, including net-working’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and in-formation technology’’; (iii) in subparagraphs (B) and (G), by strik-ing ‘‘high-performance’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘high-end’’; (iv) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing and networking’’ and inserting ‘‘high-end computing, distrib-uted, and networking’’; (v) by amending subparagraph (D) to read as follows: ‘‘(D) provide for efforts to increase soft-ware security and reliability;’’; (vi) in subparagraph (H)— (I) by inserting ‘‘support and guidance’’ after ‘‘provide’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (vii) in subparagraph (I)— (I) by striking ‘‘improving the security’’ and inserting ‘‘improving the security, reli-ability, and resilience’’; and (II) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (viii) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(J) provide for increased understanding of the scientific principles of cyber-physical systems and improve the methods available for the design, development, and operation of cyber-physical systems that are character-ized by high reliability, safety, and security; ‘‘(K) provide for research and development on human-computer interactions, visualiza-tion, and big data; ‘‘(L) provide for research and development on the enhancement of cybersecurity; and ‘‘(M) provide for a research framework to leverage cyber-physical systems, high capac-ity and high speed communication networks, and large-scale data analytics to integrate city-scale information technology and phys-ical infrastructures.’’; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) establish the goals and priorities for Federal networking and information tech-nology research, development, education, and other activities;’’; (ii) by amending subparagraph (C) to read as follows: ‘‘(C) provide for interagency coordination of Federal networking and information tech-nology research, development, education, and other activities undertaken pursuant to the Program;’’; (iii) by amending subparagraph (E) to read as follows: ‘‘(E) encourage and monitor the efforts of the agencies participating in the Program to allocate the level of resources and manage-ment attention necessary to ensure that the strategic plan under subsection (e) is devel-oped and executed effectively and that the objectives of the Program are met; and’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘high- performance’’ and inserting ‘‘high-end’’; (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (E), (F), (G), and (J), respectively; (ii) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(B) provide, as appropriate, a list of the senior steering groups and strategic plans that are planned or underway as addressed under section 104; ‘‘(C) provide a description of workshops and other activities conducted under section 104, including participants and findings; ‘‘(D) provide a detailed description of the nature and scope of research infrastructure designated as such under the Program;’’; (iii) in subparagraph (E), as so redesig-nated— (I) by redesignating clauses (vii) through (xi) as clauses (viii) through (xii), respec-tively; and (II) by inserting after clause (vi) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vii) the Department of Homeland Secu-rity;’’; (iv) in subparagraph (F), as so redesig-nated— (I) by striking ‘‘is submitted,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘is submitted, the levels for the previous fiscal year,’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘each Program Component Area;’’ and inserting ‘‘each Program Compo-nent Area and research area supported in ac-cordance with section 103;’’; (v) by amending subparagraph (G), as so re-designated, to read as follows: ‘‘(G) describe the levels of Federal funding for each agency and department partici-pating in the Program, and for each Program Component Area, for the fiscal year during which such report is submitted, the levels for the previous fiscal year, and the levels pro-posed for the fiscal year with respect to which the budget submission applies;’’; and (vi) by inserting after subparagraph (G), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(H) include a description of how the objec-tives for each Program Component Area, and the objectives for activities that involve multiple Program Component Areas, relate to the objectives of the Program identified in the strategic plan required under sub-section (e); ‘‘(I) include— ‘‘(i) a description of the funding required by the National Coordination Office to per-form the functions specified under section 102(b) for the current fiscal year; ‘‘(ii) a description of the estimated funding required by such Office to perform the func-tions specified under section 102(b) for the next fiscal year; and ‘‘(iii) the amount of funding provided for such Office for the current fiscal year by each agency participating in the Program; and’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘high-performance com-puting’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’; and (ii) after the first sentence, by inserting the following: ‘‘Each chair of the advisory committee shall meet the qualifications of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.006 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3710 June 13, 2016 
committee membership and may be a mem-ber of the President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.’’; (B) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing, networking tech-nology, and related software’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘2’’ and inserting ‘‘3’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Committee on Science and Technology’’ and inserting ‘‘Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘The first report shall be due within 1 year after the date of enact-ment of the America COMPETES Act.’’; (4) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘high-performance computing’’ and insert-ing ‘‘networking and information tech-nology’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(d) P
ERIODIC REVIEWS .—The agencies iden-tified in subsection (a)(3)(B) shall— ‘‘(1) periodically assess and update, as ap-propriate, the contents, scope, and funding levels of the Program Component Areas and work through the National Science and Technology Council and with the assistance of the National Coordination Office described under section 102 to restructure the Program when warranted, taking into consideration any relevant recommendations of the advi-sory committee established under subsection (b); and ‘‘(2) working through the National Science and Technology Council and with the assist-ance of the National Coordination Office de-scribed under section 102, ensure that the Program includes large-scale, long-term, interdisciplinary research and development activities, including activities described in section 103. ‘‘(e) S
TRATEGIC PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The agencies identified in subsection (a)(3)(B), working through the National Science and Technology Council and with the assistance of the National Co-ordination Office described under section 102, shall develop, within 12 months after the date of enactment of the Networking and In-formation Technology Research and Devel-opment Modernization Act of 2016, and up-date every five years thereafter, a five-year strategic plan for the Program. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The strategic plan shall specify near-term and long-term cross-cut-ting objectives for the Program, the antici-pated time frame for achieving the near- term objectives, the metrics to be used for assessing progress toward the objectives, and how the Program will— ‘‘(A) address long-term challenges of na-tional importance for which solutions re-quire large-scale, long-term, interdiscipli-nary research and development; ‘‘(B) encourage and support mechanisms for interdisciplinary research and develop-ment in networking and information tech-nology and for Grand Challenges, including through collaborations across agencies, across Program Component Areas, with in-dustry, with Federal laboratories (as defined in section 4 of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3703)), and with international organizations; ‘‘(C) foster the transfer of research and de-velopment results into new technologies and applications in the national interest, includ-ing through cooperation and collaborations with networking and information technology research, development, and technology tran-sition initiatives supported by the States; ‘‘(D) provide for cyberinfrastructure needs, as appropriate, across federally funded large- scale research facilities that produce or will produce large amounts of data that will need to be stored, curated, and made publicly available; ‘‘(E) strengthen all levels of networking and information technology education and training programs to ensure an adequate, well-trained workforce; and ‘‘(F) attract individuals identified in sec-tions 33 and 34 of the Science and Engineer-ing Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a and 1885b) to networking and information technology fields. ‘‘(3) RECOMMENDATIONS .—The entities in-volved in developing the strategic plan under paragraph (1) shall take into consideration the recommendations— ‘‘(A) of the advisory committee established under subsection (b); ‘‘(B) of the Committee on Science and rel-evant subcommittees of the National Science and Technology Council; and ‘‘(C) of the stakeholders whose input was solicited by the National Coordination Of-fice, as required under section 102(b)(3). ‘‘(4) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Director of the National Coordination Office shall trans-mit the strategic plan required under para-graph (1) to the advisory committee, the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate.’’. 
SEC. 6. NATIONAL COORDINATION OFFICE. 
Section 102 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 5512) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 102. NATIONAL COORDINATION OFFICE. 
‘‘(a) O FFICE .—The Director shall maintain a National Coordination Office with a Direc-tor and full-time staff. ‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS .—The National Coordina-tion Office shall— ‘‘(1) provide technical and administrative support to— ‘‘(A) the agencies participating in planning and implementing the Program, including such support as needed in the development of the strategic plan under section 101(e); and ‘‘(B) the advisory committee established under section 101(b), as appropriate; ‘‘(2) serve as the primary point of contact on Federal networking and information tech-nology activities for government organiza-tions, academia, industry, professional soci-eties, State computing and networking tech-nology programs, interested citizen groups, and others to exchange technical and pro-grammatic information; ‘‘(3) solicit input and recommendations from a wide range of stakeholders during the development of each strategic plan required under section 101(e) and the scope of the Pro-gram Component Areas through the con-vening of at least one workshop with invitees from academia, industry, Federal laboratories, and other relevant organiza-tions and institutions; ‘‘(4) conduct and increase outreach, includ-ing to academia, industry, other relevant or-ganizations and institutions, and the public, in order to increase awareness of the Pro-gram and the benefits of the Program and to increase potential opportunities for collabo-ration between agencies participating in the Program and the private sector; and ‘‘(5) promote access to and early applica-tion of the technologies, innovations, and ex-pertise derived from Program activities to agency missions and systems across the Fed-eral Government and to United States indus-try. ‘‘(c) S
OURCE OF FUNDING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The operation of the Na-tional Coordination Office shall be supported by funds from each agency participating in the Program, subject to the availability of appropriations for such purpose. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFICATIONS .—The portion of the total budget of such Office that is authorized to be provided by each agency for each fiscal year shall be in the same proportion as each such agency’s share of the total budget for the Program for the previous fiscal year, as specified in the report required under section 101(a)(3). ‘‘(3) WAIVER .—As appropriate, the Director may consider and approve a reduction or waiver of an agency contribution require-ment under paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 7. NEXT GENERATION INTERNET. 
Section 103 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 5513) is repealed. 
SEC. 8. GRAND CHALLENGES IN AREAS OF NA-TIONAL IMPORTANCE. 
Title I of such Act (15 U.S.C. 5511 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 103. GRAND CHALLENGES IN AREAS OF NA-TIONAL IMPORTANCE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Program shall en-courage agencies identified in section 101(a)(3)(E) to support large-scale, long-term, interdisciplinary research and development activities in networking and information technology directed toward agency mission areas that have the potential for significant contributions to national economic competi-tiveness and for other significant societal benefits. Such activities, ranging from basic research to the demonstration of technical solutions, shall be designed to advance the development of fundamental discoveries. The advisory committee established under sec-tion 101(b) shall make recommendations to the Program for candidate research and de-velopment areas for support under this sec-tion. ‘‘(b) C
HARACTERISTICS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Research and develop-ment activities under this section shall— ‘‘(A) include projects selected on the basis of applications for support through a com-petitive, merit-based process; ‘‘(B) involve collaborations among re-searchers in institutions of higher education and industry, and may involve nonprofit re-search institutions and Federal laboratories, as appropriate; ‘‘(C) leverage Federal investments through collaboration with related State and private sector initiatives; and ‘‘(D) include a plan for fostering the trans-fer of research discoveries and the results of technology demonstration activities, includ-ing from institutions of higher education and Federal laboratories, to industry for com-mercial development. ‘‘(2) C
OST-SHARING .—In selecting applica-tions for support, the agencies may give spe-cial consideration to projects that include cost sharing from non-Federal sources. ‘‘(3) A
GENCY COLLABORATION .—If two or more agencies identified in section 101(a)(3)(E), or other appropriate agencies, are working on large-scale networking and information technology research and devel-opment activities in the same area of na-tional importance, then such agencies shall strive to collaborate through joint solicita-tion and selection of applications for support and subsequent funding of projects. ‘‘(4) I
NTERDISCIPLINARY RESEARCH CEN -
TERS .—Research and development activities under this section may be supported through interdisciplinary research centers that are organized to investigate basic research ques-tions and carry out technology demonstra-tion activities in areas described in sub-section (a). Research may be carried out through existing interdisciplinary centers.’’. 
SEC. 9. WORKSHOPS AND SENIOR STEERING GROUPS. 
Title I of such Act (15 U.S.C. 5511 et seq.) is amended further by adding after section 103, as added by section 8 of this Act, the fol-lowing new section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.006 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3711 June 13, 2016 
‘‘SEC. 104. ADDRESSING EMERGING ISSUES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to address emerging issues, the Director of the National Coordination Office may conduct workshops and other activities on research areas of emerging importance, which may include the grand challenge areas identified under sec-tion 103, with participants from institutions of higher education, Federal laboratories, and industry, in order to help guide Program investments and strategic planning in those areas, including areas identified in sub-section (b). ‘‘(b) F
OCUS AREAS .—In selecting research areas under subsection (a), the Director of the National Coordination Office shall con-sider the following topics: ‘‘(1) Data analytics to identify the current and future state of performing inference, pre-diction, and other forms of analysis of data, and methods for the collection, manage-ment, preservation, and use of data. ‘‘(2) The current and future state of the science, engineering, policy, and social un-derstanding of privacy protection. ‘‘(3) The current and future state of funda-mental research on the systems and science of the interplay of people and computing as well as the coordination and support being undertaken in areas such as social com-puting, human-robot interaction, privacy, and health-related aspects in human-com-puter systems. ‘‘(c) F
UNCTIONS .—The participants in the workshops shall, as appropriate— ‘‘(1) develop options for models for research and development partnerships among insti-tutions of higher education, Federal labora-tories, and industry, including mechanisms for the support of research and development carried out under these partnerships; ‘‘(2) develop options for research and devel-opment for the specific issue areas that would be addressed through such partner-ships; ‘‘(3) propose guidelines for assigning intel-lectual property rights and for the transfer of research results to the private sector; and ‘‘(4) make recommendations for how Fed-eral agencies participating in the Program can help support research and development partnerships for the specific issue areas. ‘‘(d) P
ARTICIPANTS .—The Director of the National Coordination Office shall ensure that the participants in the workshops— ‘‘(1) are individuals with knowledge and ex-pertise in the specific issue areas; and ‘‘(2) represent a broad mix of relevant stakeholders, including academic and indus-try researchers and, as appropriate, Federal agencies. ‘‘(e) S
ENIOR STEERING GROUPS AND STRA-
TEGIC PLANS .—As appropriate, the Director of the National Coordination Office shall es-tablish senior steering groups and develop fo-cused strategic plans to coordinate and guide activities under the research areas identified under this section, taking into consideration the findings and recommendations from any workshops carried out on those research top-ics.’’. 
SEC. 10. NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION AC-TIVITIES. 
Section 201 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 5521) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘high-end’’ after ‘‘National Science Foundation shall provide’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘high-performance com-puting’’ and all that follows through ‘‘net-working;’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and in-formation technology; and’’; (B) by striking paragraphs (2) through (4); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(2) the National Science Foundation shall use its existing programs, in collaboration with other agencies, as appropriate, to im-prove the teaching and learning of net-working and information technology at all levels of education and to increase participa-tion in networking and information tech-nology fields, including by individuals iden-tified in sections 33 and 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a and 1885b).’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b). SEC. 11. NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION ACTIVITIES. 
Section 202 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 5522) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b); (2) by striking ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘high-performance com-puting’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and in-formation technology’’. 
SEC. 12. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY ACTIVITIES. 
Section 203 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 5523) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b); (2) by striking ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—’’; (3) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘high-per-formance computing and networking’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information tech-nology’’; and (4) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘high- performance’’ and inserting ‘‘high-end’’. 
SEC. 13. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE ACTIVI-TIES. 
Section 204 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 5524) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing systems and net-works’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and infor-mation technology systems and capabili-ties’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘inter-operability of high-performance computing systems in networks and for common user interfaces to systems’’ and inserting ‘‘inter-operability and usability of networking and information technology systems’’; and (C) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘net-working and information technology’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘H
IGH-PER-
FORMANCE COMPUTING AND NETWORK ’’ and in- serting ‘‘N
ETWORKING AND INFORMATION  T
ECHNOLOGY ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Pursuant to the Computer Security Act of 1987 (Public Law 100–235; 101 Stat. 1724), the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘sensitive’’; and (3) by striking subsections (c) and (d). 
SEC. 14. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY ACTIVITIES. 
Section 205 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 5525) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b); (2) by striking ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—’’; (3) by striking ‘‘basic and applied’’; (4) by striking ‘‘computational’’ and in-serting ‘‘networking and information tech-nology’’; and (5) by inserting ‘‘All software and code, along with any subsequent updates to the software and code, developed by the Environ-mental Protection Agency under the Pro-gram and used in conducting scientific re-search shall be made publically available. In cases where the underlying software or code is proprietary or contains confidential busi-ness information, the Agency shall disclose only the name and vendor of the software and code used for all proprietary or confiden-tial business information portions of the software or code. The Environmental Protec-tion Agency shall ensure that the research conducted under the Program does not dupli-cate the scope or aims of similar research and initiatives at other Federal agencies. No Environmental Protection Agency funds shall be used towards research that dupli-cates the scope or aims of similar research and initiatives at other Federal agencies.’’ after ‘‘dynamics models.’’. SEC. 15. ROLE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF EDU-CATION. 
Section 206 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 5526) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b); (2) by striking ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘to conduct basic’’ and all that follows through ‘‘software capabilities’’ and inserting ‘‘to support programs and ac-tivities to improve the teaching and learning of networking and information technology fields and contribute to the development of a skilled networking and information tech-nology workforce’’. 
SEC. 16. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 
Section 207(b) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 5527(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘high-per-formance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘net-working and information technology’’. 
SEC. 17. REPEAL. 
Section 208 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 5528) is repealed. 
SEC. 18. ADDITIONAL REPEAL. 
Section 4 of the Department of Energy High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 (15 U.S.C. 5543) is repealed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. L
AHOOD) and the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 5312, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5312, the Networking and Infor-mation Technology Research and De-velopment Modernization Act of 2016. First off, I would like to thank Chair-man L
AMAR SMITH for his hard work in bringing this bill through the House Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee, and my colleague, Ranking Member E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , for her leadership in introducing this bi-partisan legislation with me. The Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Program, also known as the NITRD Program, is the primary Federal re-search and development investment portfolio in unclassified networking, computing, software, cybersecurity, and related information technologies. In my district, the NITRD Program supports Federal investment in re-search at universities like Western Illi-nois University in Macomb, Illinois, and the Blue Waters supercomputer at the University of Illinois in Urbana, Il-linois. NITRD also supports public-pri-vate partnerships between high-per-formance supercomputing and private 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.006 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3712 June 13, 2016 
corporations like, Caterpillar Corpora-tion, based in Peoria, Illinois. Information technology is all around us in our day-to-day lives—on our smartphones, in our cars, and in our homes. It improves our way of life, even in ways that are not always visi-ble or apparent. As technology rapidly advances, the need for research and de-velopment continues to evolve. The NITRD Program works to prevent du-plicative and overlapping efforts in this space, thereby enabling more effi-cient use of government resources and taxpayer dollars, while also supporting new and innovative research and devel-opment efforts at our Nation’s univer-sities and through public-private part-nerships. This bill implements several impor-tant policies to help lead the way for future technological innovations and modernize the NITRD Program. Spe-cifically, the bill improves the program in the following ways: First, it establishes a strategic plan-ning and review process for the NITRD investment portfolio, with clear metrics and objectives. Second, it works to improve inter-agency as well as government and pri-vate sector coordination and commu-nication. Third, it focuses the NITRD invest-ment portfolio on areas of national in-terest and increasing importance like data analytics, privacy protection, and human-computer systems. These changes to current law will re-duce bureaucracy and ensure that hardworking Americans’ taxpayer dol-lars are being used efficiently and ef-fectively. Important to note, this legislation authorizes no new spending. Smart investments in information technology research and development are crucial for our Nation. Work in re-lated areas bolsters economic competi-tiveness and creates new industries and businesses; it helps ensure future na-tional security, including cybersecu-rity; and creates the good-paying jobs we need for today and tomorrow. As such, I urge my colleagues to sup-port this important piece of legislation to modernize NITRD and streamline Federal research and development in-vestment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of H.R. 5312, the Networking and Information Tech-nology Research and Development Modernization Act of 2016. The bill before us modernizes the original High-Performance Computing Act of 1991. In the 25 years that have passed since that bill established the framework for Federal investment in computing research, networking and information technologies, NIT, has transformed how we communicate with each other, how we get around, how we bank, and how we shop. NIT has helped provide teachers and students in diverse communities across our Nation access to resources and learning opportunities that were pre-viously out of reach. NIT has transformed every industry sector, increasing efficiency and pro-ductivity, while creating higher skilled, better paying jobs. NIT made possible the decoding of the human ge-nome and has led to myriad improve-ments in medical diagnostics and treatments. Over these past 25 years, networking and information technologies have cre-ated opportunities across all aspects of our lives that were previously unimagi-nable. With those opportunities, NIT has also created new challenges for in-dividual and collective safety and secu-rity and for our privacy. Our critical infrastructure, our banks, our commercial enterprises, and our own personal wallets and identities are vulnerable to criminals and state actors alike. Our privacy is being com-promised daily, whether we are public figures or private citizens. We cannot go back to a world before NIT, nor should we. However, while in-vesting in advancements in NIT and its many applications, we must also invest in protecting our security and privacy. The Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Program, or NITRD, which grew out of the original 1991 High-Performance Computing Act, does just that. The interagency NITRD Program supports a full range of research and develop-ment that provides the foundation of scientific understanding and acceler-ates the development of advanced in-formation technologies, while strengthening cybersecurity and pri-vacy. The program also advances NIT to accelerate discovery in many other areas of science and engineering, from astronomy to biomedical research. The legislation we are considering today, the Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Modernization Act, continues to strengthen the management, coordina-tion, and oversight of the NITRD Pro-gram. It helps ensure that Federal in-vestments in NIT R&D remain at the cutting edge and continuously evolve to include important emerging areas of NIT. In addition, it encourages large- scale interdisciplinary and cross-agen-cy collaborations in ‘‘grand challenge’’ areas of R&D. Finally, the bill encour-ages strong collaboration and coordina-tion with industry and other stake-holders. Over time, there have been some amendments to the 1991 Act. H.R. 5312, represents the committee’s fourth at-tempt in as many Congresses to enact a comprehensive modernization of the 25-year-old law. For the first time since our first ef-fort in 2009, the Senate has proposed draft language of its own. I am hopeful that we can get a NITRD moderniza-tion bill to the President’s desk before year’s end. Given the profound implica-tions for our economic and national se-curity, NIT is not an area of science and technology for which the U.S. can afford to cede leadership. I want to thank Representative L
AHOOD, Chairman S MITH, and com-mittee staff for an open, collaborative, and good process which has led to a very good bill. I am pleased to be a co-sponsor of the bill, and I urge my col-leagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD) for taking the initiative on this innova-tion bill. And I am also pleased that the ranking member, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON), is a cosponsor of H.R. 5312, the Networking and Information Tech-nology Research and Development Modernization Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, in this digital age, ad-vancing and protecting our Nation’s computing and networking systems is more important than ever. This legisla-tion ensures that Federal science agen-cies focus on networking and informa-tion technology priorities that are in the national interest, and it provides the coordinating R&D efforts necessary to improve cyber and data security na-tionwide. Better network security pro-motes U.S. competitiveness, enhances national security, and creates high- tech jobs. The NITRD Modernization bill is an update to the High-Performance Com-puting Act of 1991. The authorized pro-gram represents the Federal Govern-ment’s main R&D portfolio for unclas-sified advanced networking, com-puting, software, cybersecurity, and re-lated information technologies. Currently, 21 Federal agencies are contributing members of NITRD, with many additional agencies participating in the program. This bill serves as the mechanism for interagency coordina-tion of R&D to produce a tighter focus without wasteful duplication of re-search efforts among Federal agencies or the private sector. This will help save taxpayers’ dollars. It also rebal-ances agency R&D portfolios to focus less on short-term, incremental ap-proaches and much more on large- scale, long-term interdisciplinary re-search to transform and enable new computing capabilities. Federal agencies are expected to in-vest more than $4.4 billion in fiscal year 2017 on NITRD Program activi-ties. These investments go toward basic research at the frontiers of high- end computing, networking, and infor-mation technology. More than $1.1 bil-lion of this is invested by the National Science Foundation and $720 million by the Department of Energy. This taxpayer-funded basic research is intended to keep the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.009 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3713 June 13, 2016 
the global leader in high-end com-puting and networking, which is cru-cial to our future economic and na-tional security. The bill does this by updating and reforming the underlying High-Performance Computing statute to reflect the current mature state of our vibrant computing industry. It also codifies the NITRD National Coordina-tion Office, housed within the National Science Foundation, to oversee the participating agencies. The NITRD Program has eight stra-tegic priorities for its enabling re-search: cybersecurity, autonomous robotic systems, high-end computing and applications, exascale computing, human-computer interaction, large- scale networking, workforce develop-ment, and software design. Technologies that develop from these research priorities are used by the commercial sector and the government to protect and enhance emergency communications, the power grid, air traffic control systems, our national energy resources, scientific discovery, human exploration, new product devel-opment, and national defense systems. Advanced networking and informa-tion technology supports and boosts American discovery and innovation, improves our international competi-tiveness, expands the U.S. economy, and, of course, creates millions of jobs. Mr. Speaker, American job creators also recognize the importance of net-working and information technology research and development. b1645 Many industry partners and stake-holders have written letters in support of this bill. They include the Com-puting Research Association, the Com-puting Technology Industry Associa-tion, the Information Technology In-dustry Council, and the Texas A&M University System. As shown by hearings that the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology has held this Congress, in-cluding the most recent on the FDIC, cyber breaches are becoming all too commonplace. This legislation encour-ages agencies to increase under-standing of ways to detect, prevent, and recover from actions that com-promise or threaten computer-based systems. I again thank our Science, Space, and Technology Committee colleague, Rep-resentative L
AHOOD, for his efforts on this issue, and I also commend Major-ity Leader McCarthy for his vision in establishing a focused innovation ini-tiative in the House of which this legis-lation is a part. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 5312. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I urge a positive vote on the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ). Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding his time. Mr. Speaker, I chair the Oversight Subcommittee on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and my subcommittee has held numerous hear-ings on the ever-evolving threat of cyber intrusions. I also owned and operated an infor-mation technology company for more than 20 years, so I know firsthand the importance of safeguarding sensitive information and private customer data. Regrettably, as we have seen through many unfortunate examples, the Amer-ican people have good reason to ques-tion whether their private information is being properly secured. That is why I am pleased to support H.R. 5312, the Networking and Informa-tion Technology Research and Develop-ment Modernization Act of 2016. This legislation ensures that Federal science agencies focus on networking and information technology priorities that are in the national interest, and also provides the coordinated research and development efforts necessary to improve cyber and data security na-tionwide. The bill also encourages agencies to increase understanding of ways to de-tect, prevent, and recover from actions that threaten computer systems. This legislation will help stimulate innova-tion in the technology sector and will enable our Nation to better understand and secure its systems for the future. I thank my Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee colleague (Mr. LAHOOD) for his work on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS), my colleague and friend from Illinois. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and col-league, Mr. L
AHOOD, Chairman S MITH, and Ranking Member E
DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON . This is a piece of legislation that may not get a lot of publicity, but it is essential to our research capabilities and supercomputing capabilities for our future right here in this country. The United States of America needs to continue to lead in this arena. Who would have thought that while they were writing the High Perform-ance Computing Act of 1991, it would have to be amended because of innova-tion that we have seen at many of our universities throughout this great country. I am obviously in support of H.R. 5312 because it is going to streamline Fed-eral investment in high-end computing, benefiting local entities in Illinois that use advanced technologies, such as the University of Illinois in my district, Caterpillar, and Western Illinois Uni-versity that is served so well by Con-gressman L
AHOOD. This legislation ensures that the Uni-versity of Illinois, the home to nation-ally recognized scientists and the Blue Waters Supercomputer, can continue to be the leader that they are in the fields of networking and computing. The National Center for Supercom-puting Applications at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign is funded by many Federal agencies and has an impressive history of providing integrated cyber infrastructure to sci-entists, engineers, and scholars across the country. Addressing complex problems in to-day’s science and society requires ex-pertise and engagement from multiple disciplines. NCSA is committed to con-tinuing to serve as a central hub for transdisciplinary teams to unite in making technological advancements. These important research programs are critical for coordinating Federal re-search and fostering revolutionary breakthroughs in computing, net-working, software, and cybersecurity. By streamlining the NITRD Pro-gram, we can ensure U.S. competitive-ness in advanced technologies while improving collaboration between Fed-eral agencies, national laboratories, private industry, and academia. Mr. Speaker, this bill is an effective use of taxpayer dollars. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the letters of support mentioned by Chairman S
MITH, includ-ing the letter from the University of Il-linois. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for H.R. 5312. I yield back the balance of my time. 
UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS , Champaign, IL, June 13, 2016. Hon. D
ARIN LAHOOD, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE LAHOOD: The Uni- versity of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (Ur-bana) is pleased to endorse H.R. 5312, the Networking and Information Technology Re-search and Development (NITRD) Moderniza-tion Act of 2016. The NITRD program plays a critical role in coordinating federal investments in Informa-tion Technology (IT) research and develop-ment to better enable and equip research communities in addressing complex grand challenges in science, engineering, and soci-ety. Coordination and integration is increas-ingly important in the IT ecosystem. This is particularly true for high performance com-puting (HPC) and Big Data. At Urbana, the National Center for Supercomputing Appli-cations (NCSA) serves as a world-class hub of transdisciplinary research and digital schol-arship in which collaborators from across the globe unite to solve real-world problems. NCSA leads the two single largest National Science Foundation (NSF) investments in high-end computing and data analysis—the NSF Blue Waters supercomputer, the most powerful supercomputer in the academic world, and the NSF Extreme Science and En-gineering Discovery Environment (XSEDE) project, which provides collaborative and shared computing services to the HPC com-munity. These two computing projects sup-port thousands of researchers from across the nation whose research is funded sepa-rately by numerous federal agencies. By pro-viding unique science capabilities, these fa-cilities are catalyzing significant discov-eries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.010 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3714 June 13, 2016 
In this highly competitive world, we ap-plaud your efforts to lead this legislation to maintain U.S. leadership in research and in-novation. Sincerely, B
ARBARA J. W ILSON , Interim Chancellor. 
OFFICE OF THE CHANCELLOR , T
HETEXAS A&M U NIVERSITY SYSTEM , College Station, TX, June 8, 2016. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH: Thank you for your leadership in advancing the bipartisan Net-working and Information Technology Re-search and Development (NITRD) Moderniza-tion Act of 2016. As our nation and its citi-zens become increasingly connected through information technology, the need to reau-thorize this critical program is evident. We especially applaud the Committee for updating the program to focus on large- scale, long-term transformative inter-disciplinary research. We face growing chal-lenges that are complex and interrelated— from cybersecurity threats to human inter-faces with information technology—that re-quire new approaches to research and devel-opment. To this end, we are also pleased to see an increased focus in this legislation on Grand Challenges and cyber security needs. As a leader in cybersecurity and informa-tion technology research and education, Texas A&M University is proud to partner with industry and Federal agencies to pro-vide solutions to some of our nation’s most vexing issues. The National Security Agency (NSA) and the Department of Homeland Se-curity (DHS) designated Texas A&M Univer-sity as a National Center of Academic Excel-lence, both in education and in research. This well-regarded designation places Texas A&M among a select group of only 30 univer-sities that have earned both distinctions. Further the Texas A&M Engineering Exten-sion Service (TEEX) provides a wide variety of online cybersecurity training for commu-nity leaders and businesses from cyberlaw and white collar crime to ethics to risk man-agement and network vulnerability assess-ment. Given the rapidly expanding workforce needs in this area, Texas A&M prides itself on preparing students and professionals to keep our nation competitive. We are grateful for your leadership of the Science Committee and the work that you have put into this legislation. We look for-ward to continuing our work with you in the coming months and years. Sincerely, J
OHNSHARP , Chancellor. 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  I
NDUSTRY COUNCIL , Washington, DC, June 10, 2016. Re H.R. 5312, the Networking and Informa-tion Technology Research and Develop-ment Modernization Act of 2016 Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representa-tives,Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : On behalf of the 60 members of the Informa-tion Technology Industry Council (ITI), I write to express our support for H.R. 5312, the Networking and Information Technology Research and Development (NITRD) Mod-ernization Act of 2016. The NITRD Program ensures the proper coordination of unclassified networking and information technology (NIT) research and development (R&D) across multiple federal agencies. More specifically, the Program aims to avoid investment redundancies, as well as increase interoperability in super-computing, high-speed networking, cyberse-curity, software engineering, and informa-tion management. However, since its incep-tion in 1991, there have been unprecedented technological advances that are not cur-rently addressed in the Program’s overall structure. H.R. 5312 comprehensively mod-ernizes the Program by updating essential terminology throughout the underlying law; addressing new areas of NIT research; and encouraging large-scale, long-term, inter-agency research in critical areas such as data analytics, social computing, human- robot interaction, privacy, and health tech-nology. The Program plays a key role in sup-porting continuous federal research in var-ious aspects related to computing, including cybersecurity. Promoting greater federal R&D in cybersecurity is essential for secur-ing our country’s digital infrastructure. Con-sequently, we urge you to support the NITRD Modernization Act when it comes to the floor for a vote. Sincerely, DEANC. G ARFIELD , President and CEO. 
COMPUTING RESEARCH ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, May 23 2016. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, House Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , Ranking Member, House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, Washington. DC. C
HAIRMAN SMITH, RANKING MEMBER JOHN-
SON: As an organization representing over 240 industry and academic institutions involved in computing research and six affiliated pro-fessional societies, the Computing Research Association is pleased to support your efforts to bolster Federal information technology research through the Networking and Infor-mation Technology Research and Develop-ment Modernization Act of 2016. As you are aware, advances in information technology are transforming all aspects of our lives. Virtually every human endeavor today has been touched by information tech-nology, including commerce, education. em-ployment, health care, energy, manufac-turing, governance, national security, com-munications, the environment, entertain-ment, science and engineering. The profound reach of IT is enabled in large part by the in-novations that spawn from the IT research ecosystem—that incredibly productive, yet complex interplay of industry, universities and the Federal government. Indeed, nearly every sub-sector of the IT economy today bears the stamp of Federal support. The pro-gram responsible for overseeing this crucial investment is the Networking and Informa-tion Technology Research and Development (NITRD) program. We believe this Act makes the NITRD pro-gram stronger by improving the planning and coordination of the National Coordina-tion Office for NITRD, requiring that the NCO and the NITRD agencies create a five- year strategic plan for the program, and re-quiring the periodic review and assessment of the program contents and funding. All have been recommendations of the Presi-dent’s Council of Advisors for Science and Technology in their recent reviews of the program. We thank you for your work on this legis-lation and for your long-standing support of the Federal investment in IT research. We look forward to working with you and your colleagues as you endeavor to move the leg-islation forward this session. Sincerely, S
USAN B. D AVIDSON , Chair, Board of Directors. COMPTIA, Washington, DC, June 13, 2016. C
HRIS SHANK , Policy and Coalitions Director, House Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee, Washington, DC. C
HRIS: Thank you for providing CompTIA the opportunity to lend our support to the Networking and Information Technology Re-search and Development (NITRD) Moderniza-tion Act of 2016 (H.R. 5312). As stated on the NITRD website, ‘‘the multiagency NITRD Program seeks to pro-vide the research and development (R&D) foundations for assuring continued U.S. technological leadership and meeting the needs of the Federal Government for ad-vanced information technologies.’’ CompTIA strongly supports the Act as it assures that NITRD continues to receive the funding nec-essary to help drive innovation through the scientific community. CompTIA also sup-ports the development of a national coordi-nation office to ensure improved commu-nication within the NITRD ecosystem. Fi-nally, CompTIA supports the focus on Grand Challenges that correlates with the NITRD portfolio. Best Regards, D
AVID LOGSDON , Senior Director, Public Advocacy. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5312, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
FOIA IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 337) to improve the Freedom of In-formation Act. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 337 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘FOIA Im-provement Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS TO FOIA. 
Section 552 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘for public inspection and copying’’ and inserting ‘‘for public inspec-tion in an electronic format’’; (ii) by striking subparagraph (D) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(D) copies of all records, regardless of form or format— ‘‘(i) that have been released to any person under paragraph (3); and ‘‘(ii)(I) that because of the nature of their subject matter, the agency determines have become or are likely to become the subject 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.010 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3715 June 13, 2016 
of subsequent requests for substantially the same records; or ‘‘(II) that have been requested 3 or more times; and’’; and (iii) in the undesignated matter following subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘public inspec-tion and copying current’’ and inserting ‘‘public inspection in an electronic format current’’; (B) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking clause (viii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(viii)(I) Except as provided in subclause (II), an agency shall not assess any search fees (or in the case of a requester described under clause (ii)(II) of this subparagraph, du-plication fees) under this subparagraph if the agency has failed to comply with any time limit under paragraph (6). ‘‘(II)(aa) If an agency has determined that unusual circumstances apply (as the term is defined in paragraph (6)(B)) and the agency provided a timely written notice to the re-quester in accordance with paragraph (6)(B), a failure described in subclause (I) is excused for an additional 10 days. If the agency fails to comply with the extended time limit, the agency may not assess any search fees (or in the case of a requester described under clause (ii)(II) of this subparagraph, duplica-tion fees). ‘‘(bb) If an agency has determined that un-usual circumstances apply and more than 5,000 pages are necessary to respond to the request, an agency may charge search fees (or in the case of a requester described under clause (ii)(II) of this subparagraph, duplica-tion fees) if the agency has provided a timely written notice to the requester in accordance with paragraph (6)(B) and the agency has dis-cussed with the requester via written mail, electronic mail, or telephone (or made not less than 3 good-faith attempts to do so) how the requester could effectively limit the scope of the request in accordance with para-graph (6)(B)(ii). ‘‘(cc) If a court has determined that excep-tional circumstances exist (as that term is defined in paragraph (6)(C)), a failure de-scribed in subclause (I) shall be excused for the length of time provided by the court order.’’; (C) in paragraph (6)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘making such request’’ and all that follows through ‘‘determination; and’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘making such request of— ‘‘(I) such determination and the reasons therefor; ‘‘(II) the right of such person to seek as-sistance from the FOIA Public Liaison of the agency; and ‘‘(III) in the case of an adverse determina-tion— ‘‘(aa) the right of such person to appeal to the head of the agency, within a period de-termined by the head of the agency that is not less than 90 days after the date of such adverse determination; and ‘‘(bb) the right of such person to seek dis-pute resolution services from the FOIA Pub-lic Liaison of the agency or the Office of Government Information Services; and’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘the agency.’’ and inserting ‘‘the agency, and notify the requester of the right of the requester to seek dispute resolution services from the Office of Government Information Services.’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8)(A) An agency shall— ‘‘(i) withhold information under this sec-tion only if— ‘‘(I) the agency reasonably foresees that disclosure would harm an interest protected by an exemption described in subsection (b); or ‘‘(II) disclosure is prohibited by law; and ‘‘(ii)(I) consider whether partial disclosure of information is possible whenever the agen-cy determines that a full disclosure of a re-quested record is not possible; and ‘‘(II) take reasonable steps necessary to segregate and release nonexempt informa-tion; and ‘‘(B) Nothing in this paragraph requires disclosure of information that is otherwise prohibited from disclosure by law, or other-wise exempted from disclosure under sub-section (b)(3).’’; (2) in subsection (b), by amending para-graph (5) to read as follows: ‘‘(5) inter-agency or intra-agency memo-randums or letters that would not be avail-able by law to a party other than an agency in litigation with the agency, provided that the deliberative process privilege shall not apply to records created 25 years or more be-fore the date on which the records were re-quested;’’; and (3) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and to the Director of the Office of Government Information Services’’ after ‘‘United States’’; (ii) in subparagraph (N), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (O), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(P) the number of times the agency de-nied a request for records under subsection (c); and ‘‘(Q) the number of records that were made available for public inspection in an elec-tronic format under subsection (a)(2).’’; (B) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) Each agency shall make each such re-port available for public inspection in an electronic format. In addition, each agency shall make the raw statistical data used in each report available in a timely manner for public inspection in an electronic format, which shall be made available— ‘‘(A) without charge, license, or registra-tion requirement; ‘‘(B) in an aggregated, searchable format; and ‘‘(C) in a format that may be downloaded in bulk.’’; (C) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘Government Reform and Oversight’’ and inserting ‘‘Oversight and Government Reform’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘Homeland Security and’’ before ‘‘Governmental Affairs’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘April’’ and inserting ‘‘March’’; and (D) by striking paragraph (6) and inserting the following: ‘‘(6)(A) The Attorney General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Presi-dent a report on or before March 1 of each calendar year, which shall include for the prior calendar year— ‘‘(i) a listing of the number of cases arising under this section; ‘‘(ii) a listing of— ‘‘(I) each subsection, and any exemption, if applicable, involved in each case arising under this section; ‘‘(II) the disposition of each case arising under this section; and ‘‘(III) the cost, fees, and penalties assessed under subparagraphs (E), (F), and (G) of sub-section (a)(4); and ‘‘(iii) a description of the efforts under-taken by the Department of Justice to en-courage agency compliance with this sec-tion. ‘‘(B) The Attorney General of the United States shall make— ‘‘(i) each report submitted under subpara-graph (A) available for public inspection in an electronic format; and ‘‘(ii) the raw statistical data used in each report submitted under subparagraph (A) available for public inspection in an elec-tronic format, which shall be made avail-able— ‘‘(I) without charge, license, or registra-tion requirement; ‘‘(II) in an aggregated, searchable format; and ‘‘(III) in a format that may be downloaded in bulk.’’; (4) in subsection (g), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘publicly available upon request’’ and inserting ‘‘avail-able for public inspection in an electronic format’’; (5) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The head of the Office shall be the Director of the Office of Government Information Services.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-graph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) identify procedures and methods for improving compliance under this section.’’; (C) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) The Office of Government Information Services shall offer mediation services to re-solve disputes between persons making re-quests under this section and administrative agencies as a nonexclusive alternative to litigation and may issue advisory opinions at the discretion of the Office or upon request of any party to a dispute.’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4)(A) Not less frequently than annually, the Director of the Office of Government In-formation Services shall submit to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the President— ‘‘(i) a report on the findings of the informa-tion reviewed and identified under paragraph (2); ‘‘(ii) a summary of the activities of the Of-fice of Government Information Services under paragraph (3), including— ‘‘(I) any advisory opinions issued; and ‘‘(II) the number of times each agency en-gaged in dispute resolution with the assist-ance of the Office of Government Informa-tion Services or the FOIA Public Liaison; and ‘‘(iii) legislative and regulatory rec-ommendations, if any, to improve the admin-istration of this section. ‘‘(B) The Director of the Office of Govern-ment Information Services shall make each report submitted under subparagraph (A) available for public inspection in an elec-tronic format. ‘‘(C) The Director of the Office of Govern-ment Information Services shall not be re-quired to obtain the prior approval, com-ment, or review of any officer or agency of the United States, including the Department of Justice, the Archivist of the United States, or the Office of Management and Budget before submitting to Congress, or any committee or subcommittee thereof, any reports, recommendations, testimony, or comments, if such submissions include a statement indicating that the views ex-pressed therein are those of the Director and do not necessarily represent the views of the President. ‘‘(5) The Director of the Office of Govern-ment Information Services may directly sub-mit additional information to Congress and the President as the Director determines to be appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.007 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3716 June 13, 2016 
‘‘(6) Not less frequently than annually, the Office of Government Information Services shall conduct a meeting that is open to the public on the review and reports by the Of-fice and shall allow interested persons to ap-pear and present oral or written statements at the meeting.’’; (6) by striking subsections (j) and (k), and inserting the following: ‘‘(j)(1) Each agency shall designate a Chief FOIA Officer who shall be a senior official of such agency (at the Assistant Secretary or equivalent level). ‘‘(2) The Chief FOIA Officer of each agency shall, subject to the authority of the head of the agency— ‘‘(A) have agency-wide responsibility for efficient and appropriate compliance with this section; ‘‘(B) monitor implementation of this sec-tion throughout the agency and keep the head of the agency, the chief legal officer of the agency, and the Attorney General appro-priately informed of the agency’s perform-ance in implementing this section; ‘‘(C) recommend to the head of the agency such adjustments to agency practices, poli-cies, personnel, and funding as may be nec-essary to improve its implementation of this section; ‘‘(D) review and report to the Attorney General, through the head of the agency, at such times and in such formats as the Attor-ney General may direct, on the agency’s per-formance in implementing this section; ‘‘(E) facilitate public understanding of the purposes of the statutory exemptions of this section by including concise descriptions of the exemptions in both the agency’s hand-book issued under subsection (g), and the agency’s annual report on this section, and by providing an overview, where appropriate, of certain general categories of agency records to which those exemptions apply; ‘‘(F) offer training to agency staff regard-ing their responsibilities under this section; ‘‘(G) serve as the primary agency liaison with the Office of Government Information Services and the Office of Information Pol-icy; and ‘‘(H) designate 1 or more FOIA Public Liai-sons. ‘‘(3) The Chief FOIA Officer of each agency shall review, not less frequently than annu-ally, all aspects of the administration of this section by the agency to ensure compliance with the requirements of this section, in-cluding— ‘‘(A) agency regulations; ‘‘(B) disclosure of records required under paragraphs (2) and (8) of subsection (a); ‘‘(C) assessment of fees and determination of eligibility for fee waivers; ‘‘(D) the timely processing of requests for information under this section; ‘‘(E) the use of exemptions under sub-section (b); and ‘‘(F) dispute resolution services with the assistance of the Office of Government Infor-mation Services or the FOIA Public Liaison. ‘‘(k)(1) There is established in the execu-tive branch the Chief FOIA Officers Council (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Coun-cil’). ‘‘(2) The Council shall be comprised of the following members: ‘‘(A) The Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(B) The Director of the Office of Informa-tion Policy at the Department of Justice. ‘‘(C) The Director of the Office of Govern-ment Information Services. ‘‘(D) The Chief FOIA Officer of each agen-cy. ‘‘(E) Any other officer or employee of the United States as designated by the Co- Chairs. ‘‘(3) The Director of the Office of Informa-tion Policy at the Department of Justice and the Director of the Office of Government In-formation Services shall be the Co-Chairs of the Council. ‘‘(4) The Administrator of General Services shall provide administrative and other sup-port for the Council. ‘‘(5)(A) The duties of the Council shall in-clude the following: ‘‘(i) Develop recommendations for increas-ing compliance and efficiency under this sec-tion. ‘‘(ii) Disseminate information about agen-cy experiences, ideas, best practices, and in-novative approaches related to this section. ‘‘(iii) Identify, develop, and coordinate ini-tiatives to increase transparency and com-pliance with this section. ‘‘(iv) Promote the development and use of common performance measures for agency compliance with this section. ‘‘(B) In performing the duties described in subparagraph (A), the Council shall consult on a regular basis with members of the pub-lic who make requests under this section. ‘‘(6)(A) The Council shall meet regularly and such meetings shall be open to the pub-lic unless the Council determines to close the meeting for reasons of national security or to discuss information exempt under sub-section (b). ‘‘(B) Not less frequently than annually, the Council shall hold a meeting that shall be open to the public and permit interested per-sons to appear and present oral and written statements to the Council. ‘‘(C) Not later than 10 business days before a meeting of the Council, notice of such meeting shall be published in the Federal Register. ‘‘(D) Except as provided in subsection (b), the records, reports, transcripts, minutes, appendices, working papers, drafts, studies, agenda, or other documents that were made available to or prepared for or by the Council shall be made publicly available. ‘‘(E) Detailed minutes of each meeting of the Council shall be kept and shall contain a record of the persons present, a complete and accurate description of matters discussed and conclusions reached, and copies of all re-ports received, issued, or approved by the Council. The minutes shall be redacted as necessary and made publicly available.’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(m)(1) The Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget, in consultation with the Attorney General, shall ensure the oper-ation of a consolidated online request portal that allows a member of the public to submit a request for records under subsection (a) to any agency from a single website. The portal may include any additional tools the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget finds will improve the implementation of this section. ‘‘(2) This subsection shall not be construed to alter the power of any other agency to create or maintain an independent online portal for the submission of a request for records under this section. The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall establish standards for interoperability be-tween the portal required under paragraph (1) and other request processing software used by agencies subject to this section.’’. 
SEC. 3. REVIEW AND ISSUANCE OF REGULA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the head of each agency (as defined in section 551 of title 5, United States Code) shall review the regulations of such agency and shall issue regulations on procedures for the dis-closure of records under section 552 of title 5, United States Code, in accordance with the amendments made by section 2. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The regulations of each agency shall include procedures for en-gaging in dispute resolution through the FOIA Public Liaison and the Office of Gov-ernment Information Services. SEC. 4. PROACTIVE DISCLOSURE THROUGH RECORDS MANAGEMENT. 
Section 3102 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) procedures for identifying records of general interest or use to the public that are appropriate for public disclosure, and for posting such records in a publicly accessible electronic format;’’. 
SEC. 5. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act or the amendments made by this Act. The require-ments of this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized or appro-priated. 
SEC. 6. APPLICABILITY. 
This Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall take effect on the date of en-actment of this Act and shall apply to any request for records under section 552 of title 5, United States Code, made after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 337, the FOIA Improvement Act of 2016. We stand here today 3 weeks shy of the FOIA’s 50th anniversary to strengthen the law that established the public’s right to know. Enacted in 1966, FOIA was the prod-uct of more than a decade of work on government secrecy by a predecessor committee to the current Oversight and Government Reform Committee. At the time, FOIA was only the third public information law in the world. It was by far the most far-reaching. FOIA established a right to information, which is commonly known as the public’s right to know. S. 337 reaffirms the public’s right to know and puts in place several reforms to stop agencies from slowly eroding the effectiveness of using FOIA to exer-cise that right. This bill is a bipartisan effort to im-prove the public’s access to informa-tion and transparency in the Federal Government. I would like to thank Senators C
OR-
NYN, GRASSLEY , and L EAHY for their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.007 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3717 June 13, 2016 
hard work that they put into writing and passing this bill. I would also like to thank Representative D
ARRELL ISSA and Ranking Member E
LIJAH CUMMINGS  for their work on the House bill, H.R. 653, which passed in January. Through all of our combined efforts, I believe that this is the best bill we can send to the President’s desk. I have no doubt that the reforms contained in this bill will significantly improve the American public’s ability to exercise their right to access information. The most important reform is the presumption of openness. Now, while some—but far from all—Federal agen-cies have made an effort to comply with the letter of the law, very few have complied with the spirit of the law. The presumption of openness puts that spirit into the letter of the law. Before claiming an exemption, agen-cies must first determine whether they could reasonably foresee an actual harm. FOIA includes exemptions because publicly releasing information can sometimes cause more harm than good. But from the beginning, agencies have taken advantage of these exemptions to withhold any information that might technically fit. Under the pre-sumption of openness, agencies may no longer withhold information that is embarrassing or could possibly paint the agency in a negative light simply because an exemption may technically apply. This will go a long way toward getting rid of the withhold-it-because- you-want-to exemption. S. 337 establishes reforms that will bring attention, leadership, and com-mitment to improvement to all Fed-eral agencies. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity is a great example of how atten-tion, leadership, and a commitment to improvement can be more valuable, at times, than additional dollars. From 2009 to 2015, requests sent to DHS near-ly tripled. DHS requests accounted for about 40 percent of all the requests governmentwide. As the requests in-creased, so did the backlog. And in 2014, that backlog at DHS exceeded more than 100,000 requests. However, the agency made a commitment to im-prove its efficiency and reduce its backlog. In 2015, that backlog was down by two-thirds, to about 35,000. Costs over-all went up, but that is expected when requests nearly triple in just 6 years. What is not expected is that the cost per request was cut by 58 percent. In 2009, DHS averaged $255 per request processed, and in 2015, the costs had dropped to $148 per request processed. S. 337 establishes reforms that will ensure all agencies have the attention and the leadership necessary to im-prove the FOIA process. The bill estab-lishes a Chief FOIA Officers Council, which is directed to develop initiatives to increase transparency and compli-ance with FOIA and make rec-ommendations for increased effi-ciencies and share best practices. The bill establishes greater independ-ence of the Office of Government Infor-mation Services, which will allow OGIS to give unbiased, unfiltered testi-mony and recommendations. S. 337 creates an incentive for agen-cies to comply with the law by pre-venting agencies from collecting fees for any request for up to 5,000 pages if that request is not completed within the statutory time limits. Out-of-date regulations have been re-peatedly used as an excuse to withhold information, delay requests, or other-wise to obstruct the process. S. 337 gets rid of this excuse by requiring agencies to update their regulations so that they are operating under the current law. S. 337 also simplifies the process of submitting requests by establishing an online central portal that will allow a member of the public to submit a re-quest to an agency at a single Web site rather than forcing the public to navi-gate each agency’s different process and Web site. These reforms and others packaged in the FOIA Improvement Act will go a long way to improving transparency and bringing agency leadership atten-tion to improving the public’s ability to exercise their right to know. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to join me in supporting this giant step forward to improve FOIA and the public’s access to information. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1700 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the FOIA Improvement Act of 2016, also known as the public’s right to know or Transparency in Government Act. It is fitting that we pass this bill to strengthen the Freedom of Information Act just a few weeks before the 50th anniversary of this important law. The National Archives and Records Admin-istration currently has on display the original Freedom of Information Act in celebration of the anniversary on July 4. It is inspiring to think that 50 years have passed and that document is still the most important tool that the pub-lic has to access information about their government. When FOIA was passed in 1966, it was only the third freedom of information law in the entire world, and it was by far the most powerful. Now countries all over the world have transparency laws that are modeled on our Nation’s FOIA law. We are here today in the on-going quest to improve FOIA and to keep it current with changes in tech-nology. I want to thank Congressmen I
SSA and C
UMMINGS for introducing the House version of the bill and Senators L
EAHY and C ORNYN for taking the lead in the Senate. This bill is the result of many voices providing feedback and helpful cri-tiques. That is the way a good law is made. Advocacy groups such as OpenTheGovernment.org and the Sun-shine in Government Initiative have been critical to the success of this leg-islation. The FOIA Improvement Act is a bi-cameral, bipartisan bill. With its pas-sage today, it will now go on to the President for his signature. The bill would codify the presump-tion of openness standard that Presi-dent Obama put in place on his first day in office. Under this standard, agencies will be required to err on the side of transparency when responding to requests. The bill would also put a 25-year sun-set on exemption 5 of FOIA, the delib-erative process exemption. It would modernize FOIA by requiring the Office of Management and Budget to create a central FOIA Web site for requesters to submit their request, making it more efficient and accessible to the public. This bill would strengthen the inde-pendence and the role of the Office of Government Information Services. OGIS has served a critical role since it was formed in response to the last FOIA reform Congress adopted in 2007. I would like to take a moment to thank the hardworking Federal em-ployees who serve as FOIA officers. They are dedicated professionals who care about making FOIA work. It is critical that Congress provide the funds necessary for agencies to have strong FOIA programs with expe-rienced and trained FOIA professionals. It is not reasonable for us to ask agen-cies to do more if we do not give them the resources to do it. The FOIA Improvement Act would require each agency to designate a chief FOIA officer. The chief FOIA offi-cer would have responsibility for ensur-ing that FOIA is implemented effi-ciently and appropriately in the agen-cy. I hope this addition to FOIA will help elevate the importance of FOIA in agencies that have not always given it the attention it deserves. Thank you to the many FOIA profes-sionals who have provided feedback on the bill over the past 3 years. Thank you also to the FOIA requesters who provided feedback, requesters such as Nate Jones from the National Security Archive and David McCraw from The New York Times. They all provided useful suggestions for reform. I understand that some proposals did not make it into the final bill, but they did shape the debate and will help us as we look forward to future reforms. A Los Angeles Times editorial said: ‘‘worthy of not only Obama’s signa-ture, but also his vocal support.’’ A New York Times editorial said: ‘‘This is a rare chance to log a signifi-cant bipartisan accomplishment in the public interest.’’ Enactment of this legislation will be an important step forward for trans-parency. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.013 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3718 June 13, 2016 
New York (Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY ) for her support on this bill. I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. I
SSA), who has spent a considerable amount of time not only on the House version, but really helping shape the debate on making sure that the public interests of America is protected. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, this has been a long time coming, and there is a lot of thanks to go around. Certainly for Senator C
ORNYN and Senator L EAHY , this is going to be a proud week with the passage of this bill in the House and, ultimately, it going to the Presi-dent. I don’t believe this would have been possible without the partnership that E
LIJAH CUMMINGS and I formed some years ago. The House has led in not just one, but in two Congresses, send-ing to the Senate very tough language dramatically improving what we see as the flaws in FOIA that have developed. Congresswoman M
ALONEY , very rightfully so, said there are a lot of things that the interest groups and Congressman C
UMMINGS and myself and, perhaps, everyone else who will vote on it here today would like to have seen. I don’t want to belabor the point, but when this bill becomes law and is signed by the President, there will be enough left for a new bill to start again. Having said that, we celebrate today the fact that we have made some mile-stones. Codifying in law the presump-tion of openness and, once and for all, ending the deliberative process’ unlim-ited length and reducing it to 25 years long, long after a President has left of-fice, is a good start. I want to note that, in the original House bill—one area that I was par-ticularly pleased that Mr. C
UMMINGS  and I were able to come to an agree-ment on—if an agency unreasonably delays, there should be a result. If someone has to sue, whether it is The New York Times or an interest group, and, ultimately, the government is un-reasonable and is withholding, reason-able fees should be recovered. That isn’t in the bill. I hope that it will be in future legislation. The fact is that this bill includes some very important points, not the least of which will be making more public and accessible the repeated re-quest for various parts of FOIA, and, of course, reducing the delays and the time lag. Having said that, through the estab-lishment of a board and the recognition that only through diligence and closing the quality circle that occurs can we come back to this body and say more needs to be done and name it. But today is a day for celebration. I want to thank Mr. C
UMMINGS one more time, Chairman C
HAFFETZ , the Mem-bers of the House and the Senate, urge the passage of the bill, and recognize that this is, in fact, a 50-year-old law. It has stood the test of time. It has proven to be an asset for the American people and for their right to know. We will build on this. Lastly, and Congresswoman MALONEY  named it, there were countless outside transparency groups that spanned from the farthest left of our country’s poli-tics to the farthest right of our poli-tics, all of whom wanted more open ac-cess to their government. Today, we are achieving it. We still will have a government that knows far more about us than we know about our govern-ment; but today, we are opening the possibility that, in a timely fashion, more often more people who have a vested interest in knowing something that the government has done or is doing will have the ability to get that information. I thank Congressman M
EADOWS for making this bill possible today. His leadership has been critical, and his friendship has been critical all along the way. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ), who has led many of the discussions in this body on criminal justice reform and reform in so many ways, including this bill that he helped author with former Chairman I
SSA. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I want to thank Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. C
HAFFETZ and, certainly, Speaker R
YANfor getting this bill to the floor. I associate myself completely with the words of the former chairman of our Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Mr. I
SSA. I don’t think there has been anyone who has worked harder on getting this bill to the floor than Mr. I
SSA. Without a doubt, his fin-gerprints are all over it. I really do, from the depths of my heart, thank him for all that he has done to make this happen. The FOIA Improvement Act is a product of a 3-year journey—that is a long time—that began when Represent-ative I
SSAand I first introduced the basis for the bill in 2013. Mr. I
SSA worked with me on the House version of this bill, and Senators L
EAHY and C
ORNYN took the lead in the Senate. Again, I want to thank the chairman of the Oversight and Government Re-form Committee, J
ASON CHAFFETZ , for his work on FOIA reform and for his support bringing the bill to the floor. He has proposed some additional initia-tives that did not make it into this version of the bill but that deserve con-tinued attention. Even in our negotiations, I give it to Chairman C
HAFFETZ . You know, a lot of times when you are trying to work things out and get things done between the House and the Senate, there has to be some compromise. There are a lot of good things that he wanted in the bill that I strongly supported, but we were not able to get them in. For example, one of his provisions would have required every agency to accept FOIA requests by email. This is a simple improvement that every agen-cy should adopt, and I look forward to working with Chairman CHAFFETZ in the years ahead on such commonsense reforms. I would like to recognize a few of the staff for both Representatives I
SSAand C
HAFFETZ who deserve recognition, strong recognition, for the work they put into this legislation over the last few years: Tegan Gelfand, Ali Ahmad, and Katy Rother. I want to thank them for all of the work that they have done in making this happen. In addition, advocacy groups, as Mr. I
SSA mentioned, such as OpenTheGovernment.org and Sunshine in Government Initiative, as well as ex-perts such as Anne Weismann at Cam-paign for Accountability, have been critical to the success of this legisla-tion. Finally, I would like to take time to thank our Speaker. His office has been extremely helpful, and he also deserves credit for bringing this bill to the floor today. It simply would not have been possible without his leadership. The FOIA Improvement Act is a truly bicameral, bipartisan bill. With its passage today, it will now go on to the President for his signature. It builds on the work of the Obama ad-ministration, which has done more to advance transparency than any admin-istration in history. b1715 The bill would codify the presump-tion of openness standard that Presi-dent Obama put in place on his first day in office. The bill would also put a 25-year sun-set on exemption No. 5 of FOIA—the deliberative process exemption. It would modernize FOIA by requir-ing the Office of Management and Budget to create a central portal to allow FOIA requests to any agency through a single Web site. The Office of Government Informa-tion Services, which is the FOIA om-budsman that was created by Congress in 2007, would become more inde-pendent under this bill and would be al-lowed to submit testimony and reports directly to Congress without going through political review. Finally, FOIA officers could share best practices through a Chief FOIA Of-ficers Council that would be estab-lished under the bill. These are just some of the examples of the many improvements to FOIA that are contained in this legislation. The FOIA Improvement Act is a big step forward in transparency, and I urge my colleagues to support this leg-islation and ‘‘fix FOIA by 50.’’ Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. C
UMMINGS ) for his insightful, well-thought-out words on behalf of this bill. Indeed, Mr. I
SSAand Mr. C UM-
MINGS have been a moving force and, really, one of the primary forces as to why we are here today; so I just want to acknowledge that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.014 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3719 June 13, 2016 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I join my voice with Ranking Mem-ber C
UMMINGS ’ in being associated with the words from my friend and colleague from the great State of North Carolina in support of this important legislation and to also compliment not only E
LI-
JAH CUMMINGS for his leadership, but former Chairman I
SSAfor making this a priority and for helping to move it to the floor and make it happen. This is a good, bipartisan bill. It was worked on diligently by both sides in both the House and the Senate. It is an important step forward for trans-parency. It is a strengthened bill. It de-serves the support of everyone on both sides of the aisle, and I urge my col-leagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I acknowledge the, really, unbeliev-able work of the staff. Many times, as you well know, Mr. Speaker, we will get up and work very hard, but it is the countless hours on behalf of our staff that really allows us to move legisla-tion forward; so I wouldn’t want this day to go by without acknowledging their support and work. Also, I acknowledge the leadership of Chairman C
HAFFETZ in his being able to not only navigate this bill before and, hopefully, to the President’s desk for signing, but certainly in his leader-ship on transparency and in making sure that the government of the people is accountable to the people. I urge the adoption of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
IGELL ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 337. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
OVERSEE VISA INTEGRITY WITH STAKEHOLDER ADVISORIES ACT Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3636) to amend the Immigration and Nation-ality Act to allow labor organizations and management organizations to re-ceive the results of visa petitions about which such organizations have sub-mitted advisory opinions, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3636 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Oversee Visa Integrity with Stakeholder Advisories Act’’ or the ‘‘O–VISA Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ALLOWING CERTAIN ORGANIZATIONS TO RECEIVE THE RESULTS OF VISA PE-TITIONS. 
Section 214(c)(3) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(c)(3)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Home-land Security’’; and (2) in the first sentence of the matter following subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘and (iv)’’ and inserting ‘‘(iv)’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘, and (v) upon making the decision, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall provide a copy of the decision to each organization with which the Secretary con-sulted under subparagraph (A) or (B).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. M
IMI W
ALTERS ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legisla-tive days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on H.R. 3636, cur-rently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? There was no objection. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank Mr. N
ADLER and all of the other cosponsors in their helping to ad-vance H.R. 3636, the Oversee Visa In-tegrity with Stakeholder Advisories Act, otherwise referred to as the O- VISA Act, for a floor vote. Congress established the O visa pro-gram to allow non-immigrants with ex-traordinary abilities to be employed in the sciences, arts, education, business, or athletics. In recognition of the unique nature of the motion picture and television industry, Congress es-tablished special evidentiary criteria for O–1 and O–2 visas for artists who are working in the industry. One re-quirement mandates that the USCIS consult with the appropriate labor and management organizations for each visa petition. The reason for this is very simple in that those organizations are best suited to evaluate whether a visa applicant has demonstrated ex-traordinary achievement—the standard for O–1 and O–2 visa petitioners in this industry. These consulting organizations dedi-cate substantial resources to advise the USCIS on the merits of visa petitions. They are essential to identifying fraud as well as to protecting U.S. workers who are capable of filling those jobs. Unfortunately, these organizations are never notified as to the USCIS’ final petition decisions. The consulting or-ganizations should be notified of these decisions so that they may better as-sist the USCIS in determining fraud and in properly implementing the O visa standards. There have been serious indications of fraud in O–1 and O–2 visa petitions, including the outright forgery of advi-sory opinions, shell production compa-nies, and sponsoring employers who are without any connection to the motion picture and television industry. These concerns led Chairman GOODLATTE and Ranking Member C
ONYERS to send a letter to the USCIS in 2014, which stat-ed: 
It seems that, at the very least, USCIS should be notifying these organizations when it approves petitions over their objections. However, we are told that such organizations are rarely, if ever, notified regarding the outcome of petitions to which they object. Ensuring transparency in the adjudication process for any visa program is essential to a secure and effective immigration policy, and, therefore, we are concerned about the reported potential fraud in O–1 and O–2 visa petitions. 
It is important to note that there are no indications of abuse by the major studios, such as members of the MPAA. In fact, it is my understanding that the labor and management consulting or-ganizations concur with the vast ma-jority of O visa petitions that are sub-mitted by the major studios. The O-VISA Act, which Mr. N
ADLER  and I have put forth, is a narrow provi-sion that injects transparency into this visa petition process. It amends the Immigration and Nationality Act to re-quire the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity to provide a copy of the USCIS visa petition decision to the consulting organization that was required to pro-vide the advisory opinion for that spe-cific petition. Essentially, the organi-zation will be copied on the agency de-cision. Congress wisely recognized that the opinions of these private stake-holders deserve proper consideration due to their unique expertise in the in-dustry. Congress should further utilize that expertise by authorizing the USCIS to copy these organizations be-cause this will assist in identifying fraud and in protecting American jobs. I was pleased to receive the recent re-port from the nonpartisan Congres-sional Budget Office that H.R. 3636 will have no significant cost to the tax-payer. In fact, any associated costs will be recouped from fees that are col-lected by the Department of Homeland Security in the visa application proc-ess. Simply put, H.R. 3636 is a model of commonsense, bipartisan legislation that utilizes private sector expertise to improve our governance. I will take this opportunity to note that there are other issues regarding O visas that must be addressed. In par-ticular, there are serious concerns that the USCIS’ decisionmaking process moves far too slowly. This lack of effi-ciency means that film and television face considerable delays and unneces-sary costs. I am committed to working with the committee and the industry to address these issues in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.016 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3720 June 13, 2016 
I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 3636, the O-VISA Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to support the O-VISA Act, which is a narrow, but important, bill. I thank my Judiciary Committee col-leagues—the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
AD-
LER)—for their bipartisan effort in in-troducing this legislation, which will bring needed transparency to the O visa petition process. For individuals who seek an O visa specifically to work on a motion pic-ture or a television production, the law requires that an individual have a dem-onstrated record of extraordinary achievement, which must be recognized in the field through extensive docu-mentation. In recognizing the need to balance the demand for a global exchange of creative professionals with the need to prevent the displacement of American workers, current law requires that O visa petitioners provide a written advi-sory opinion from an appropriate labor organization regarding the bene-ficiary’s qualifications. For example, when petitioning for a foreign director, a petitioner must seek an opinion from the Directors Guild of America. As experts in their fields, these labor organizations are in a great position to appraise a beneficiary’s qualifications. This process is intended to ensure that only the most extraordinary and ac-complished individuals are granted an O visa. The O-VISA Act requires that the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services provide a copy of the agency decision to the labor union that is con-sulted as part of the petition when one seeks work in a motion picture or on television. By doing this, the bill will help ensure that the union consulta-tion is a meaningful part of the agency adjudication, as required under current law; and it will bring transparency for employers, workers, and the organiza-tions that represent them, which is al-ways a good thing. I do believe, as the gentlewoman has indicated, we could do more in this area. For example, we should be pro-viding for the portability of O–1 visa holders and others so they can move between jobs. Portability not only helps employers in the industry, but it also ensures that foreign workers aren’t trapped in positions or are used to undercut the wages of U.S. workers. I hope that we can continue the bipar-tisan effort that produced this legisla-tion to make further improvements to the O visa program. As indicated during the consideration of the bill in the Judiciary Committee, the language contained in this bill has been coupled with provisions that also make important changes to the O visa program that were included in the Sen-ate’s comprehensive immigration re-form from the last Congress, which died here on the House side. That bill provided for portability; it removed redundancies; and it better aligned these programs with others that in-volved honorarium or appearance fees. I know that we are not doing an entire rewrite of the immigration laws at this juncture, but I am hopeful that we will continue to work on these further im-provements as this chairman has indi-cated he would be interested in. Finally, I would be remiss if I didn’t say what we all know too well, which is that we have enormous problems in our immigration system. I hope that we can work together on real, substantial fixes on behalf of not just the movie in-dustry—as important as that industry is—but for families, refugees, and em-ployers in a range of industries, includ-ing agriculture and the high-skilled sector. Over the years, I have worked with friends on the other side of the aisle on immigration reforms, big and small, and I continue to stand ready to do so in the future. I thank the Speaker, the bill’s au-thors, and the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ). I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I thank the gentlewoman from California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3636, the Oversee Visa Integrity with Stakeholder Advisories Act, also known as the O-VISA Act. I support this bipartisan legislation because it will strengthen the role of labor unions in the O visa petition process, a process by which inter-national artists and entertainers with extraordinary ability are brought to the United States. b1730 As many of you may know, my home State of Georgia is one of the Nation’s leading locations for film and tele-vision production. Since the State up-dated its tax laws, this industry has generated approximately $800 million annually in economic development, and it is credited with supporting about 11,000 jobs in Georgia. In June alone, there were more than 23 movies and TV shows being filmed in the State. And as more studios and production teams move to Georgia, the demand for international talent will continue to rise. While international audiences have a strong appreciation and demand for American movies, music, and other forms of entertainment, we also want talent from other countries to come to the United States for our enjoyment. In such instances, however, we must ensure that the immigration process effectively balances the needs of the entertainment industry while pro-tecting the rights and interests of American workers. Congress has long realized that this is a delicate balance, which is why we created a specific role for American labor unions to participate in the O visa petition process for foreign artists and entertainers. Unions help ensure safe working conditions and fair wages for all, regardless of nationality. Under the O visa consultation process, unions provide informed opinions on these sig-nificant issues. The bill before us today makes an important change to current law. It re-quires the U.S. Citizenship and Immi-gration Services to provide labor orga-nizations the results of decisions for cases in which they submitted advisory opinions. This new requirement will bring transparency to the O visa proc-ess. In addition, this measure will enable labor unions to better monitor the out-comes of O visa cases and reduce uncer-tainty about the number of entertain-ment jobs filled by international art-ists. H.R. 3636 will further strengthen international artistic exchange while promoting American workers. In closing, I want to thank my col-leagues on the Judiciary Committee, Representatives MIMI WALTERS and J
ERROLD NADLER , for their leadership in crafting this bipartisan legislation. H.R. 3636 is a good bill, and I am pleased to support it. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I will close by thanking everyone for their support of this bill. I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 3636, the O–VISA Act. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3636, the O–VISA Act. As the lead Democratic cosponsor, I also want to thank the Gentlewoman from California, Mrs. W
ALTERS , for introducing this legislation, which will bring some needed transparency to the O visa application process. O visas are reserved for individuals with ex-traordinary ability in the sciences, arts, edu-cation, business, or athletics to perform tem-porary work in their field here in the United States. For those seeking an O visa specifi-cally to work on a motion picture or television production, the law requires that an individual have ‘‘a demonstrated record of extraordinary achievement,’’ which must be ‘‘recognized in the field through extensive documentation.’’ Through a unique provision in the law, an applicant for an O visa seeking to work on a film or television production must first obtain an opinion from the relevant labor organization in their field. For example, a director must seek an opinion from the Directors Guild of America, and a set designer must consult with the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees. As experts in their field, these or-ganizations are in the best position to deter-mine an applicant’s special qualifications. This process is intended to ensure that only the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.018 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3721 June 13, 2016 
most extraordinary and accomplished individ-uals—those who are so unique that they could not be replaced by an American worker—are granted an O visa. Unfortunately, in recent years, several unions have expressed deep concerns that a significant number of applicants for whom they have recommended denial have been admit-ted into the United States nonetheless. In some instances, the unions have documented fraud on the part of the applicant, while in some cases, the government simply reached a different conclusion. But, because the con-sulting union is never informed by the govern-ment whether a particular application was ap-proved or denied, it is impossible to know the full extent of this problem. The O–VISA Act would bring needed transparency to this proc-ess by requiring USCIS to provide a copy of any final determination to the consulting union. This is a narrow, but critically important pro-vision. Although the unions have expended a great deal of resources to discover the out-come of their advisory opinions, they are in the dark about the vast majority of cases. Al-though they could serve as a partner to USCIS in rooting out fraud and abuse, they lack the information they need to follow up on suspicious cases. I should point out that the unions have assured me that their concerns about fraud do not stem from any applications by the major studios. The problems occur with certain unscrupulous independent companies that abuse the process in a variety of ways. Of course, there need not be any fraud for USCIS to reach a different conclusion about the merits of a particular applicant. But, if this is occurring in a significant number of cases, it may signify a systemic problem in how the agency is considering applications, or a lack of understanding by the union of how cases should be evaluated. In either case, it is only fair that the unions have sufficient knowledge of how petitions are decided so that they can have a meaningful discussion with USCIS about any concerns they may have. The O–VISA Act would provide the trans-parency necessary to undertake this process and I urge my colleagues to support it. I want to note that since this bill simply re-quires that USCIS provide a copy of any final decision to the consulting organization, it should not burden the agency or add any delays in processing O visa applications. How-ever, I recognize that many sponsoring em-ployers have expressed concerns over the in-efficiency of the current process, and that re-forms are needed to streamline the application process. The language contained in H.R. 3636 has historically been coupled with provisions that also make important changes to the O- and B- visa programs for those seeking entry for mo-tion picture and television productions. These provisions were included in such bills as the Senate’s comprehensive immigration reform legislation from last Congress. Specifically, these changes provided the same common-sense portability that exists in other visa cat-egories, removed redundancies in the con-sultation process, and better aligned these entry programs with others that might involve an honorarium or appearance fee. I appreciate Chairman G
OODLATTE ’s assur- ances during the markup on the O–VISA Act that he intends to address these common-sense changes to the O- and B-programs that have historically accompanied the provisions in this bill in the future. And I am pleased that we are advancing this bill today. The O–VISA Act will help ensure the integrity of the O visa program while protecting the jobs of American artists and craftsmen in the film and television industries. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 3636, the ‘‘Oversee Visa Integrity with Stakeholder Advisories Act’’, also known as the O–VISA Act. H.R. 3636 is an important bill that supports the need and aim for comprehensive immigra-tion reform and strengthens the role of the labor unions in the O–lB consultation process. H.R. 3636 would strengthen the role of the labor unions in the O–1B consultation process by amending the ‘‘Immigration and Nationality Act’’ to require U.S. Citizenship and Immigra-tion Services (USCIS) to provide a copy of the O–1B petition decision to the labor union that was consulted as part of the petition process for a foreign artists and performers seeking to work in the United States. This bill would also require an annual report to Congress from the Department of Home-land Security (DHS) enumerating the adjudica-tive outcomes of O–1B petitions with a focus on the relationship between the USCIS deci-sion and the recommendation provided in the labor union consultation. Although H.R. 3636 deals specifically with the O–1B visa, the O nonimmigrant classifica-tion is commonly sub-classified in the following categories: O–1A: individuals with an extraordinary abil-ity in the sciences, education, business, or athletics not including the arts, motion pictures or television industry); O–1B: individuals with an extraordinary abil-ity in the arts or extraordinary achievement in motion picture or television industry; and O–2: individuals who will accompany an O– 1, artist or athlete, to asset in a specific event or performance. For an O–1A, the O–2’s assistance must be an ‘‘integral part’’ of the O–1A’s activity. For an O–1B, the O–2’s assistance must be ‘‘essential’’ to the completion of the O–1B’s production. The O–2 worker has critical skills and expe-rience with the O–1 that cannot be readily per-formed by a U.S. worker and which are essen-tial to the successful performance of the O–1. In creating the O–1B visa category, Con-gress sought a balance between the need for global interchange of creative professionals, and the need to prevent entertainment pro-ducers from abusing the immigration laws and the ability of individuals to obtain a visa for ex-traordinary ability. In doing so, Congress created the O non-immigrant visa, pursuant to an amendment to the Immigration Act of 1990 (IMMACT), for in-dividuals who possesses extraordinary ability in the sciences, arts, education, business, or athletics, or who have a demonstrated record of extraordinary achievement in the motion picture or television industry and have been recognized nationally or internationally for those achievements. The changes under IMMACT led to unin-tended conflicts between labor and manage-ment in the industry. Labor and management reached a settle-ment, reflected in current law and regulations that give weight, but not control, to labor union advisory opinions of the abilities and profes-sional prestige of foreign artists and per-formers sought by industry management. By requiring that USCIS provide a copy of the 0–1B petition decision to the labor union that was consulted, H.R. 3636 will provide labor unions with important data allowing them to see how their consultations are used by the adjudication agency. H.R. 3636 will reinforce the labor union’s position in the adjudication process and lay the groundwork for further legislative action if the newly provided information suggests that more reform is warranted. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3636, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Immi-gration and Nationality Act to allow labor organizations and management organizations to receive the results of visa petitions about which such organi-zations have submitted advisory opin-ions.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
STRATEGY TO OPPOSE PREDA-TORY ORGAN TRAFFICKING ACT Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3694) to combat trafficking in human organs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3694 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strategy To Oppose Predatory Organ Trafficking Act’’ or the ‘‘STOP Organ Trafficking Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that approximately 10 percent of all transplanted kidneys worldwide are ille-gally obtained, often bought from vulnerable impoverished persons or forcibly harvested from prisoners. (2) In 2004, the World Health Assembly passed a resolution urging its member-states to take measures to protect the poorest as well as vulnerable groups from exploitation by organ traffickers. (3) On February 13, 2008, the United Na-tions Global Initiative to Fight Human Traf-ficking (UNGIFT) hosted the ‘‘Vienna Forum to Fight Human Trafficking’’, and subse-quently reported that a lack of adequate il-licit organ trafficking laws has provided op-portunity for the illegal trade to grow. (4) On March 21, 2011, the Council of the European Union adopted rules supplementing the definition of criminal of-fenses and the level of sanctions in order to strengthen the prevention of organ traf-ficking and the protection of those victims. (5) In 2005, the United States ratified the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.013 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3722 June 13, 2016 
and Children, a supplement to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, which includes the removal of organs as a form of exploitation under the definition of ‘‘trafficking in persons’’. (6) According to a 2013 United Nations re-port from the Special Rapporteur on traf-ficking in persons, especially women and children, the economic and social divisions within and among countries is notably re-flected in the illicit organ trafficking mar-ket, in which the victims are commonly poor, unemployed, and more susceptible to deceit and extortion. 
SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the kidnapping or coercion of individ-uals for the purpose of extracting their or-gans for profit is in contradiction of the ideals and standards for ethical behavior upon which the United States has based its laws; (2) the illegal harvesting of organs from children is a violation of the human rights of the child and is a breach of internationally accepted medical ethical standards described in WHO Assembly Resolution 57.18 (May 22, 2004); (3) the illegal harvesting and trafficking of organs violates the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, in Article 3 which states that ‘‘Everyone has the right to life, liberty and security of person.’’, and in Article 4 which states that ‘‘No one shall be held in slavery or servitude.’’; and (4) establishing efficient voluntary organ donation systems with strong enforcement mechanisms is the most effective way to combat trafficking of persons for the re-moval of their organs. 
SEC. 4. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It shall be the policy of the United States to— (1) combat the international trafficking of persons for the removal of their organs; (2) promote the establishment of voluntary organ donation systems with effective en-forcement mechanisms in bilateral diplo-matic meetings, as well as in international health forums; and (3) promote the dignity and security of human life in accordance with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. 
SEC. 5. REVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASSPORTS TO INDIVIDUALS WHO ARE ORGAN TRAFFICKERS. 
The Act entitled ‘‘An Act to regulate the issue and validity of passports, and for other purposes’’, approved July 3, 1926 (22 U.S.C. 211a et seq.), which is commonly known as the ‘‘Passport Act of 1926’’, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4. AUTHORITY TO DENY OR REVOKE PASS-PORT. 
‘‘(a) I SSUANCE .—The Secretary of State may refuse to issue a passport to any indi-vidual who has been convicted of an offense under section 301 of the National Organ Transplant Act (42 U.S.C. 274e) if such indi-vidual used a passport or otherwise crossed an international border in the commission of such an offence. ‘‘(b) R
EVOCATION .—The Secretary of State may revoke a passport previously issued to any individual described in paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 6. AMENDMENTS TO THE TRAFFICKING VIC-TIMS PROTECTION ACT OF 2000. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 103 of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102) is amended— (1) in paragraph (9)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting: ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) trafficking of persons for the removal of their organs (as defined in paragraph (13)).’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (13) through (15) as paragraphs (14) through (16), respectively; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (12) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(13) TRAFFICKING OF PERSONS FOR THE RE -
MOVAL OF THEIR ORGANS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘trafficking of persons for the removal of their organs’ means the recruitment, transportation, transfer, harboring, or receipt of a person, ei-ther living or deceased, for the purpose of re-moving one or more of the person’s organs, by means of— ‘‘(i) coercion; ‘‘(ii) abduction; ‘‘(iii) deception; ‘‘(iv) fraud; ‘‘(v) abuse of power or a position of vulner-ability; or ‘‘(vi) transfer of payments or benefits to achieve the consent of a person having con-trol over a person described in the matter preceding clause (i). ‘‘(B) O
RGAN DEFINED .—In subparagraph (A), the term ‘organ’ has the meaning given the term ‘human organ’ in section 301(c)(1) of the National Organ Transplant Act (42 U.S.C. 274e(c)(1)).’’. (b) I
NTERAGENCY TASKFORCE TO MONITOR  
AND COMBAT TRAFFICKING .—Section 105(d)(3) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(d)(3)) is amended by in-serting after the first sentence the following new sentence: ‘‘Such procedures shall in-clude collection and organization of data from human rights officers at United States embassies on host country’s laws against trafficking of persons for the removal of their organs and any instances of violations of such laws.’’. 
SEC. 7. REPORTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2024, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a com-prehensive report that includes the following information: (1) A description of the sources, practices, methods, facilitators, and recipients of traf-ficking of persons for the removal of their organs during the period covered by each such report. (2) A description of activities undertaken by the Department of State, either unilater-ally or in cooperation with other countries, to address and prevent trafficking of persons for the removal of their organs. (3) A description of activities undertaken by countries to address and prevent traf-ficking of persons for the removal of their organs. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The reports required under subsection (a) shall include the collection and organization of data from human rights officers at United States diplo-matic and consular posts on host countries’ laws against trafficking of persons for the re-moval of their organs, including enforcement of such laws, or any instances of violations of such laws. (c) A
DDITIONAL MATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .— The reports required under subsection (a) may include— (1) information provided in meetings with host country officials; (2) information provided through coopera-tion with United Nations or World Health Organization agencies; (3) communications and reports provided by nongovernmental organizations working on the issue of trafficking of persons for the removal of their organs; and (4) any other reports or information sources the Secretary of State determines to be necessary and appropriate. SEC. 8. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. (2) O
RGAN .—The term ‘‘organ’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘human organ’’ in section 301(c)(1) of the National Organ Trans-plant Act (42 U.S.C. 274e(c)(1)). (3) T
RAFFICKING OF PERSONS FOR THE RE -
MOVAL OF THEIR ORGANS .—The term ‘‘traf-ficking of persons for the removal of their organs’’ means the recruitment, transpor-tation, transfer, harboring, or receipt of a person, either living or deceased, for the pur-pose of removing one or more of the person’s organs, by means of— (A) coercion; (B) abduction; (C) deception; (D) fraud; (E) abuse of power or a position of vulner-ability; or (F) transfer of payments or benefits to achieve the consent of a person having con-trol over a person described in the matter preceding clause (i). 
SEC. 9. LIMITATION ON FUNDS. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act or any amendment made by this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. T
ROTT and Mr. D EUTCH for introducing this important bill. The concept here is to combat the horrific crime of human trafficking for organ removal. And, as always, I appreciate the support of the ranking member, Mr. E
LIOT ENGEL , in moving this antitrafficking bill for-ward. As hard as it is for us to accept this, as shocking as this is, the cir-cumstances are such that rising global demand and a lack of adequate laws in many countries has fueled the growth of a worldwide black market for trans-plant organs. The World Health Organization esti-mates that 10 percent of all trans-planted organs worldwide are illegally obtained. That would mean that they were being coerced from vulnerable populations or forcibly harvested from prisoners. Often these prisoners are shot first in order to obtain organs, such as hearts, corneas, or lungs. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.014 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3723 June 13, 2016 
are taken from hostages. They are taken from oppressed minorities. An example would be kidneys or part of a liver. These abuses are more than just grave human rights violations. They also have worldwide implications for national security and public health. What do we mean when we say implica-tions for national security? Well, criminal organizations and terrorist groups are increasingly engaging in this black market industry that is val-ued now at a billion dollars. To give you some of the most ex-treme examples: ISIS recently issued a fatwa sanctioning forced organ har-vesting from captives and, as they call them, from apostates; and traffickers smuggling refugees into Europe have reportedly coerced organ donations, co-erced a kidney as payment for travel. A number of studies have under-scored how this shady commerce also creates biosecurity threats to the rest of the world. Recipients of infected tis-sue or organs may become human car-riers of disease. Or another problem is drug-resistant pathogens that con-tribute to the spread of pandemics and antibiotic resistance. Now, the U.S. has led the fight against human trafficking, and I would add, with help from the Foreign Affairs Committee, with help from the legisla-tion that we, our members on the com-mittee, have authored. This bill continues and expands that effort, and it does so by closing the gap in U.S. law that currently fails to rec-ognize the trafficking in persons for the removal of their organs as a form of human trafficking. Specifically, this bill also makes it the policy of the United States to com-bat such trafficking, to promote the adoption of effective voluntary organ donation systems in bilateral engage-ments and multinational health forums that we have with other countries. And it requires an annual report to Con-gress, an annual report on human traf-ficking for organ removal, which de-tails activities by our State Depart-ment and by other countries to combat this crime. Finally, the bill allows for the rev-ocation of passports from any indi-vidual that is involved in this kind of activity, that is convicted of an organ trafficking offense under the National Organ Transplant Act, as well as per-mitting the denial of visas to appli-cants with such convictions. So I urge all Members to support this important measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Before I begin, this is the first time I have spoken on the House floor since the horrific attack in Orlando, and I just want to take a brief moment to talk about it. This was a shocking hate crime against the LGBT community, a jarring and disgusting attack on our LGBT brothers and sisters, and on the progress LGBT rights have made in this country. And, of course, this was also a terrorist attack, and we need to look at it in the broader context of how we’re working to meet the challenge of violent extremism here and around the world. Mr. Speaker, since yesterday morn-ing, there has been an outpouring of thoughts and prayers for the victims in Orlando and their loved ones; and, to be sure, moral and spiritual support are a part of how we grieve and heal. We are all angry about this heinous attack. We are all heartbroken. We are all committed to finding answers. We are all standing together, and we will move forward from this tragedy to-gether. But, as lawmakers, we are empow-ered to do more than think and pray. In fact, we are certainly empowered to do more. I certainly have my views on what is necessary on the domestic side to stop this slaughter by gun violence, but I will leave that contentious debate aside for the moment. What I will say is that, on the For-eign Affairs Committee, Republicans and Democrats have found a great deal of common ground on what sort of measures will help to keep us safe and to confront the threat of violent extre-mism. What has guided us in the past: the spirit of nonpartisanship and the belief that politics should stop at the water’s edge, should continue to inform our work. Turning to this bill, let me thank the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, E
DROYCE ; and I want to thank Mr. T
ROTT and Mr. D EUTCH for all of their hard work on this measure. The World Health Organization esti-mates that 10 percent of all trans-planted organs worldwide are illegally obtained. That is an alarming number; but, like so many illegal enterprises, this is a crime that is poorly under-stood, that seeks out zones of impunity where the light of the law doesn’t shine and where information is hard to come by. So with a handful of estimates and reports, we are left asking: Who are the victims of this crime? How do they be-come trapped by this illegal trade? What pressures and vulnerabilities made them susceptible? What are gov-ernments doing to halt the practice to track down those responsible and to provide services to survivors? Should this challenge be included in our ef-forts to confront modern slavery, or is this a different sort of problem alto-gether? This bill will help us get answers to these questions. It calls for a report on this crime that will allow us to connect the dots. Once we know what we are dealing with, then we can figure out the best way to act and chart a path forward. So I am glad to support it. I thank the chairman and the bill’s spon-sors again. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. TROTT ), who is the author of this bill. Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by thanking Chairman R
OYCE , Ranking Member E
NGEL , the com-mittee staff, and Mena Hanna from my office for their work on H.R. 3694. I also want to thank my colleague, Rep-resentative D
EUTCH , for coauthoring the STOP Organ Trafficking Act with me. Illegal trafficking of human organs has long been a terrible and heinous crime, but unfortunately our policies and laws have not kept pace with this outrageous practice. China has been inexplicably tar-geting the Falun Gong for years, and more recently, ISIS has reportedly been resorting to this brutal practice to finance their nefarious activities and strike fear in the hearts of inno-cent people. Late last year, ISIS released a reli-gious edict stating that taking organs from a living captive to save a Mus-lim’s life was permissible, making reli-gious minorities all over the Middle East, like the Chaldeans and the Assyr-ians, even more vulnerable. Other helpless groups of people, like refugees, have reportedly been selling their organs on the black market through dealers who then sell the or-gans to foreign countries in what is quickly becoming an unchecked and lu-crative business. Mr. Speaker, it is time for the United States to take a leading role in com-batting this heinous crime and stand-ing with the world’s most vulnerable. We must ensure that our country is doing everything within our power to destroy any revenue stream that ISIS relies on to further its terrorist activi-ties. My bill is a start to this lengthy process, and I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this timely legisla-tion. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH). b1745 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman R
OYCE again for bringing this impor-tant bill to the floor, and to E
LIOT E
NGEL for his leadership and Mr. D
EUTCH , and especially to Mr. T ROTT , the sponsor of H.R. 3694, the Strategy To Oppose Predatory Organ Trafficking Act. This legislation recognizes and seeks to more effectively combat what is a growing manifestation of traf-ficking in persons for the sole purpose of organ removal, often for great profit for the traffickers. Mr. T
ROTT ’s legislation requires the Department of State to develop a ro-bust strategy to combat this heinous practice. We have long heard rumors and horror stories of migrants held captive in sub-Saharan Africa and the Sinai Peninsula, their organs taken 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.022 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3724 June 13, 2016 
and their bodies dumped because their families could not afford the ransom. Twenty years ago, I chaired a human rights hearing in my subcommittee with a Chinese security official who testified that he and his other security agents were executing prisoners—with doctors, of course, there and ambu-lances—in order to steal their organs for transplant. Since then, this horrific practice has skyrocketed. Recent evidence from researchers Ethan Gutmann and David Matas shows that organ transplants in China have increased almost exponentially, not decreased. There is a bizarre avail-ability of organs in Chinese military hospitals and China’s transplant appa-ratus that can often issue a tissue match and find an organ transplant within 2 weeks for any foreign tourist with cash. This initiative by Mr. T
ROTT will re-quire the State Department to do a more thorough analysis of trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ re-moval in China and elsewhere around the world, informing a strategy to stop this crime against humanity. Any American, Mr. Speaker, trav-eling to China for an organ transplant in 2016 should now be on notice that they may be participating in human trafficking of a vulnerable person or of a prisoner. Americans must not turn a blind eye to the ambiguous origins of a proffered organ. H.R. 3694 will help en-sure that Americans are certain that they are receiving transplants only in countries that prohibit and actively suppress organ harvesting from traf-ficking victims. I thank the gentleman for his legisla-tion. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume to close. Mr. Speaker, in recent years, the United States has made tremendous progress shining a light on poorly un-derstood problems around the world and working to find solutions: human trafficking, the advancement of women and girls, the importance of protecting our oceans, and combating climate change. A generation ago, no one con-sidered these foreign policy issues, but today we are prioritizing every single one of them. That is what we are trying to do now with respect to organ trafficking. This legislation will give us a fuller under-standing of this problem so that we can act in the most effective way possible. This is, again, a great bipartisan meas-ure. I thank Mr. T
ROTT and Mr. D EUTCH  and Chairman R
OYCE . I am happy to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. The scourge of illegal organ traf-ficking has been pretty well docu-mented, and you heard, here, Congress-man D
AVID TROTT explain the fatwa that has now been put out by ISIS that not only excuses the effort to go after Yazidis and Christians and others that they call apostates, but all captives are open to losing a kidney or forced organ transplant. The intention here is to make a market in this in the Middle East. But it does not just occur there, within the boundaries of ISIS’ caliph-ate. This is a crime that reportedly oc-curs in some 20 countries, in all regions of the world. So I thank Mr. TROTT and Mr. D
EUTCH for introducing this legisla-tion. I also thank Mr. E
NGEL , and I want to commend Sarah Blocher of the Committee on Foreign Affairs profes-sional staff for years of excellent work on this issue and her assistance to the authors. The STOP Organ Trafficking Act ad-dresses a critical challenge to human rights, to our national security, to our public health, and it deserves our unan-imous support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3694, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
UNITED STATES-CARIBBEAN STRA-TEGIC ENGAGEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4939) to increase engagement with the governments of the Caribbean region, the Caribbean diaspora commu-nity in the United States, and the pri-vate sector and civil society in both the United States and the Caribbean, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4939 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States–Caribbean Strategic Engagement Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
Congress declares that it is the policy of the United States to increase engagement with the governments of the Caribbean re-gion, the Caribbean diaspora community in the United States, and the private sector and civil society in both the United States and the Caribbean in a concerted effort to— (1) enhance diplomatic relations between the United States and the Caribbean region; (2) increase economic cooperation between the United States and the Caribbean region; (3) support regional economic, political, and security integration efforts in the Carib-bean region; (4) encourage sustainable economic devel-opment and increased regional economic di-versification and global competitiveness; (5) reduce levels of crime and violence, curb the trafficking of illicit drugs, strength-en the rule of law, and improve citizen secu-rity; (6) improve energy security by increasing access to diverse, reliable, affordable, and sustainable power; (7) advance cooperation on democracy and human rights in the Caribbean region and at multilateral fora; and (8) continue support for public health ad-vances and cooperation on health concerns and threats to the Caribbean region. SEC. 3. STRATEGY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a multi-year strategy for United States en-gagement with the Caribbean region that— (1) identifies Department of State and USAID efforts, in coordination with other executive branch agencies, to prioritize United States policy towards the Caribbean region; (2) outlines an approach to broaden Depart-ment of State and USAID outreach to the Caribbean diaspora community in the United States to promote their involvement and participation in the economic development and citizen security of the Caribbean region; (3) outlines an approach to partner with the governments of the Caribbean region to improve citizen security, reduce the traf-ficking of illicit drugs, strengthen the rule of law, and improve the effectiveness and sus-tainability of the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative; (4) establishes a comprehensive, inte-grated, multi-year strategy to encourage the efforts of the Caribbean region to implement regional and national strategies that im-prove energy security by increasing access to diverse, reliable, affordable, and sustainable power, including significant renewable en-ergy resources within the Caribbean region such as biomass, geothermal, hydropower, solar, tidal, waste-to-energy, and wind, and by taking advantage of the ongoing energy revolution in the Unites States; (5) outlines an approach to improve diplo-matic engagement with the governments of the Caribbean region, including with respect to key votes on human rights and democracy at the United Nations and the Organization of American States; (6) develops an approach to assisting Carib-bean countries in the diversification of their economies, the reduction of legal, technical, and administrative barriers that prevent the free flow of foreign direct investment and trade to and from each country and within the Caribbean region, and support for the training and employment of youth and citi-zens in marginalized communities; and (7) reflects the input of other executive branch agencies, as appropriate. 
SEC. 4. BRIEFINGS. 
The Secretary of State shall provide an-nual briefings to the appropriate congres-sional committees that review Department of State efforts to implement the strategy for United States engagement with the Car-ibbean region in accordance with section 3. 
SEC. 5. PROGRESS REPORT. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and biennially thereafter for the following four years, the President shall transmit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on progress made toward to implementing the strategy for United States engagement with the Caribbean region in accordance with sec-tion 3. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.024 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3725 June 13, 2016 
SEC. 6. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE REPORT ON CARIBBEAN BASIN SE-CURITY INITIATIVE. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that contains the following: (1) An evaluation of the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative (CBSI) and the extent to which the CBSI has met Department of State and USAID benchmarks. (2) An accounting of CBSI funding appro-priated, obligated, and expended from fiscal year 2010 through fiscal year 2016. (3) A breakdown of yearly CBSI assistance provided to each CBSI country. (4) A description of how CBSI is coordi-nated with other security assistance pro-grams in the Western Hemisphere, particu-larly the Merida Initiative and the Central America Regional Security Initiative, and the role of the Department of State’s Senior Coordinator for the Citizen Security Initia-tives in the Western Hemisphere in such co-ordination. (5) A description of all United States secu-rity assistance provided to the Caribbean re-gion, exclusive of assistance through CBSI. (6) Recommendations for legislative and executive action to make CBSI more effec-tive and efficient, as appropriate. 
SEC. 7. GAO REPORT ON DIPLOMATIC ENGAGE-MENT IN THE EASTERN CARIBBEAN. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that contains the following: (1) An evaluation of United States diplo-matic outreach from the United States em-bassy in Barbados to the countries of Anti-gua and Barbuda, Dominica, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia and St. Vincent, and the Grenadines. (2) A list of visits over the previous five years of personnel at the United States em-bassy in Barbados to the countries of Anti-gua and Barbuda, Dominica, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia and St. Vincent, and the Grenadines. (3) A description of how personnel at the United States embassy in Barbados have en-gaged with government officials and civil so-ciety organizations in Antigua and Barbuda, Dominica, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia and St. Vincent, and the Grenadines over the previous five years. (4) A description of how personnel at the United States embassy in Grenada have en-gaged with government officials and civil so-ciety organizations over the previous five years. 
SEC. 8. REPORTING COST OFFSET. 
Paragraph (4) of section 601(c) of the For-eign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4001(c)) is amended in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A), by striking ‘‘the following:’’ and all that follows through ‘‘A workforce plan’’ and inserting ‘‘a workforce plan’’ and adjust-ing the margins accordingly. 
SEC. 9. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. (2) C
ARIBBEAN REGION .—The term ‘‘Carib-bean region’’ means the Caribbean Basin Se-curity Initiative beneficiary countries. (3) S
ECURITY ASSISTANCE .—The term ‘‘secu-rity assistance’’ has the meaning given such term in section 502B(b) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2304(d)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. This is the United States-Carib-bean Strategic Engagement Act. It is authored by the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ), the committee’s ranking member. As always, I appre-ciate him working closely with Chair-man Emeritus I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN to ensure this legislation’s swift passage. These two Members have been particu-larly committed to developments in our Southern Hemisphere. For over a decade, Caribbean nations have received subsidized Venezuelan oil in exchange for their support of the au-thoritarian government of Hugo Cha-vez and now Nicolas Maduro. However, subsidized Venezuelan oil has done nothing to help the Caribbean address their need for a diversified energy strategy and instead has kept much of the region beholden to the Venezuelan strongmen. With Venezuela’s inflation rate ex-pected to rise to 500 percent this year, fueled partially by the low price of oil, the nations of the Caribbean have seen a marked decrease in oil shipments. Meanwhile, years of authoritarian so-cialism are coming to a head in Ven-ezuela, as the political and economic crisis there threatens almost certain implosion. This presents an important responsi-bility here, a responsibility for the United States to finally develop a com-prehensive strategy on how best to en-gage nations of the Caribbean dip-lomatically, how to help the region im-prove energy security, how to reduce violence and drug trafficking, and ad-vance cooperation with regional gov-ernments on democracy and human rights in international organizations, particularly in the Organization of American States, as we know it, the OAS. So this legislation, authored by E
LIOT ENGEL , will require the State De-partment and USAID to develop that comprehensive and clear strategy on how best to engage the Caribbean re-gion, and it also requires the Govern-ment Accountability Office to evaluate the Caribbean Basin Security Initia-tive so that we can be sure we are truly advancing our interests in the region using the best and most efficient ap-proach. During this time of competing prior-ities and limited resources, this bill seeks to ensure that our government is not neglecting this key region so close to our shores; and, frankly, it is in our hemisphere, so we should not neglect it while developing a strategy that en-sures the effectiveness of our diplo-matic engagement with each Caribbean nation. I once again thank the author, Rank-ing Member ENGEL , for his leadership and attention to the Western Hemi-sphere and thank I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN  for her commitment as well, specifi-cally to the Caribbean Basin. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time and yield the remainder of my time to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) and ask unanimous consent that she be allowed to manage that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I thank Chairman R
OYCE and my good friend Mr. E
NGEL for their contin-ued leadership, both of these great leaders, their longstanding engagement to greater engagement with the Carib-bean and for introducing this bill that we have before us today, H.R. 4939, the United States-Caribbean Strategic En-gagement Act. I am also pleased to be an original cosponsor and the Republican lead of Mr. E
NGEL ’s legislation. I thank Mr. E
NGEL . It is fitting that we bring this bill to the floor today, Mr. Speaker, during National Caribbean American Heritage Month. As a Member from south Florida, I see firsthand the wonderful contribu-tions that Caribbean Americans have made to our local communities. The Caribbean culture has had a great and lasting impact on our country and has helped bolster our society and has en-riched our traditions. But while we celebrate the contribu-tions of the Caribbean American com-munity to our country, we must also dedicate ourselves to doing more to en-hance our relations with our neighbors. U.S. foreign policy in recent adminis-trations—be they Republican or Demo-cratic—have not strengthened our partnerships with the Caribbean in the right way. As the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OYCE ), our chairman, pointed out, our influence and friend-ship with these nations has waned, al-lowing the negative influence of the dictatorships in Cuba and Venezuela to take root in the Caribbean. Deepening our strategic relationship with the Caribbean represents an ex-traordinary opportunity to expand our economic ties, to cooperate on security issues, and to advance our values, our interests at institutions such as the OAS, the Organization of American States, and the U.N., the United Na-tions. That is why, Mr. Speaker, this bill is so important. It pushes the State De-partment to prioritize our relations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.016 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3726 June 13, 2016 
with the Caribbean nations. It requires our State Department to develop a strategy to partner with our friends in the region on all issues, from counter-narcotics efforts, to energy security, to everything. There is great potential for energy in the Caribbean, for example, but we must help nations break from their de-pendency on Venezuelan energy, espe-cially as the Maduro regime is leading that nation to total chaos. We should help our neighbors take advantage of abundant and cheap natural gas and new, advanced, clean wind and solar technologies. In this way, we can help strengthen the economies of the region from the impact of the Venezuelan col-lapse—because the collapse is coming, Mr. Speaker—and take realistic steps toward reducing carbon emissions. This engagement has the benefit of being positive and sound foreign policy, but it is also great for our domestic policy. This bill will broaden our out-reach to the Caribbean diaspora com-munity here in the United States, which has been so instrumental in helping to shape and influence our great American story, and they deserve recognition and greater collaboration. I urge my colleagues to give their strong support for this bill. I thank Ranking Member E
NGEL for his leader-ship, as well as Chairman R
OYCE , on this important initiative. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, which I was proud to introduce, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank our chairman, E
D R
OYCE , for bringing forward my legisla-tion to ramp up our country’s engage-ment with our Caribbean neighbors. I also want to thank our former chair, I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , who joined me in offering this bill and who knows bet-ter than anyone the strategic impor-tance of the Caribbean region. We spend a great deal of time focus-ing on challenges and opportunities in faraway places, but it is important that we never lose sight of our inter-ests closer to home. Indeed, we should be working to strengthen our ties with countries in the Caribbean. That is the aim of this bill, which would prioritize U.S.-Caribbean relations for years to come. This bill would require the Secretary of State, along with the USAID Admin-istrator, to devise a multiyear strategy for Caribbean engagement. b1800 We want to see how our diplomatic and development efforts are focused on the Caribbean, with particular atten-tion to energy security, the rule of law, efforts to combat drug trafficking, and ways to enhance economic cooperation. We also want to increase our engage-ment when it comes to regional issues by improving our diplomatic efforts with respect to key votes at the United Nations and the Organization of Amer-ican States. In my view, the best way to put to-gether a new strategy toward the Car-ibbean is to tap into the large and vi-brant Caribbean American community here in the United States. I did that for the 4 years that I was chairman of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee of the Foreign Affairs Committee. So this bill underscores the impor-tance of consulting with the Caribbean diaspora community, promoting their involvement in economic development, and civilian security in the Caribbean. Finally, H.R. 4939 commissions two reports from the Government Account-ability Office, or GAO—one which eval-uates the Caribbean Basin Security Ini-tiative and another which assesses U.S. diplomatic engagement in the eastern Caribbean. I have long believed that we do a real disservice to our country by having no physical diplomatic presence in five of the countries in the eastern Caribbean: Antigua and Barbuda, Dominica, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, and St. Vin-cent and the Grenadines. I have long said it makes no sense for us to continue to conduct diplomacy on these islands from our embassy in Bar-bados. They say you can’t conduct di-plomacy from a bunker. It is also true that you cannot conduct diplomacy from hundreds of miles away. I hope to work with the State De-partment to ensure that we establish a diplomatic presence in the eastern Car-ibbean as soon as possible. China has it. Venezuela has it. Others have it. We should have it. It is especially appropriate that we are considering this bill in June, which is National Caribbean American Herit-age Month. As the President said in his proclamation: ‘‘The bonds between the United States and the Caribbean re-main strong. Both rooted in similar legacies—of trial and triumph, oppres-sion and liberation—our narratives have advanced on a similar path of progress, driven forward by our shared dedication to fostering opportunity and forging a brighter future.’’ I couldn’t agree more. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
EE), a leader on the Carib-bean and author of a resolution hon-oring Caribbean American Heritage Month. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first, let me take a moment to offer my condolences and prayers to the families and victims of the horrific gun violence against the LGBT community in Orlando. These despicable acts have shattered the lives of so many people. Our response must be not only in words, but also in deeds and in action. My congressional district has and will continue its outpouring of sym-pathy and support for the people of Or-lando, and we stand ready to assist in whatever way is needed. Let me now take a moment to thank Chairman ROYCE and Congresswoman I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN . I also thank Congressman E
NGEL for yielding and for his tremendous leadership on the Foreign Affairs Committee. I had the honor to serve on the Western Hemi-sphere Subcommittee of the Foreign Affairs Committee for several years when Mr. E
NGEL was chair. We talked early on about the importance of the Caribbean as a region and how we must make it a priority in our foreign pol-icy. So today I want to thank both sides: our ranking member, Chairman R
OYCE , Congresswoman I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , and especially Mr. E
NGEL , for not just their words, but also their tremendous leadership, as demonstrated by this im-portant bill. It has taken a while to get to this point, but thank goodness we are doing this in a bipartisan way. So I just want to thank them very much for that. As a lead cosponsor, of course, I stand in strong support of H.R. 4939. The bill would enhance U.S.-Caribbean relationships by requiring the Sec-retary of State, in coordination with the administrator of USAID, to submit a multiyear strategy for U.S. engage-ment with our Caribbean neighbors to Congress. I just want to, again, thank both sides. I remember when we had to work to really get the Caribbean to be in-cluded in all PEPFAR legislation, pro-grams, and funding. So that was a major step in the right direction. This is a huge step now in moving forward. This bill is very timely. It is a very important bill. As a long-time supporter of the Caribbean and a fre-quent visitor to the region—actually, my son attended school in Grenada. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Ms. LEE. As I said, my son attended school in Grenada, and I am a frequent visitor to the region. So I am very proud to see us debate this today and, hopefully, pass the bill again on June 13. Congress unanimously passed H. Con. Res. 71, which Mr. E
NGEL and Ms. I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN referenced. I au-thored that, actually, in February 2006, when President Bush was in office. He signed it. Since then, President Obama has issued a proclamation annually recognizing June as Caribbean Amer-ican Heritage Month. Caribbean Americans have contrib-uted immensely to the fabric of the United States. So as we celebrate this month, we are reminded also of the re-lationship between the United States and our Caribbean neighbors. This bill does that and more. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.026 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3727 June 13, 2016 
H.R. 4939 strengthens and enhances ties between the U.S. and the Carib-bean by promoting energy sustain-ability, diplomatic relations, and eco-nomic cooperation. Caribbean coun-tries, unfortunately, have been ne-glected in our foreign policy. This bill brings a focus on making the Caribbean region and the West Indies a priority. So, Mr. Speaker, now is the time for the United States to recommit our strong priorities with our Caribbean neighbors. We must revitalize and en-hance our outreach to our Caribbean neighbors now and in the future. This bill does just that. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ), a very valued member of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, before I begin my re-marks, I, too, extend my prayers and sympathy to the people of Orlando. My constituents, like all Americans, are brokenhearted at this monstrous act of violence visited upon a community gathered together to enjoy friendship and community and to celebrate. This act of cowardice has caused so much pain to the LGBT community in Or-lando and to our community all across this country. I know I speak for every-one when I say we stand ready to do ev-erything that we can to help this com-munity heal and to keep our commu-nities safe. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4939, the United States-Carib-bean Strategic Engagement Act of 2016. My home State of Rhode Island is home to many Caribbean Americans, particularly from the Dominican Re-public, Haiti, and other countries in the region. It is critical to strengthen our relationship with these countries not just because of the national secu-rity interests we share, but also to sup-port the interests of our constituents and their ties to this region. Geographic proximity has ensured strong linkages between the United States and the Caribbean region. H.R. 4939 will further enhance this relation-ship. Our interests in the regions are diverse, including economic, political, and security concerns. Despite its importance to the United States, the Caribbean often gets over-looked as we deal with concerns and threats from other regions of the world. Our Caribbean neighbors are im-portant partners at the United Nations and the Organization of American States. Increasing engagements with the governments and the Caribbean di-aspora in the United States, as well as the private sector and civil society in both the United States and the Carib-bean, will be beneficial to everyone. H.R. 4939 will enhance diplomatic re-lations, increase economic cooperation, support security integration efforts to help reduce violence and drug traf-ficking, advance cooperation on democ-racy and human rights in the region and at multilateral fora, and enhance cooperation in combating public health threats. I want to end by thanking Ranking Member ENGEL , Chairman R OYCE , and subcommittee chair I
LEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN , and all the sponsors of this important bill, and I urge my col-leagues to support this legislation. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in April of 2009, I had the honor of joining President Obama in Trinidad and Tobago for the Summit of the Americas. That was one of his first trips abroad as President. I was chairman of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee at the time. At that time, the President said: ‘‘The energy, the dynamism, the diver-sity of the Caribbean people inspires us all, and are such an important part of what we share in common as a hemi-sphere.’’ Seven years later, those words con-tinue to ring true. In that time, we have made a lot of progress. The Carib-bean Basin Security Initiative and the Caribbean Energy Security Initiative have brought us closer to our Carib-bean partners on a range of shared con-cerns. Let me say that Vice President B
IDEN deserves a great deal of credit for this progress, but more needs to be done. For example, this week, Secretary Kerry is in the Dominican Republic for the general assembly meeting of the OAS, the Organization of American States, which has its headquarters right here in Washington, D.C. We are confronting some serious issues at this meeting, including the crisis in Ven-ezuela. The Caribbean countries represented there will play a major role, and the more we work in partnership with these governments, the better. These may be small countries, but they pack a big punch in what is going on in our neighborhood. This legislation will keep us moving in the right direction when it comes to these partnerships. I was very honored to introduce the bill, and I am honored that we have strong support on both sides of the aisle. I, again, want to thank Chairman R
OYCE and Chairwoman Emeritus I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , both excellent members and real, stalwart support for this committee. This is another exam-ple of bipartisanship on the House For-eign Affairs Committee. I am very, very proud of that. So this will keep us moving in the right direction. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank, once again, Ranking Member E
NGEL for his tre-mendous leadership and all of his ef-forts to promote stronger relationships with nations within our own hemi-sphere. I have the distinct pleasure, as I have said, to represent south Florida in Con-gress. We have many, many constitu-ents in my district from the Caribbean. Part of what makes south Florida so unique is the contribution of the Carib-bean diaspora. What we have here during Caribbean American Heritage Month is an oppor-tunity to strengthen the U.S.-Carib-bean alliance and contribute in a meaningful and positive way to our neighbors. We have been in a crisis mode, Mr. Speaker, focusing most of our atten-tion on the many areas that, right-fully, demand our attention overseas, but it would be in both of our long- term interests, as well as our near- term interests, to develop mutually beneficial and strategic alliances close to home with the Caribbean nations. Just think of all the economic oppor-tunities that we can help in working with our neighbors to open up. We have a great opportunity with this bill to help them diversify their economies by tearing down burdensome barriers that are preventing them from taking ad-vantage of direct foreign investment and trade. That can lead to greater growth, more stability for the Carib-bean, for the diaspora, and for the United States as a whole. So I urge my colleagues to support passage of this important bill. I look forward to continuing to work with Mr. ENGEL and Mr. R OYCE to develop even stronger ties to our neighbors in the hemisphere. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4939, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
EXPRESSING CONCERN REGARD-ING STATE-SANCTIONED ORGAN HARVESTING IN THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 343) expressing concern regarding persistent and cred-ible reports of systematic, state-sanc-tioned organ harvesting from non-con-senting prisoners of conscience in the People’s Republic of China, including from large numbers of Falun Gong practitioners and members of other re-ligious and ethnic minority groups, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.028 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3728 June 13, 2016 
H. R ES. 343 Whereas when performed in accordance with ethical standards, the medical dis-cipline of organ transplantation is one of the great achievements of modern medicine; Whereas voluntary and informed consent is the precondition for ethical organ donation and international medical organizations state that prisoners, deprived of their free-dom, are not in the position to give free con-sent and that the practice of sourcing organs from prisoners is a violation of ethical guide-lines in medicine; Whereas the Government of the People’s Republic of China and Communist Party of China continue to deny reports that many organs are taken without the consent of pris-oners yet at the same time prevents inde-pendent verification of its transplant sys-tem; Whereas the organ transplantation system in China does not comply with the World Health Organization’s requirement of trans-parency and traceability in organ procure-ment pathways; Whereas the United States Department of State Country Report on Human Rights for China for 2014 stated, ‘‘Advocacy groups con-tinued to report instances of organ har-vesting from prisoners’’; Whereas Huang Jiefu, director of the China Organ Donation Committee, announced in December 2014 that China would end the practice of organ harvesting from executed prisoners by January 1, 2015, did not directly address organ harvesting from prisoners of conscience; Whereas Falun Gong, a spiritual practice involving meditative ‘‘qigong’’ exercises and centered on the values of truthfulness, com-passion, and tolerance, became immensely popular in the 1990s; Whereas in July 1999, the Chinese Com-munist Party launched an intensive, nation-wide persecution designed to eradicate the spiritual practice of Falun Gong, reflecting the party’s long-standing intolerance of large independent civil society groups; Whereas since 1999, hundreds of thousands of Falun Gong practitioners have been de-tained extra-legally in reeducation-through- labor camps, detention centers, and prisons, where torture and abuse are routine; Whereas in many detention facilities and labor camps, Falun Gong prisoners of con-science comprise the majority of the popu-lation, and have been said to receive the longest sentences and the worst treatment; Whereas Freedom House reported in 2015 that Falun Gong practitioners comprise the largest portion of prisoners of conscience in China, and face an elevated risk of dying or being killed in custody; Whereas in 2006, Canadian researchers David Matas, human rights attorney, and David Kilgour, former Canadian Secretary of State for Asia-Pacific, conducted an inde-pendent investigation into allegations of organ harvesting from Falun Gong prisoners in China, and concluded that Falun Gong practitioners being killed for their organs was highly probable; Whereas Matas and Kilgour have impli-cated state and party entities in illicit organ harvesting, including domestic security serv-ices and military hospitals; Whereas researcher and journalist Ethan Gutmann published findings that Chinese se-curity agencies began harvesting organs from members of the predominantly Muslim Uyghur ethnic minority group in the 1990s, including from Uyghur political prisoners; Whereas the United Nations Committee Against Torture and the Special Rapporteur on Torture have expressed concern over the allegations of organ harvesting from Falun Gong prisoners, and have called on the Gov-ernment of the People’s Republic of China to increase accountability and transparency in the organ transplant system and punish those responsible for abuses; and Whereas the killing of religious or political prisoners for the purpose of selling their or-gans for transplant is an egregious and intol-erable violation of the fundamental right to life: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) condemns the practice of state-sanc-tioned forced organ harvesting in the Peo-ple’s Republic of China; (2) calls on the Government of the People’s Republic of China and Communist Party of China to immediately end the practice of organ harvesting from all prisoners of con-science; (3) demands an immediate end to the 17- year persecution of the Falun Gong spiritual practice by the Government of the People’s Republic of China and the Communist Party of China, and the immediate release of all Falun Gong practitioners and other pris-oners of conscience; (4) encourages the United States medical community to help raise awareness of uneth-ical organ transplant practices in China; (5) calls on the People’s Republic of China to allow a credible, transparent, and inde-pendent investigation into organ transplant abuses; and (6) calls on the United States Department of State to conduct a more detailed analysis on state-sanctioned organ harvesting from non-consenting prisoners of conscience in the annual Human Rights Report, and report annually to Congress on the implementation of section 232 of the Department of State Au-thorization Act, Fiscal Year 2003 (8 U.S.C. 1182f), barring provision of visas to Chinese and other nationals engaged in coerced organ or bodily tissue transplantation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Florida. b1815 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I want to thank Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL for their lead-ership, for their support for human rights in China and, indeed, around the globe. I also want to thank my good friend, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY ), for joining me in introducing this bipartisan resolution that has gar-nered over 180 cosponsors. Many may not know this, Mr. Speaker, but Mr. C
ONNOLLY has been working on these issues ever since he was a staffer for the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee. I am proud to have introduced H. Res. 343 alongside my friend from Vir-ginia, a resolution that condemns Chi-na’s ongoing, gruesome practice of har-vesting organs from nonconsenting prisoners of conscience and religious and ethnic minorities. Falun Gong practitioners have long faced an intensive persecution by the Chinese Communist Party and, accord-ing to Freedom House, in 2015, com-prise the largest portion of prisoners of conscience in China. I was extremely disappointed to read that the State Department’s latest human rights report for China quoted a Chinese official’s unsubstantiated claim that any harvesting of organs from prisoners would now be vol-untary. China has been well-known to produce the majority of organs it uses for transplants from executed pris-oners, people who are deprived of their freedom, unable to give their voluntary and informed consent to donate their organs. These are the basic pre-conditions for ethical organ donation, which China rarely, if ever, meets. The regime of the People’s Republic of China does not comply with the re-quirements of the World Health Orga-nization for transparency and traceability in organ procurement pathways, and the number of voluntary organ donations in China continues to be much lower than the reported num-ber of transplants, let alone the num-ber of unreported ones. All of this points to unethical prac-tices at the very least, and something much, much more inhumane and grue-some at the very worst, and leads us to conclude that China’s claim to have ceased with illegal harvesting is a du-bious one. The Chinese regime’s brutal repres-sion and human rights violations are well known, but it is the horrific treat-ment of the Falun Gong practitioners, Mr. Speaker, that is particularly egre-gious yet does not receive the atten-tion that it deserves. Followers of the Falun Gong are among China’s most vulnerable to state-sanctioned abuse, which leaves them as likely victims to this ghoulish practice; and if the latest reports of China seeking to conduct full-body transplants are true, then it could put these peaceful individuals in even grav-er danger. Last week, The New York Times re-ported that Chinese doctors are seek-ing to conduct full-body transplants. But again, with little transparency and the lack of ethical standards, one has to wonder, Mr. Speaker, how will these doctors, how will these scientists, con-duct their research and experiments? They will likely look to their prisons and target prisoners of conscience—and Falun Gong practitioners, specifically. The New York Times reported that China remains an international pariah that has long been dogged by ethical issues, yet its doctors remain undeterred by the horrid practices and plan on moving forward when they are ready. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.017 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3729 June 13, 2016 
What will this mean for Falun Gong practitioners and other prisoners of conscience in China, Mr. Speaker? I shudder to think of their fate as a re-sult of these inhumane experiments and macabre practices. But by passing this resolution, sir, we can send a message to the Chinese regime that we condemn this continued practice of persecution of Falun Gong practitioners, and its sickening and un-ethical practice must stop, especially harvesting organs from nonconsenting individuals. We cannot allow these crimes to con-tinue. I urge all of my colleagues to support this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, June 2, 2016. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing with respect to H. Res. 343, which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H. Res. 343 that fall within the rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our com-mittee from further consideration of this resolution so that it may proceed expedi-tiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H. Res. 343 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that our committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this resolution or similar legislation moves for-ward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H. Res. 343 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of this resolution. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, June 8, 2016. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, House Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on House Resolution 343, Expressing concern regarding persistent and credible re-ports of systematic, state-sanctioned organ harvesting from non-consenting prisoners of conscience in the People’s Republic of China, and for agreeing to be discharged from fur-ther consideration of that measure. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, or prejudice its ju-risdictional prerogatives on this measure or similar legislation in the future. I will seek to place our letters on H. Res. 343 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration. I appreciate your co-operation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, I thank Chairman R
OYCE and Congresswoman R
OS-LEHTINEN , who in-troduced this very important piece of legislation. We just finished debate on a bill that would help us get a better handle on just how severe a problem organ traf-ficking is and to help us figure out what is needed to confront this chal-lenge. This resolution underscores troubling reports about the practice of organ trafficking, specifically in the People’s Republic of China. I have heard directly from some of my constituents about this, and what is particularly unsettling is that this practice allegedly targets prisoners of conscience, including practitioners of Falun Gong and other religious and ethnic minorities. Nonconsensual organ harvesting under any circumstance represents a gross violation of human rights, but these allegations are particularly egre-gious: authorities at Chinese prisons targeting prisoners because of their re-ligious beliefs and then making a profit by trafficking these victims’ organs. I cannot think of hardly anything that is more disgusting than that. The ac-counts of these activities are gruesome and shocking, and, again, we need to get to the bottom of this issue to see exactly what is going on. This measure calls on the Chinese Government to cease the practice of forced organ harvesting and to end the persecution of Falun Gong practi-tioners and other prisoners of con-science. It also calls on the Chinese Government to allow an investigation into this issue, and it urges the State Department to include an assessment of state-sanctioned, nonconsensual organ harvesting in its annual human rights reports. So I again thank Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN  for her focus on this issue. I am pleased to support this measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), chairman of the Foreign Af-fairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and colleague I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN for yielding. I want to thank the chairman emeritus of the full Foreign Affairs Committee for the defense of vulner-able persons in China, especially the Falun Gong, men and women who can-not speak for themselves, who have suffered unspeakable torture—some have survived—and to the families who have lost loved ones in Chinese prison camps, the Laogai, and detention cen-ters that are sprinkled throughout all of China. This legislation is an important step in bringing accountability and trans-parency to what may be one of the great crimes of the 21st century: the 17- year effort to eliminate Falun Gong practice from China. I strongly believe that the campaign to eradicate Falun Gong will be seen as one of the great horrors. The Chinese Government continues to insist that the accounts of religious persecution, forced abortion, arbitrary detention, and organ harvesting from Falun Gong practitioners are mere ru-mors. They refuse to even discuss these issues in regular diplomatic dialogue and regularly jail and disbar lawyers who try to defend Falun Gong practi-tioners who expose the abuses that are committed by government employees. Nevertheless, evidence is quickly mounting of the horrific crimes com-mitted against Falun Gong practi-tioners, including this terrible practice of organ harvesting. Over the years, Congress has received credible information about this uneth-ical and corrupt organ transplant sys-tem that operates in China. The Chi-nese Government is at least grossly negligent but, more likely, grossly complicit in these crimes because huge amounts of money are made. We have received credible evidence that the actual number of organ trans-plants by China’s hospitals remain underreported and that, despite the Chinese Government’s promises to the contrary, the number of prisoners who are killed and have their organs taken continues to rise. Shockingly, researchers David Kilgour, David Matas, and Ethan Gutmann conducted detailed investiga-tions and estimated that between 45,000 and 65,000 Falun Gong practitioners were killed for their organs, which then were sold for profit—45,000 to 65,000 victims who had their organs sto-len and their lives snuffed out by the Chinese Government officials. There might be new estimates that are higher. These researchers will unveil their new findings next week at a hearing of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. Let me remind Members that the United States Congress isn’t the only one that is bringing this terrible human rights abuse up. The U.N. Com-mittee Against Torture and the Special Rapporteur on torture have expressed concern over these allegations, and they have called for accountability and transparency. The I LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN resolution condemns this practice; calls on the government to end it; demands an im-mediate end to the 17-year persecution of the Falun Gong; encourages the United States medical community to help raise awareness of unethical organ transplant practices in China; calls on the People’s Republic of China to allow a credible, transparent, and inde-pendent investigation into organ trans-plant abuses; and then calls on the U.S. Department of State to conduct a more detailed analysis on state-sanctioned organ harvesting from nonconsenting prisoners of conscience in its annual 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.032 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3730 June 13, 2016 
human rights report. And it also calls on the government, our government, to bar provision of visas, pursuant to cur-rent law, to Chinese and other nation-als engaged in coerced organ or bodily tissue transplantation. Again, I want to thank I
LEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN and Mr. C ONNOLLY for their leadership on this. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close once Mr. E
NGEL  yields back his time. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, a commitment to human rights for people around the world is a fundamental American value and a pillar of our foreign policy. So when we hear reports of horrific abuses, such as state-sanctioned organ harvesting, we have a responsibility to determine the scope of the problem and respond. I want to thank Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN  for her tenacity in bringing this for-ward. I want to thank Mr. S
MITH, who is always there for human rights. I want to thank Chairman R
OYCE , again, for allowing this resolution to come forward and, again, for making this a bipartisan concern. I have heard from colleagues and con-stituents again and again about griev-ous violations of human rights that Falun Gong and other prisoners of con-science have endured at the hands of Chinese authorities. We need to send a clear message that this sort of abuse is unacceptable. So again, I want to thank Congress-woman R
OS-LEHTINEN for bringing our attention to this issue and bringing forward this measure. This is a resolu-tion that everyone should vote for, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, in recent years, sadly, the United States has receded from our role as a promoter and defender of human rights internationally. Once a central part of U.S. foreign policy, we have witnessed the protection of human rights fall far down on our pri-ority list as administrations have be-come too eager to make deals with des-pots and tyrants in places like Iran, Cuba, and North Korea. Those who once looked to the United States to be the leader, to stand up and protect those suffering and those who are being denied their most basic and fundamental rights, no longer view us as the voice for the voiceless, willing to stand up for those suffering around the world. Shame on us, Mr. Speaker, because this failure to promote our ideals and our principles, well, that leads ruthless thugs to believe that they can get away with whatever they want, and, ul-timately, it increases the suffering of the people that they exploit. The United States must once again make our core values and beliefs a cen-tral tenet of our foreign policy agenda in order to restore our credibility and to restore the faith that so many have in our ability to help bring about change for those who cannot protect themselves. b1830 Passing this resolution today, Mr. Speaker, sends a clear signal to China that the United States opposes its gross violations of human rights, par-ticularly against the Falun Gong prac-titioners. They are so peaceful, and they are so full of composure. They pose no threat to China, yet this ruth-less dictatorship forces them to com-mit unspeakable acts. This resolution sends a signal to countless others suf-fering around the world that the United States will, once again, make the protection of human rights a pri-ority. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join us to support this resolution, sup-port our ideals and values, support human rights, and help the practi-tioners of Falun Gong. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 343, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolu-tion, as amended, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 4939, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 5312, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
UNITED STATES-CARIBBEAN STRA-TEGIC ENGAGEMENT ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4939) to increase engagement with the governments of the Caribbean region, the Caribbean diaspora commu-nity in the United States, and the pri-vate sector and civil society in both the United States and the Caribbean, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 386, nays 6, not voting 42, as follows: [Roll No. 297] YEAS—386 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.033 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3731 June 13, 2016 
Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—6 
Amash Brat Duncan (TN) Gohmert Jones Massie 
NOT VOTING—42 
Bishop (UT) Boustany Brady (TX) Carter (TX) DeLauro Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Flores Forbes Garamendi Goodlatte Grayson Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hurt (VA) Kind Labrador Lee Marchant Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Price, Tom Rohrabacher Rush Sanchez, Loretta Simpson Sinema Stutzman Takai Thornberry Webster (FL) Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) 
b1853 Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. SPEIER changed her vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on roll-call No. 297, I was unavoidably detained and unable to return to Washington, D.C. in time to cast my vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN MEMORY OF THE VICTIMS OF THE TER-RORIST ATTACK IN ORLANDO, FLORIDA The SPEAKER. The Chair would ask all present to rise for the purpose of a moment of silence. The Chair asks that the House now observe a moment of silence in mem-ory of the victims of the terrorist at-tack in Orlando. PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I am really concerned that we have just today had a moment of silence, and later this week, the 17th—— The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman have a parliamentary inquiry? Mr. CLYBURN. Yes. Mr. Speaker, I am particularly inter-ested about three pieces of legislation that have been filed in this body. The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not stating a parliamentary inquiry. f 
NETWORKING AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER. Without objection, 5- minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The unfinished busi-ness is the vote on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5312) to amend the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 to authorize ac-tivities for support of networking and information technology research, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 385, nays 7, not voting 42, as follows: 
[Roll No. 298] YEAS—385 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—7 
Amash Gohmert Grothman Harris Jones Massie Pelosi 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.018 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3732 June 13, 2016 
NOT VOTING—42 
Bishop (UT) Boustany Brady (TX) Carter (TX) DeLauro Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Flores Forbes Garamendi Goodlatte Gowdy Grayson Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hurt (VA) Kind Labrador Marchant Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Payne Rohrabacher Rush Sanchez, Loretta Simpson Sinema Stutzman Takai Thornberry Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Whitfield Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1902 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on roll-call No. 298, I was unavoidably detained and unable to return to Washington, D.C. in time to cast my vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5053, PREVENTING IRS ABUSE AND PROTECTING FREE SPEECH ACT; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5293, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. STIVERS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–621) on the resolution (H. Res. 778) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5053) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from re-quiring that the identity of contribu-tors to 501(c) organizations be included in annual returns; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5293) making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on the additional motion to sus-pend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Any record vote on the postponed question will be taken later. 
f 
NSF MAJOR RESEARCH FACILITY REFORM ACT OF 2016 Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5049) to provide for improved management and oversight of major multi-user research facilities funded by the National Science Foundation, to ensure transparency and account-ability of construction and manage-ment costs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5049 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘NSF Major Research Facility Reform Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Foundation. (2) F
OUNDATION .—The term ‘‘Foundation’’ means the National Science Foundation es-tablished under section 2 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861). (3) M
AJOR MULTI -USER RESEARCH FACIL -
ITY.—The term ‘‘major multi-user research facility’’ means a science and engineering in-frastructure construction project that ex-ceeds the lesser of 10 percent of a Direc-torate’s annual budget or $100,000,000 in total project cost that is funded in the major re-search equipment and facilities construction account, or any successor thereto. 
SEC. 3. MANAGEMENT AND OVERSIGHT OF LARGE FACILITIES. 
(a) L ARGE FACILITIES OFFICE .—The Direc-tor shall maintain a Large Facilities Office. The functions of the Large Facilities Office shall be to support the research directorates in the development, implementation, and as-sessment of major multi-user research facili-ties, including by— (1) serving as the Foundation’s primary re-source for all policy or process issues related to the development and implementation of major multi-user research facilities; (2) serving as a Foundation-wide resource on project management, including providing expert assistance on nonscientific and non-technical aspects of project planning, budg-eting, implementation, management, and oversight; (3) coordinating and collaborating with re-search directorates to share best manage-ment practices and lessons learned from prior projects; and (4) assessing projects during preconstruction and construction phases for cost and schedule risk. (b) O
VERSIGHT OF LARGE FACILITIES .—The Director shall appoint a senior agency offi-cial as head of the Large Facilities Office whose responsibility is oversight of the de-velopment, construction, and transfer to op-erations of major multi-user research facili-ties across the Foundation. (c) P
OLICIES FOR LARGE FACILITY COSTS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall ensure that the Foundation’s polices for developing and maintaining major multi-user research facility construction costs are consistent with the best practices described in the March 2009 Government Accountability Of-fice Report GAO-09-3SP, or any successor re-port thereto, the Uniform Guidance in 2 C.F.R. part 200, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation as appropriate. (2) C
OST PROPOSAL ANALYSIS .— (A) G
ENERAL REQUIREMENT .—The Director shall ensure that an external cost proposal analysis is conducted for any major multi- user research facility. (B) R
ESOLUTION OF ISSUES FOUND .—The Di- rector, or a senior agency official within the Office of the Director designated by the Di-rector, shall certify in writing that all issues identified during the cost analysis, including any findings of unjustified or questionable cost items, are resolved before the Founda-tion may execute a construction agreement with respect to the project. (C) TRANSMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—The Direc-tor shall transmit each certification made under subparagraph (B) to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate. (3) I
NCURRED COST AUDITS .—The Director shall ensure that an incurred cost audit is conducted at least biennially on any major multi-user research facility, in accordance with Government Auditing Standards as es-tablished in Government Accountability Of-fice Report GAO-12-331G, or any successor re-port thereto, with the first incurred cost audit to commence no later than 12 months after execution of the construction agree-ment. (4) C
ONTINGENCIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided for in subparagraph (C)(ii), the Foundation shall— (i) provide oversight for contingency in ac-cordance with Cost Principles Uniform Guid-ance in 2 C.F.R. part 200.433, or any successor thereto, and the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion as appropriate, except as provided in this paragraph; and (ii) not make any award which provides for contributions to a contingency reserve held or managed by the awardee, as defined in 2 C.F.R. part 200.433(c). (B) U
PDATING POLICY MANUAL .—The Foun-dation shall update its Large Facilities Man-ual and any other applicable guidance for contingencies on major multi-user research facilities with regard to estimating, moni-toring, and accounting for contingency. (C) F
OUNDATION REQUIREMENTS .—The policy updated under subparagraph (B) shall require that the Foundation— (i) may only include contingency amounts in an award in accordance with Cost Prin-ciples Uniform Guidance in 2 C.F.R. part 200.433, or any successor thereto, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation as appro-priate; and (ii) shall retain control over funds budg-eted for contingency, but may disburse budg-eted contingency funds incrementally to the awardee to ensure project stability and con-tinuity. (D) A
WARDEE REQUIREMENTS .—The policy updated under subparagraph (B) shall require that an awardee shall— (i) provide verifiable documentation to support any amounts proposed for contin-gencies; and (ii) support requests for the release of con-tingency funds with evidence of a bona fide need and that the amounts allocated to the performance baseline are reasonable and al-lowable. (E) C
URRENT AWARDEES .—The Foundation shall work with awardees for whom awards with contingency provisions have been made before the date of enactment of this Act— (i) to determine if any of their use of con-tingency funds represents out-of-scope changes for which Foundation’s prior writ-ten approval was not obtained; and (ii) if out-of-scope changes are found, to identify any financial action that may be ap-propriate. (5) M
ANAGEMENT FEES .— (A) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘management fee’’ means a portion of an award made by the Foundation for the purpose of covering ordinary and legitimate business expenses necessary to maintain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.025 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3733 June 13, 2016 
operational stability which are not other-wise allowable under Cost Principles Uni-form Guidance in 2 C.F.R. part 200, Subpart E, or any successor regulation thereto. (B) L
IMITATION .—The Foundation may pro-vide a management fee under an award only if the awardee provides justification as to the need for such funds. In such cases, the Foundation shall take into account the awardee’s overall financial circumstances when determining the amount of the fee if justified. (C) F
INANCIAL INFORMATION .—The Founda-tion shall require award applicants to pro-vide income and financial information cov-ering a period of no less than 3 prior years (or in the case of an entity established less than 3 years prior to the entity’s application date, the period beginning on the date of es-tablishment and ending on the application date), including cash on hand and net asset information, in support of a request for man-agement fees. The Foundation shall also re-quire awardees to report to the Foundation annually any sources of non-Federal funds received in excess of $50,000 during the award period. (D) E
XPENSE REPORTING .—The Foundation shall require awardees to track and report to the Foundation annually all expenses reim-bursed or otherwise paid for with manage-ment fee funds, in accordance with Federal accounting practices as established in Gov-ernment Accountability Office Report GAO– 12–331G, or any successor report thereto. (E) A
UDITS .—The Inspector General of the Foundation may audit any Foundation award for compliance with this paragraph. (F) P
ROHIBITED USES .—An awardee may not use management fees for— (i) costs allowable under Cost Principles Uniform Guidance in 2 C.F.R. part 200, Sub-part E, or any successor regulation thereto; (ii) alcoholic beverages; (iii) tickets to concerts, sporting, or other entertainment events; (iv) vacation or other travel for nonbusi-ness purposes; (v) charitable contributions, except for a charitable contribution of direct benefit to the project or activity supported by the management fee; (vi) social or sporting club memberships; (vii) meals or entertainment for nonbusi-ness purposes; (viii) luxury or personal items; (ix) lobbying, as described in the Uniform Guidance at 2 C.F.R. 200.450; or (x) any other purpose the Foundation de-termines is inappropriate. (G) R
EVIEW .—The Foundation shall review management fee usage for each Foundation award on at least an annual basis for compli-ance with this paragraph and the Founda-tion’s Large Facilities Manual. (6) R
EPORT .—Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to Congress a report describing the Foundation’s policies for de-veloping and managing major multi-user re-search facility construction costs, including a description of any aspects of the policies that diverge from the best practices rec-ommended in Government Accountability Office Report GAO-09-3SP, or any successor report thereto, and the Uniform Guidance in 2 C.F.R. part 200. (7) N
ONCOMPLIANCE .—The Director shall en-sure that the Foundation shall take the en-forcement actions specified in 45 C.F.R. 92.43 for noncompliance with this section. 
SEC. 4. WHISTLEBLOWER EDUCATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Foundation shall be subject to section 4712 of title 41, United States Code. (b) E
DUCATION AND TRAINING .—The Founda-tion shall provide education and training for Foundation managers and staff on the re-quirements of such section 4712, and provide information on such section to all awardees, contractors, and employees of such awardees and contractors. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) and the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 5049, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I am pleased to sponsor H.R. 5049, the NSF Major Research Facility Reform Act of 2016, to improve the manage-ment and oversight of major multi-user research facilities that are funded by the National Science Foundation and to ensure that taxpayer dollars are spent with transparency and account-ability. The NSF funds a variety of large re-search projects through cooperative agreements, including multi-user re-search facilities, tools for research and education, and instrumentation net-works. Current construction projects underway include the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope, the Daniel Inouye Solar Telescope, and the National Eco-logical Observatory Network, other-wise known as NEON. These 5- to 10- year construction projects range from $350 million to $500 million in total project cost. The proper stewardship of taxpayer dollars is paramount when executing projects of this magnitude. The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology held a number of hear-ings over the last year and a half on these large research projects, including several on the NEON Project, after learning about the mismanagement of appropriated funds. Specifically, the hearings discussed the findings of two financial audits. One of those audits discovered that NEON was allowed to use Federal taxpayer dollars for explic-itly unallowable costs, including liq-uor, lobbying, and a lavish holiday party. Both audits of the NEON Project were initiated by the NSF inspector general due to concerns about the lack of review of costs by the NSF. In addi-tion, the IG had concerns about the NSF’s accounting financial controls of major research facilities prior to enter-ing into cooperative agreements. The IG’s work, combined with the oversight of this committee’s, resulted in the Na-tional Academy of Public Administra-tion’s, also known as NAPA, con-ducting a commissioned review of the NSF’s management of cooperative agreements. The bill I bring to the floor today is a product of many recommendations that were made by the NSF IG, the auditors, NAPA, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. First, the bill enhances the role of the NSF Large Facilities Office in project management, giving it statu-tory permanence and ensuring that ex-pert management staff at the NSF work with scientific program staff throughout all phases of project devel-opment and construction. It also re-quires a senior agency official to have responsibility for the oversight of the office. Second, the bill requires the NSF to commission an external cost proposal analysis for all major multi-user re-search facilities with a total project cost of over $100 million. This will en-sure that proposed construction budg-ets are reasonable while allowing the NSF and the awardee to address all cost issues before construction begins. This small investment at the beginning of the award will pay off in savings for the life of the construction project. Third, the bill requires an incurred cost audit at least every 2 years during construction, starting 1 year after the execution of the agreement. These reg-ular audits will help ensure that a project is on track and will detect problems while something can still be done to remedy the problem, not after the project is well on its way to being over budget or is already complete. Fourth, the bill increases agency control over project contingency funds by requiring the NSF to retain the ma-jority of the funds rather than the awardee. Reflecting the input of many stakeholders, the bill allows the NSF to disburse contingency funds incre-mentally to the awardee to allow for project continuity and stability. Con-tingency expenditures must be sup-ported by verifiable cost data, and the awardee must record and report all contingency expenditures to the NSF. Next, the bill closes loopholes for the use of management fees, codifying reg-ulations that the NSF has recently put into place to ensure taxpayer funds are never abused again. This prohibition includes alcohol, concert tickets, un-necessary travel, and lobbying. The bill also requires awardees to demonstrate a financial need to justify management fees which are included as part of the award. Finally, the bill has a provision that supports the education of the NSF grant awardees and their employees on the law that protects whistleblowers. It was thanks to a whistleblower audi-tor that many of the issues with the NEON Project were brought to light. As a former small business owner and as the former director of a nonprofit, I, wholeheartedly, understand the impor-tance of accountability. The fact that the NSF is mishandling American tax-payer dollars, with little consequence, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.028 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3734 June 13, 2016 
is inexcusable. What is even more inex-cusable is that the NSF has received warnings about this kind of irrespon-sible spending over the past 4 years, and it has not taken adequate meas-ures to resolve the matter. This bill will ensure that the NSF makes the systematic changes nec-essary to restore confidence in feder-ally funded research projects and that taxpayers can trust us with their money in their knowing that it will be spent in the manner it was intended. I thank Chairman S
MITH for his sup-port in moving this bill forward, and I ask my colleagues to join me in pass-ing these commonsense reforms. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5049, the NSF Major Research Facility Reform Act of 2016. While I support the passage of this bill in the House today, I do so with some reservations, which I will discuss later in my remarks. Major research facilities play a cen-tral role in helping the NSF meet its mission to promote the progress of science and cultivate the next genera-tion of scientists and innovators. These facilities include telescopes, research ships, engineering test beds, and other cutting-edge research platforms. We re-cently held a hearing to congratulate the scientists who are working on one such endeavor, the LIGO project, which detected gravity waves. As the LIGO project demonstrated, these efforts involving major facilities have the potential to generate pro-found breakthroughs in science and to inspire a whole new generation of our best and brightest to pursue careers in STEM. However, these major facilities also cost a lot of money. Properly man-aging those large expenses is critical to ensuring the success of the major fa-cilities projects and is, ultimately, critical to the advancement of science. The intent of this bill is a good one. It is to ensure the proper oversight and accountability for the National Science Foundation’s investments in major research facilities. The National Science Foundation manages about 15 research facilities across its diverse science and engineer-ing portfolio. In any given year, three or four new major facilities are under construction. H.R. 5049 largely address-es the design and construction phase of these facilities, which is the highest- risk phase. Republican and Democratic members and staff of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology worked to-gether over many weeks to develop and move through the committee a bill that addresses the need for strong over-sight and accountability while taking into consideration the legitimate con-cerns of the agency and stakeholder groups about unintended consequences. I appreciate the work of Mr. L
OUDERMILK and Chairman S MITH and the Republican and Democratic staffs in this regard. However, the devil is al-ways in the details, and I hope that dis-cussion will continue on some of the details if this legislation continues to move forward. The fact is that every other Federal agency is held to governmentwide standards and policies for contracting. In this bill, we are creating a different set of rules with less flexibility for the National Science Foundation even though the Foundation’s record, over-all, has been a very good one and even though the Foundation has taken many aggressive steps already to rec-tify deficiencies where they did exist. As such, I hope that we tread care-fully. Given that the impetus for this bill was one project that went awry be-cause of an inexperienced project man-agement team, the last thing we want to do is to enact a law that discourages the most experienced project manage-ment professionals from doing business with the NSF, thereby increasing the risk to the taxpayer. b1915 In closing, I want to thank Mr. LOUDERMILK and Chairman S MITH for working with us to improve the legisla-tion; and I hope we continue to work with the agency, the National Science Board, and the expert stakeholders to ensure we achieve our shared goals of both safeguarding taxpayers’ money and promoting the progress of science I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the major-ity leader. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, the In-novation Initiative is about two things: enabling innovation in the private sec-tor, and bringing innovation into gov-ernment. It has now been 3 months since we started the Innovation Initiative. In that time, we have met with innovators at the forefront of both our missions. Today in the House, we are focused on harnessing innovation for the public good. Just moments ago, we passed Rep-resentative D
ARIN LAHOOD’s bill to ad-vance networking and information technology research and development; and now we are considering B
ARRY  L
OUDERMILK ’s reform of the National Science Foundation. Basic research and development in-vestment is important as we strive to remain at the cutting edge of tech-nologies that will offer Americans a happier and healthier life. But when the integrity of such efforts at public institutions is compromised, as hap-pened with the major NSF facility that experienced massive cost overruns last year, it calls into question the entire model. So this bill makes changes to our research facilities to make them operate with transparency and ac-countability. When you look across our govern-ment, you can see inefficiencies, a lack of accountability, and practices and policies that just don’t make sense. That is bad for the workers, it is bad for business, and, most importantly, it is bad for America. Here in the House, we aren’t accept-ing the status quo. If it doesn’t make sense, we are getting rid of it. If it is holding back innovation, we are chang-ing it. Mr. Speaker, we will surely consider more pieces of innovation initiative in the weeks and months to come. Unleashing the power of innovation, we will ensure American leadership now and into the future. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Mr. L
OUDERMILK is the chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee’s Oversight Subcommittee, and I appreciate all the work he has done on this bill. H.R. 5049, the NSF Major Research Facility Reform Act, is the second bill today that is part of Majority Leader M
CCARTHY ’s Innovation Initiative. We appreciate all of his efforts on this and other innovation bills, which now total 17. This legislation addresses an issue about which the Science, Space, and Technology Committee has expressed concerns for the last 2 years: the Na-tional Science Foundation past man-agement of major research facility projects. The Science, Space, and Technology Committee seeks to ensure that tax-payer dollars are spent on research in the national interest, not wasted on mismanagement and questionable costs. This bill achieves that goal. It ad-dresses gaps in project oversight and management through solutions identi-fied by the NSF inspector general, auditors, an outside review panel, and the Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s own oversight for a year and a half. Last year, in the wake of several re-ports of project waste and mismanage-ment, NSF Director France A. Cordova agreed to commission a study by the National Academy of Public Adminis-tration to take a closer look at how NSF could better manage large-scale research projects. The study’s report offered 13 recommendations to improve NSF’s management of cooperative agreements. Although NSF has begun to imple-ment some of the recommendations, there is still a need to implement four key measures addressed in this bill: preconstruction verification of total project cost, incurred cost audits dur-ing construction, better control over contingency funds, and proper use of taxpayer-funded management fees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.041 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3735 June 13, 2016 
The bill’s approach to these four re-forms ensures that no current or future large-scale research project faces the same financial mismanagement that plagued one of NSF’s largest projects, the $400 million National Ecological Observatory Network, called NEON. Last September, we learned that the project was likely to be $80 million overbudget and 18 months behind schedule. I recognize that the NSF is taking steps to better manage the cost of NEON, which include firing the man-agement organization; however, it is time to make systemic changes for all current and future major research projects. The accountability provisions in the bill have been developed with input from the minority, the NSF, and many stakeholders. We incorporated many of their suggestions during the markup of the bill in committee on April 27, and the bill was reported out of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee by voice vote. Our staff has continued to work with the minority on the report that was filed with the bill to make sure our in-tentions in the underlying bill are clear. Although I believe the current NSF leadership is committed to im-proving its management of these con-struction projects, we need to make sure that the NSF will make the sys-temic changes necessary in a timely and permanent fashion. This change of how the NSF does business should out-last the current administration. Many stakeholders have expressed support for the bill since it provides certainty for how the NSF will operate. All agencies as well as their grantees and contractors need to be held ac-countable for how they spend tax-payers’ hard-earned dollars. The basic responsibility of any government agen-cy is to act in the national interest. H.R. 5049 will reduce waste, fraud, and abuse and make more resources available for quality basic research. This will lead to scientific discoveries, spur technological innovation, create new industries, and provide better jobs for Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this good government accountability bill. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to know that this is a part of the innova-tion project. There are a number of good bills in the committee that we could really make a part of that pack-age. I have no further speakers, and I urge support of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this strong bipartisan measure. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ACARTHUR ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5049, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
DOTTERER FAMILY CELEBRATES 65 YEARS OF FARMING IN CLIN-TON COUNTY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late members of the Dotterer family in Clinton County on the 65th anniversary of the their farm, which they cele-brated earlier this month. The Dotterer farm was founded in 1951, when Paul and Jean Dotterer started with just 15 dairy cows and 147 acres. Their hard work paid off, since today the farm includes approximately 950 dairy cows and about 3,000 acres of land, which provides for a harvest of many different crops. The farm is now in its third generation. Members of the Dotterer family are proud that the milk from their farm is sold locally. In fact, it can be found on the shelves of grocery stores just miles away from their farm. As a member of the House Agri-culture Committee, I know how impor-tant farming is to not only Pennsylva-nia’s economy, but to our Nation. It is wonderful to see family farms that are being passed from generation to gen-eration, feeding their communities, our Nation, and the entire world. I wish the Dotterer family continued success and prosperity in the future. 
f 
ORLANDO TRAGEDY (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I am beyond heartbroken from the cir-cumstances of Orlando. I mourn with my fellow Americans the 50 lives lost, 53 people maimed and damaged by this preventable tragedy. 32,000 American lives are lost each year from gun violence. Every elected congressional Member has promised America that the safety of the people is what we or she or he will work on. We as a Congress do nothing to make our country safer. Why? Because you, Mr. Speaker, refuse to consider any legislation tied to gun violence. Why won’t you allow a hearing, a com-mittee discussion on the issue of gun violence? My moment of silence resolution is waiting for your signature. It would re-quire this House of Congress to hold a hearing on the tragedy in Orlando. It is time to act. The people are wait-ing on us to do our job. f 
8-YEAR-OLD VICTIM OF SEX SLAVERY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it happened right under the entire com-munity’s nose: 8-year-old Jen—that is correct, 8 years old—was raped and tor-tured almost on a daily basis. Jen was not kidnapped by a stranger or abused by a relative. She was sold for sex by a neighbor at the neighbor’s house. It was not just Jen who was sold for sex. It was also her younger sister, a male cousin, and a whole group of kids from her hometown of Norristown, Pennsyl-vania. She and her fellow victims were co-erced into participating and keeping it a secret through an elaborate con of gifts and threats. No one ever went looking for Jen because she was not ever missing. From 3 to 6 p.m., she was forced to have sex with strangers. The trafficking finally ended when she was about 10 years of age because the neighbor just disappeared. Mr. Speaker, sex slavery happens. As parents and grandparents, we need to know where our kids are because mon-sters that hurt victims must be pros-ecuted, both the sellers and the buyers, even if they are neighbors. The message is clear: Our children are not for sale. Leave them alone. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
ORLANDO, FLORIDA, TRAGEDY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise first of all to acknowledge my col-league, Congresswoman C
ORRINE  B
ROWN , in whose district this heinous, terroristic, hateful act occurred. I ac-knowledge my hometown of Houston, where, as I stand here today, they are mourning with memorials that will be held today, Tuesday, and Wednesday in solidarity with the people of Orlando, Florida. I also rise with great pain in joining my colleague, Congresswoman B
ROWN , to introduce legislation to push and to remind individuals about the violence that is taking place through the weap-ons of war that we are allowing to be sold on the streets of America. It is high time for this body to stop standing in memoriam and for a 1- minute speech and to pass the ban on assault weapons and high-caliber bul-lets that are destroying and killing and destroying and killing. It has been told that there were bodies whose legs were taken off by the bullets. I ask this body to recognize that we can no longer talk, talk, talk. We must do, do, do. We will fight till our last breath to demand that the Constitution be re-spected, Mr. Speaker—as I end—the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.043 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3736 June 13, 2016 
First Amendment, the right to free speech, and, yes, the Second Amend-ment, with the restrictions and the recognition that AR–15s are killing Americans. We must stop it now. 
f 
b1930 BRINGING TRANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY TO STATE EX-CHANGES (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank the Subcommittee on Health of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce for their recent hearing on my legislation, H.R. 4262, the Trans-parency and Accountability of Failed Exchanges Act. ObamaCare just had its sixth anni-versary. In those 6 years, we have learned just how disastrous ObamaCare is, exposing its many flaws. One of those being when the President freely gave money away to States to estab-lish State exchanges, he forgot a major piece of the puzzle. The administration failed to provide a solution to recover these funds when these State ex-changes failed. Since then, billions of taxpayer dol-lars have been spent, and exchanges in multiple States have failed. Well, what has happened to the money if the exchange failed? My legislation establishes a two-step plan to recover Federal funds. It con-ducts an audit to see how and where the money was spent and requires un-used funds be returned back to the Treasury for needed deficit reduction. Again, I thank the committee for their interest in H.R. 4262 and encour-age my colleagues to cosponsor this legislation. It is time to bring trans-parency and accountability to State exchanges. 
f 
HORRIFIC EVENTS IN ORLANDO (Mr. POCAN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, as we grap-ple with the horrific events that took place yesterday morning in Orlando, my thoughts are with the families of the victims and everyone affected dur-ing Pride Month. The targeting of LGBT individuals in this heinous act of violence has re-ignited many fears and uncertainty in our community. As a country, we must stand together to denounce bigotry and hatred and embrace love and accept-ance. President Barack Obama declared this an act of terror and an act of hate, an action perpetrated with a military- style assault weapon. Unfortunately, this week Congress won’t do a thing about any of these issues. In fact, all too often actions and language here in Congress and on the campaign trail ac-tually exacerbate would-be terrorists, and actions even on the floor of the House of Representatives all too often reinforce the hate of some people, in-cluding gays and lesbians. Unfortunately, this body is too chicken to address the epidemic of military-style assault weapons because that would upset the gun manufactur-ers and gun lobby. In the end, all we did, yet again, is have another moment of silence rather than a moment of action. That dis-respects the lives of the people who were killed not just yesterday, but every day by gun violence. There may be blood in the streets, but if Congress continues to fail to act, we will have blood on our hands. f 
ALYSSA FERGUSON IS A SPECIAL YOUNG LADY (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I would like to give an update to the folks back home about a special young lady, Alyssa Ferguson. I first talked on this floor about Alyssa when the Fort Bend Star told us her story. It was their third best story for 2015. I also spoke on this floor a sec-ond time about Alyssa the first time I met her. She threw out the first pitch, a strike, at a home game for our local pro baseball team, the Skeeters. Alyssa is special because what she has done when she heard that she had cancer. She used her only wish from the Make-A-Wish Foundation to give a water well to a small village in Africa. A few weeks ago, Alyssa and 100 kids with cancer enjoyed a Prom Party Palooza at Texas Children’s Hospital. Alyssa said: ‘‘Some people don’t make it to the real prom. It’s great we get a chance to experience that.’’ Keep fighting, Alyssa, and when you go to your real prom, there will be a long line waiting to be your date, and I will be at the front of that line. 
f 
TRAGEDY AT THE PULSE NIGHTCLUB (Ms. BROWN of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart. I have had the honor of representing Orlando, Florida, for the last 24 years. Yes, Or-lando is one of the number one destina-tions in the country and it is very so-phisticated and very diverse, but it is a family-oriented community. We have a very heavy heart. Although there are numerous unan-swered questions at this time, the fact that this attack took place at a night-club frequented by members of the LGBT community and that it took place as our Nation celebrates LGBT Pride Month leaves one to believe that this was motivated by deep hate and prejudice. I spent Sunday night and Monday in Orlando working to ensure that the State and local officials receive the Federal resources they need to make sure that this never happens again. Mr. Speaker, the community is com-ing together, but a little girl gave me this picture. This picture, so simple. This picture says ‘‘Orlando Strong.’’ Orlando is strong, but, you know, I don’t know how much longer we are going to stand and have a moment of silent prayer. A moment of silent prayer, and then what? You know, to whom God has given much, much is expected. He expects us to do more than stand and rise for a moment of silent prayer when one per-son killed over 50 people and sent out over a hundred bullets. It is just unac-ceptable. People around the world are looking at us, and they think there is something wrong with us. People in America, what is wrong with you? How much longer, how much longer are we going to rise for a mo-ment of silent prayer? Prayer without work is in vain. f 
RECOGNIZING THE JOHN S. JAMES COMPANY (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the John S. James Company in Savannah, Georgia, for receiving an ‘‘E’’ award from the United States Department of Com-merce. The ‘‘E’’ award is the highest honor the United States Government can give to an American exporter. The pres-tigious award was created by President Kennedy in 1961 as a way to distinguish companies who achieve excellence in exporting United States goods and products. This award was presented by the U.S. Secretary of Commerce to the John S. James Company on May 16, 2016, during World Trade Week. Founded in 1941, the John S. James Company has ex-celled in international freight for-warding, customs brokerage industries, transportation services, and cargo in-surance. The company has expanded into six locations across the South-eastern United States and provides shipping services across the globe. The John S. James Company is a great example of American success in the international market. I am very proud of this company in the First Congressional District of Georgia, and I wish them all the best in their future. 
f 
BUSINESS AS USUAL (Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.046 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3737 June 13, 2016 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker and Members, we have had another moment of silence, a moment of silence indicating that somehow we are concerned about what happened in Orlando, Florida. It is not good enough. How many times have we done this? Whether we are talking about Sandy Hook, where those babies were killed, or we are talking about North Carolina or we are talking about San Bernardino or Aurora, Colorado, we keep getting up with a moment of si-lence because we don’t want to deal with what is really going on. This Republican leadership is pitiful. It is disgusting that they don’t have the guts or the commitment to call it like it is and bring a bill to this floor to get rid of assault weapons. That weapon that killed those 50 people and harmed those other 53 is a weapon that is designed for war. Don’t tell me about your hunting concerns. This AR–15 has nothing to do with hunting. This is about killing. And so this leadership is spineless, it is gutless, and it deserves not to have the ability to get up on this floor and talk about responsibility or innovation—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia.—or any of this other stuff that they are talking about. I want to say over and over again, I don’t care if my time is up, you stop me from talking if you will. The fact of the matter is, we should all be on this. Business as usual? I don’t think so. We should have stopped everything this evening, concentrated on how we can get a bill to the floor. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. I know you don’t want me to talk while you are waiting for your talking points from the leadership. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman is no longer recognized. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. ***  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is prepared to recognize the gen-tleman from California. 
f 
PROPERTY RIGHTS EXEMPTION FOR FARMS (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, last Friday a Federal court in California made an almost unbelievable ruling that the Army Corps of Engineers could regulate the plowing of fields de-spite clear exemptions for normal farming activities in the Clean Water Act. Ruling against a family farm in my district, the court somehow found that the Corps was justified in attacking the farm for, believe it or not, planting wheat on land that had been used to grow wheat for decades. Wow. The nerve of this family, to grow crops on land historically used to grow crops. Rarely have we seen an administra-tion distort the legislative intent of Congress as it has in this instance. The Army Corps and EPA are ignoring lan-guage that exempts ‘‘normal farming, silviculture, and ranching activities such as plowing, seeding, cultivating, minor drainage, harvesting . . . ’’ and so on—exactly the activity that oc-curred in this instance. In other words, Congress clearly and unambiguously exempted day-to-day activities, and yet the administration continues work-ing to try to regulate them. Mr. Speaker, we have enacted lan-guage I have sponsored to defund this type of lawless regulation, and yet the administration continues. We must rein in this executive overreach and de-velop reforms that end this abuse once and for all. f 
THE DEADLIEST SHOOTING IN AMERICAN HISTORY (Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, the June 12 mass shooting at a club in Or-lando, Florida, was not only the dead-liest shooting in American history, it was one of the most heinous hate crimes and acts of terrorism this coun-try has ever seen. Too often hate crimes and acts of terrorism use guns. The epidemic overwhelmingly express the need to strengthen our gun laws. A stronger background check system will help prevent hate crimes and acts of terrorism to protect Americans from terrorists who want to attack our way of life. We must give the FBI the au-thority to block sales to suspected ter-rorists, and we must require back-ground checks for every gun sale in America. Mr. Speaker, no more silence. Let’s stand up as Americans, and in this Congress, and tell the American people, those who are mourning, and those across this country who have experi-enced this that we in Congress will do the work we were sent here to do, and that is to stand up and take action. 
f 
b1945 BRIDGING THE DIVIDE: A CALL TO ACTION BY THE CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS TO ELIMINATE RACIAL HEALTH DISPARITIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and add any extraneous materials relevant to the subject matter of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening, along with my colleague, Congressman HAKEEM JEFFRIES of the Eighth Congressional District of New York, for tonight’s Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour, Bridging the Divide: A Call to Action By the Congressional Black Caucus to Eliminate Racial Health Disparities. Mr. Speaker, tonight, the Congres-sional Black Caucus comes to the House floor to discuss our overarching goal of promoting equality for African Americans across the healthcare spec-trum. Mr. Speaker, it is well known that poverty, socioeconomic status, and health disparities are closely linked and latched together. For example, in-dividuals with low incomes tend to have more restricted access to medical care and face greater financial barriers to affordable health care, oftentimes contributing to health disparities. Last week, Mr. Speaker, the House Republicans released their Con-ference’s poverty plan called A Better Way. Unfortunately, but not unexpect-edly, this Republican antipoverty pro-posal isn’t a better way, Mr. Speaker. It isn’t even a new way. Quite frankly, Mr. Speaker, it is the wrong way. It uses the same trickle-down, discredited policies that House Republicans have put forth in the past. The House Republicans’ poverty elimination proposal would repeal the Affordable Care Act and undermine af-fordable, quality health coverage that millions of Americans are now enjoy-ing. It would also cut Medicaid, the Children’s Health Insurance Program that we refer to as CHIP, and it would end the Medicare guarantee—programs with proven successes, Mr. Speaker, in reducing health disparities. So this is, in part, why we are here tonight. We know that health coverage is the first step in securing better healthcare outcomes, and Medicaid and CHIP play a vital role in opening the doorway to the needed health care, especially for our children. As we address the most pressing chal-lenges in achieving health equity and equality for African Americans, I want hardworking American families to know that they have voices in Congress that aim to protect their safety, invest in their future, and provide affordable health care for all. With the Affordable Care Act, which every member of the Congressional Black Caucus supported when it passed, we have improved access. We have improved affordability and qual-ity of health care. So tonight, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank President Obama for moving the needle forward in helping American families and African American families across this great country and Nation to have the financial and health security that comes with health care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.049 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3738 June 13, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, we cannot repeal the ACA. We must continue to improve and strengthen it, and we will still have more work to do. The Congressional Black Caucus, from its very inception, has long been the voice for bridging the divide on ra-cial healthcare disparities. No, Mr. Speaker; we have been the voice for standing up for American people, and especially individuals who are African American, against all disparities. We will not only come to this floor to-night. We will continue our fight and we will continue to come to this floor. Tonight, you are going to hear a lot of our members weave together our poverty plan. You are going to have members talk about gun violence. You are going to have members talk about all lives matter. If we don’t end the gun violence, then we are not going to have a healthy nation. Tonight, I want to applaud my good friend and colleague, Congresswoman R
OBIN KELLY of the Second District of Illinois, chair of our Congressional Black Caucus Health Braintrust. I want to commend her for her report, the 2015 Kelly Report on Health Dis-parities in America, the official con-gressional analysis of the state of Afri-can Americans’ health in the United States, and her work on the 40 Under 40 Leaders in Health Awards, leaders under 40 who are physicians and med-ical professionals. And lastly, let me just thank her for her courage and her leadership for recognizing that all lives matter. We cannot come to this House floor and talk about poverty programs and health care and education and about fi-nance if we do not bridge the gap with gun violence. I salute her for no longer standing up until we make a difference. So tonight, we are coming, Mr. Speaker, with a strong call to action for us to keep this wonderful America healthy. You will hear from Congress-woman K
ELLY momentarily. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ), chairman of the Con-gressional Black Caucus. He is a chair-man who has been a longtime advocate and voice for not only the Congres-sional Black Caucus, but for his con-stituents in his congressional district in North Carolina. Tonight, he speaks for us. Tonight, he speaks for the call of action of us to bridge the gap. Mr. BUTTERFIELD. I thank Con-gresswoman B
EATTY for yielding to me this evening. This is such a sad evening for all of us because of the events in Orlando. I thank her so very much for having the strength to come to the floor tonight to manage the important topic that we are all so concerned about. I thank Congresswoman R
OBIN KELLY  for her incredible work chairing the CBC Health Braintrust and all the work she does related to health dispari-ties in this country. I thank all of my colleagues for their tireless work. Before I begin my remarks, let me just say that I sat on the floor a mo-ment ago and listened to Congress-woman CORRINE BROWN . It was an in-credible 1-minute speech she gave. I want to share in her sentiments this evening and align myself with the pain that she and her constituents are fac-ing in Orlando. The mass shootings were absolutely horrific and unthink-able, under any definition. They are just unthinkable. My prayers go out to the families in Orlando for their pain and for all that they are having to endure because of these mass shootings. As someone said a few moments ago, a moment of silence is not enough. It is time for this Congress to act. It is time for this body, Mr. Speaker, to have a serious debate about gun violence and to pass legislation that will deprive people the right to own a high-capacity assault weapon and high-caliber bullets and use them to kill innocent people. Now is the time. 136 mass shootings have taken place during the first 164 days of this year. It is a sad statistic that we must address. The United States is 5 percent of the world’s population, yet we are 31 per-cent of the mass shootings in the world. It is time to act. Let me talk about the topic tonight, very briefly. The Congressional Black Caucus has been committed to advancing access to affordable health care for all Ameri-cans so that we can eliminate racially based health disparities. That has been our mission for many years. Eliminating health disparities means addressing inequities in environ-mental, social, and economic condi-tions in all of our communities. By all measurable statistics, from health out-comes to participation in health pro-fessions, African Americans lag so far behind. For example, more than 40 percent of African Americans have high blood pressure—a rate that is one of the highest in the world. African Ameri-cans are more likely to develop hyper-tension at a younger age and are at higher risk of stroke, heart failure, end-stage renal disease, and death from heart disease. Stroke, Mr. Speaker, is the third leading cause of death in the United States. African Americans are 50 per-cent more likely to experience a stroke than White Americans. That is a fact. According to the Federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Afri-can American children are twice as likely to have asthma as White chil-dren, and Black children are 10 times more likely than White children to die of complications from asthma. African Americans were, on average, 6 years younger than Whites when they suffered sudden cardiac arrest. Cardiac arrest incidence among African Amer-ican men was 175 per 100,000; whereas, the incidence for White males was just 84 per 100,000. Cardiac arrest in African American women was 90 per 100,000, as opposed to 40 per 100,000 for Caucasian women. Another illness which disparately im-pacts the African American commu-nity is that of prostate cancer. In June of last year, I introduced the National Prostate Cancer Plan Act, a bipartisan bill which seeks to establish the Na-tional Prostate Cancer Council on Screening, Early Detection and Assess-ment and Monitoring of Prostate Can-cer. Prostate cancer impacts one in seven American men and is the second lead-ing cause of cancer-related deaths among men in the U.S., with nearly 30,000 deaths anticipated just this year. African American men are particularly vulnerable, as they are twice as likely to be diagnosed with prostate cancer and 2.5 times more likely to die from the disease than their White counter-parts. Just last week, House Republicans released their A Better Way agenda to address poverty, but that proposal, like others they have released, will not lift Americans out of poverty. In some cases, these types of proposals can ac-tually push low-income Americans even deeper into poverty, further lim-iting their access to health care and exacerbating health disparities. So, Mr. Speaker, it is time for us to continue our efforts to address the health disparities and barriers. That is what the Congressional Black Caucus is advocating the evening. We are going to continue this work until every dis-parity is removed. Mrs. BEATTY. I thank Congressman B
UTTERFIELD for making us aware of 136 mass shootings in 164 days of this year. Certainly, that is relevant to to-night’s topic, because whether it is death by guns or death by healthcare disparities, there are too many deaths. I think you said it so well when you provided the data and the statistics of African American men and their mor-tality rates and what is happening to them. And yes, African Americans lag behind, and that is why we stand with you bridging the gap and for this call of action. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) from the Second Congressional District, my colleague, my confidant, and my friend. She is a champion of expanding health care. She is a champion, Mr. Speaker, of making sure that we under-stand that healthcare disparities must end. She is the chair of the powerful and most prestigious Congressional Black Caucus Health Braintrust. She strives to increase healthcare opportunities for all: for our children, for our senior citizens, and for residents of the under-served communities. It is my honor to ask her to provide some information on today’s topic. b2000 Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues and my classmates, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ), my friend, and the distinguished gentleman from New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.050 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3739 June 13, 2016 
York (Mr. J EFFRIES ), for leading this important conversation about bridging the divide to eliminate racial health disparities. But I can’t weigh in on that topic until I first address the horrific events of yesterday in Orlando, Florida. Our Nation is horrified and heartbroken by the tragedy in Orlando. We are dis-gusted by this brutal attack. We will not tolerate terrorism or hate in any form against any group of people be-cause this is just not our way. These ideas of hate will not endure because there is not strength to them. We will win the battle against ter-rorism and intolerance. We will hold leaders accountable who put their NRA score ahead of the need to keep guns out of the hands of terror-ists. We will stand with the LGBTQ community and value their lives, their health, and their security from the threat of violence and hate. And we will work to see that all Americans enjoy the very same freedoms and pro-tections. We have done a lot of moments of si-lence, but I believe in showing respect through action, not silence, and that is why we are here this evening to discuss what divides us as a country in a health sense. For 45 years, the Congressional Black Caucus has been out front in Congress in fighting for these freedoms and pro-tections. And when it comes to the matter of health equity, I have worked to champion the health policy concerns of vulnerable communities as my pred-ecessors in the Congressional Black Caucus Health Braintrust, the Honor-able Louis Stokes and Dr. Christensen, have done. Some of my colleagues here know this, but I want to repeat it for anyone who doesn’t. Before he was killed, Mar-tin Luther King, Jr., was quoted as saying: ‘‘Of all the forms of inequality, injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane.’’ I couldn’t agree more, and as the chair of the Health Braintrust, I have worked with many of the people in this room to focus on advancing this crit-ical phase of the human rights and civil rights struggle: health equity. When Benjamin Franklin created the Nation’s first public hospital, The Pennsylvania Hospital, he did so in order to establish the promotion of public health as a core American value. He did so to care for our Nation’s dis-eased and sick poor. Nearly 300 years later, the Affordable Care Act cemented health care as a fundamental right for all Americans. Yet, today, we find ourselves at a crossroads in health care. Health dis-parities in communities of color con-tinue to be intractable hurdles in the quest to achieve health equity in America. African Americans are infected with HIV at a rate that is 8 times that of White Americans. While White women are more likely to have breast cancer, African Amer-ican women are 40 percent more likely to die from the disease. African Americans, Latinos, Asians, and Pacific Islanders, as well as Native Americans, are diagnosed with lupus two to three times more frequently than Caucasians. More than 13 percent of African Americans aged 20 or older have diag-nosed diabetes. And people of color are two to four times more likely than Whites to reach end-stage renal dis-ease. This grim snapshot illustrates that, despite the gains we have made since the days of Ben Franklin and the ACA, there is still much ground to cover in closing the health equity gap. Last year, I drafted a comprehensive report, The Kelly Report on Health Disparities, an official Congressional analysis of the state of minority health in the U.S. that offers a blueprint for reversing negative health trends in communities of color. The Kelly Report brought Members of Congress together, medical profes-sionals, and public health thought leaders to examine the root causes and impact of health disparities in Amer-ica, and provide a comprehensive set of legislative and policy recommenda-tions to address them. The whole can only ever be as healthy as its parts. For America to achieve true health equity, lawmakers, community leaders, and industry stakeholders must come together and aggressively work to reduce disparities nationwide. We all have a part to play in creating a healthier America. We must take heed of Dr. King’s words: ‘‘Of all the forms of inequality, injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane.’’ And we can and we must fix that. Again, because of what happened in Orlando, and I want to say it is the mass shooting that we are talking about, and it is tragic, but the night before, one person was shot. And I often liken this to a 747 crash as we talk about that, but we don’t talk about the two-seater. And that two- seater, the person that died alone in that club after she sung Friday night has a brother, a mother, a father, and their pain is just as harsh. So let’s not forget that young lady that lost her life. And she did not lose her life to someone that was Muslim or someone that believed in ISIS. She lost her life to an American young man, a Cauca-sian. Mrs. BEATTY. I thank the gentle-woman from Illinois, (Ms. K
ELLY ). And how appropriate for tonight for the gentlewoman to remind us, as I ask her to constantly do, about why we must, to put it in her words, come together. We must do something. Madam Speaker, tonight we say to you and to our Republican colleagues: Come together and do something. I say to the gentlewoman, Congress-woman K
ELLY : Let today serve as a turning point in our Nation’s ongoing struggle to stamp out hate of all forms. We must mourn those who lost their family members, but we must do more than mourn. We must have action. If we are going to have a hope for a better America, hate has no place in this great Nation. So I thank the gentlewoman, and I will continue to remind others that we know firsthand what it does to our community. But, Madam Speaker, we stand here tonight speaking to all communities. But here is what we know. The NAACP has shared with us that African Amer-ican children and teens accounted for 45 percent of all child and teen gun deaths in 2008 and 2009, but were only 15 percent of the total child population. The FBI says that approximately 47 percent of victims of the 165,000 homi-cides from 2000 to 2010, including over 111,000 gun-related homicides, were Black. The Children’s Defense Fund, Madam Speaker, says that in 2010, Black males between the ages of 15 and 19 were nearly 30 times more likely to die in a gun homicide than White males of the same age, and more than three times more likely to die in a gun homicide than Hispanic males of the same age. So, Madam Speaker, tonight you will hear us repeatedly make a call for ac-tion. You will hear us repeatedly quote great leaders. And I think it is worth quoting again what Congresswoman KELLY said, in the words of Dr. Martin Luther King: ‘‘Of all the forms of in-equality, injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane’’ of all inequalities, of all injustices. As we speak of great leaders, it is, in-deed, my honor and my privilege to ask my colleague, the gentleman from the 10th Congressional District of New Jer-sey (Mr. P
AYNE ), a man who has made a name for himself, a man who under-stands firsthand as a father of triplets, as a spouse, as a ranking member on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, a man who has been at the forefront in his commu-nity, a man who served before coming here as an elected official, but, more importantly, a person who understands health disparities and the call for ac-tion—it gives me great honor to yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) to share some wisdom with us tonight. Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, I first want to start by thanking Congress-woman B
EATTY for that very kind and generous introduction. We, in our class, are very proud of our colleagues, and we support each other in times of need. I just would like to also congratulate and acknowledge Congressman H
AKEEM  J
EFFRIES , the gentleman from New York, who is also host of this Special Order. I appreciate the opportunity to discuss an issue that is very personal to me. Before I begin, I just want to say that my heart goes out to the families and friends of the victims of the horrible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.052 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3740 June 13, 2016 
tragedy in Orlando, and I can only imagine what they are going through. The other thing that is illuminating to me is that, as we came here and stood up for a moment of silence, after that moment of silence, I believe Mem-bers were given a 1-minute opportunity to speak on any topic that they would like to on the floor, as is customary, and not one person from the other side of the aisle mentioned what happened in Orlando. So not only was it a moment of si-lence for the leadership in this House, but it appears that it is going to be a moment that remains silent or a topic that remains silent from the other side of the aisle. Madam Speaker, eliminating racial- based health disparities depends on our ability to advance access to affordable health care for all. Even in the 21st century, health disparities are stark, especially in the African American communities, where life expectancies are lower and infant mortality rates are higher than among Whites. Today, despite improvement in over-all health in the United States, African Americans and other minority popu-lations lag behind in numerous health areas, including access to quality care, timelines of care, and health outcomes. For years, the Congressional Black Caucus has called on Republicans to join us and other House Democrats in developing a plan to eliminate racial health disparities, a plan that address-es the causes of health disparities, such as inequities in environmental, social, and economic conditions in our com-munities. Instead, we get from them proposals like their so-called A Better Way pov-erty proposal, a stale, repackaging of failed policies presented under the guise of concern about Americans trapped in poverty. Cutting job training programs, food assistance, and Head Start will push low-income Americans further into poverty, making it even more difficult for them to access the affordable and quality health care needed to secure their well-being and the well-being of their families. We need to, instead, use the government as a source of good. Every American deserves to live in a safe and healthy environment. Yet, low-income and minority communities are much more exposed to high levels of pollution, resulting in serious health problems such as asthma, heart prob-lems, and cancer. This is a very real problem across America, a very real problem in my district. Thirteen million people, in-cluding 3.5 million children, are con-centrated in the vicinity of transpor-tation facilities and are exposed to unhealthy levels of air pollution. b2015 My district is home to the Port New-ark-Elizabeth Marine Terminal, part of the Port of New York and New Jersey, the third largest port in the country. According to the EPA, 25 percent of children in Newark suffer from asth-ma—three times the State average. What we need are additional Federal actions to reduce harmful air pollution from ports and congested components of the national freight transportation system. The issue is critical to the low- income and minority community who suffer the disproportionately adverse health effects of these environmental hazards. Now, since I am on the topic of envi-ronmental justice, I just want to re-mind everyone that the Republicans continue to block any action to help the thousands of children facing life-long damage from drinking poisoned water in Flint, including a vote to block the Families of Flint Act emer-gency supplemental. Their radical re-fusal to address this health issue will have tragic consequences for American families, and, I think it is representa-tive of their overall inadequate ap-proach to health disparities in minor-ity communities. The way to eliminate racial health disparities is neither to downplay them nor to cut programs that will assist the most vulnerable. It is to address the environmental, social, and economic conditions that exacerbate those dis-parities. It is to expand access to qual-ity health care that could eliminate or reduce the onset of many of these chronic illnesses and disproportionate health outcomes. It is to maintain and strengthen our investments in healthcare access and resources for dis-advantaged populations. In closing, Madam Speaker, I also want to stress that health education must also be a focus in any efforts to eliminate racial-based health dispari-ties. African Americans and other com-munities are disproportionately af-fected by poor provider-patient com-munication and health literacy issues. Consequently, they often do not have access to information that enables them to make the appropriate health decisions. We have a responsibility to work with our healthcare institutions and community health centers to make it easier for people to find, understand, and use the information and services. As co-chair of the Congressional Men’s Health Caucus, I have hosted and participated in a number of outreach events in my district to engage di-rectly with constituents about the im-portance of making positive health de-cisions and staying proactive about their health and well-being. So I en-courage everyone watching at home to get the information you need to make smart health decisions, to get the secu-rity you and your family deserve, and to get the health care that we all need. Mrs. BEATTY. I thank Congressman P
AYNE so much for giving us such com-pelling information and data and re-minding us that the time is now for us to enact those programs that work, and the time is now for us to under-stand what is at risk. Also, let me thank the gentleman for his role on the Congressional Men’s Health Caucus. At this time, I yield to the gentle-woman from the State of Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). The gentlewoman from the 18th Congressional District of Texas is someone who I am always amazed when she comes to the mic, someone who is well researched, and someone who delivers an oratorical message that makes us take pause and pay attention. Tonight, I would like to say that Congresswoman S
HEILA JACKSON LEEis a movement. Earlier, I heard her use that word in talk about how we, Madam Speaker, must be the move-ment against violence, that we must be leading that movement against these disparities in health care. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, there is no doubt how much I appre-ciate the Congressional Black Caucus and Congresswoman B
EATTY and Con-gressman J
EFFRIES for always being timely in allowing us to give a message to our colleagues. We hope maybe the American people will hear us, but we accept that this body is the body to which and to whom we speak. So I am thankful for that. I want to pay tribute, overall, to the Congressional Black Caucus because we are actually here speaking of health disparities, because it was the caucus that triggered this debate through the years that we have been trying to get universal access to health care and was the moving force in the 2009, 2008, and 2010 passage, ultimately, of the Afford-able Care Act, where the work that we did, joining Congresswoman Donna Christian-Christiansen, at that time, and F
RANK PALLONE on the Congres-sional Health Caucus, but on the CBC we had the health disparities task to ensure that the language in the Afford-able Care Act addressed the issue of health disparities. There was a large section on that that built on some of the work that some of us had already done creating the Office of Minority Health that I had worked on in years past. So it was the lightning bolt of the caucus, and then working with the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus and then the Congressional Hispanic Cau-cus that we raised the issue that no one was talking about. I remember debating on the floor of the House on the issues of dealing with senior citizen African American men and how they access health care, how do women access health care, and how do women impacted by diabetes access health care. These are some of the dis-eases that have a proclivity to the Af-rican American population. We were finding out that we even had an issue where medical professionals didn’t know how to ask the questions. How do you address someone who needs to be diagnosed for prostate cancer or may be diagnosed for prostate cancer and is an African American male, a senior citizen? My father ultimately died from cancer that metastasized from the prostate to the lungs and the brain, so we knew we had a serious issue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.053 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3741 June 13, 2016 
So today, I want to mention four points, but I am going to focus on the last one, obesity—a question of access to health care and physical fitness. Many times we live in areas where there is no access to a pool or a tennis court. Mental health—if you lived your life in a segregated America, if you were called ‘‘Boy’’ and ‘‘Girl,’’ it is a different mental health situation than maybe others may have faced. If you live in a situation of poverty, of a sin-gle household, maybe—this is not across the board—these issues will be impacted. If you lived around gun vio-lence, if you saw your 15-year-old friend being shot dead in the street, there is a question of mental health that we need access to that care for us to be able to reach out or maybe coun-selors to be able to provide for chil-dren. HIV/AIDS is something that we have lived through. I remember going to fu-nerals of friends in the 1980s and into the 1990s, particularly with HIV/AIDS. So we have worked in the Congres-sional Black Caucus to massively talk about testing. Let me get to this point that I want to dwell just for a moment on, and that is gun violence. I was here on the floor earlier with my head held down and my heart heavy as my district, today, had a memorial. They had one yesterday. We will have one tomorrow and have one on Wednesday. I mourn with Con-gresswoman C
ORINNE BROWN of Florida. We are offering legislation dealing with the assault weapons and to com-plement legislation already passed or already in place. But it is important to note that this is a health issue, because the Centers for Disease Control can as-sess and study every health issue that faces America today, but they are leg-islatively, by law, prohibited by my friends on other side of the aisle, by Republicans, disallowed every year to give them permission to study gun vio-lence. Gun violence is killing our children and killing our families. In Orlando, it killed Latinos who happened to be the attendees at the Pulse Club. The LGBTQ community was the dominant community, and a hateful terroristic act using AR–15s and Glock guns killed them. The incident was the deadliest mass shooting. The next deadliest incidents in recent history were April 16, 2007, Virginia Tech, 32 killed, 17 injured; De-cember 14, 2012, Sandy Hook, 26 killed, 1 injured; October 16, 1991, Killeen, Texas, 23 killed, 27 injured. According to Everytown index of mass shootings where four or more people are shot and killed, the incident was the ninth mass shooting in the United States in 2016, and the 150th mass shooting in United States since January 1, 2009. The mass shooting with guns impacts both the mental health, the sanctity, and the minority community. It is shameful that we are not allowed to engage in the kind of research that a Harvard professor talked about, and that is the assessing of violence and the assessing of violence with guns. The materials I have before me make it very clear that most of these violent acts are done with guns—done with guns. San Bernardino, Chattanooga, Charleston, Garland, Oak Creek, and Fort Hood were all done with guns. So I stand here today to challenge this issue of health disparities to say that the heavy brunt of killings, sin-gular killings, are impacted by pov-erty, lack of access to health care, the proliferation of guns in our inner city communities, and the failure of the United States Congress to put real gun safety legislation, closing the loophole, the Jim Clyburn rule that says that, if you don’t get the review and approval by ATF, you do not get the gun. You have to wait until you get the approval from ATF, which may be trying to de-termine whether this person with mul-tiple problems, mental health or back-ground issues, doesn’t need to get a gun and then ultimately go kill their spouse, their children, their neighbors, their family members or strangers. So it is my belief today that this health disparities debate is crucial, and we should come away from here recog-nizing that obesity, the issues of men-tal health and HIV/AIDS can be, with great investment, researched for cures, or cancer that proliferates in our com-munity, triple negative breast cancer, legislation that I have put forward and have gotten passed about that impact. But it is the gun violence that we are doing absolutely nothing about. The disparities and the impact on minority communities is atrocious. I want to close simply by saying the word or the acronym LGBTQ commu-nity. I want to say it over and over again, because I think it is shameful that, in our debate, in our recognition of the tragedy of Orlando, that we don’t acknowledge the horrific hate crime and the hatefulness against that community. As I stand here, that com-munity is diverse, and there are Afri-can Americans who are LGBTQ. So I would ask that, as we move for-ward this week, we will be reminded of this hatefulness and we will have a cure. We will be reminded of this vio-lence, and we will have a cure. That cure, first of all, will be to restrain the use of assault weapons and these weap-ons of war-type bullets that men and women in the United States military say have no business on the streets of America. I believe, Congresswoman, that health disparities are an important wall and division to overcome. I thank the gentlewoman for having this Spe-cial Order to ensure that we will con-front these issues and try to save lives. Racial disparities refer to the variation in rates of disease occurrence and disabilities between socioeconomic and/or geographically defined population groups. I want to focus on four areas of racial dis-parities in health that impact African Ameri-cans that we can do something about: 1. Obe-sity; 2. Mental Health; 3. HIV/AIDS; and 4. Gun Violence. African Americans, based on 2015 Census data, comprise 13.2 percent of the U.S. popu-lation, or about 42 million people. Socioeconomic status, in turn, is linked to mental health: People who are impoverished, homeless, incarcerated or have substance abuse problems are at higher risk for poor mental health. As the founder and chair of the Congres-sional Children’s Caucus, I am especially con-cerned about the childhood obesity epidemic among African-American youth. More than 40 percent of African American teenagers are overweight, and nearly 25 per-cent are obese. The percentage of children aged 6–11 years in the United States who were obese in-creased from 7 percent in 1980 to nearly 18 percent in 2012. African American youth are consuming less nutritious foods such as fruits and vegetables and are not getting enough physical exercise. This combination has led to an epidemic of obesity, which directly contributes to numerous deadly or life-threatening diseases or condi-tions, including the following: Hypertension; Dyslipidemia (High Cholesterol or High Triglyceride Levels); Type 2 Diabetes; Coro-nary Heart Disease; Stroke; Gallbladder Dis-ease; Osteoarthritis; Asthma, bronchitis, sleep apnea, and other respiratory problems; Cancer (Breast, Colon, and Endometrial). When ethnicity and income are considered, the picture is even more troubling. African American youngsters from low-in-come families have a higher risk for obesity than those from higher-income families. Efforts such as the Let’s Move! Campaign by the First Lady are pivotal to ensuring that communities are able to provide healthy snacks and food and encourage healthier de-cisions. Since the mid-1970s, the prevalence of overweight and obesity has increased sharply for both adults and children. Non-Hispanic blacks have the highest age- adjusted rates of obesity at 47.8 percent. According to the CDC, 37.6 percent of men and 56.9 percent of women twenty years and over are obese. Every year, more than 40 million Americans struggle with mental illness. African American men are as likely as any-one else to have mental illness, but they are less likely to get help. Racism continues to have an impact on the mental health of African Americans. Negative stereotypes and attitudes of rejec-tion have decreased, but continue to occur with measurable, adverse consequences. Historical and contemporary instances of negative treatment have led to a mistrust of authorities, many of whom are not seen as having the best interests of African Americans in mind. According to the Department of Health and Human Services Office of Minority Health: Adult blacks are 20 percent more likely to report serious psychological distress than adult whites. Adult blacks living below poverty are two to three times more likely to report serious psy-chological distress than those living above poverty. Adult blacks are more likely to have feelings of sadness, hopelessness, and worthlessness than are adult whites. How African Americans view mental health over generations is a major barrier to access-ing mental health services and treatment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.054 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3742 June 13, 2016 
In 1996, MHA commissioned a national sur-vey on clinical depression. The survey explored the barriers preventing Americans seeking treatment and gauged overall knowledge of and attitudes toward de-pression. This survey revealed that: 63 percent of African Americans believe that depression is a personal weakness. This is significantly higher than the overall survey average of 54 percent. Only 31 percent of African Americans be-lieved that depression was a ‘‘health problem.’’ African Americans were more likely to be-lieve that depression was ‘‘normal’’ than the overall survey average. 56 percent believed that depression was a normal part of aging. 45 percent believed it was normal for a mother to feel depressed for at least two weeks after giving birth. 40 percent believed it was normal for a hus-band or wife to feel depressed for more than a year after the death of a spouse. Many of these problems persist to this day. As Doctor William Lawson of Howard Univer-sity (and MHA’s District of Columbia affiliate) pointed out in an NPR interview in 2012, ‘‘Many African-Americans have a lot of nega-tive feelings about, or not even aware of men-tal health services. The ‘‘Mental Health: Culture, Race and Eth-nicity Supplement’’ to the 1999 U.S. Surgeon General’s Report on Mental Health, states the following: African-American physicians are five times more likely than white physicians to treat Afri-can-American patients. African-American patients who see African- American physicians rate their physicians’ styles of interaction as more participatory. African Americans seeking help for a mental health problem would have trouble finding Afri-can American mental health professionals: In 1998, only 2 percent of psychiatrists, 2 per-cent of psychologists and 4 percent of social workers said they were African Americans. The public mental health safety net of hos-pitals, community health centers, and local health departments are vital to many African Americans, especially to those in high-need populations. African Americans of all ages are underrep-resented in outpatient treatment but over-rep-resented in inpatient treatment. Few African-American children receive treat-ment in privately funded psychiatric hospitals, but many receive treatment in publicly funded residential treatment centers for emotionally disturbed youth. In 2012, there were an estimated 356,268 inmates with severe mental illnesses in U.S. prisons and jails. There were only 35,000 mentally ill individ-uals in state psychiatric hospitals. The report, ‘‘The Treatment of Persons With Mental Illness in Prisons and Jails,’’ jails ‘‘in 44 of the 50 states and the District of Colum-bia, a prison or jail in that state holds more in-dividuals with serious mental illness than the largest remaining state psychiatric hospital.’’ the report said. African Americans today are overrepre-sented in our jails and prisons. People of color account for 60 percent of the prison population. The Stanford Law School Three Strikes Project’s report stated that, ‘‘over the past 15 years, the number of mentally ill people in prison in California has almost doubled.’’ In California, 45 percent of state prison in-mates have been treated for severe mental ill-ness within the past year. African Americans also account for 14 per-cent of regular drug users, but for 37 percent of drug arrests. Illicit drug use is frequently associated with self-medication among people with mental ill-nesses. In January 2014, the Texas Observer re-ported that, of the 9,000 inmates in Harris County Jail more than 25 percent take medi-cation for mental illness, which means that the jail treats more psychiatric patients than all 10 of Texas’ state-run public mental hospitals combined. The passage of the Affordable Care Act cre-ated access to health care for those who pur-chase health insurance and for the poor living in states that are participating in the Medicaid component of the ACA. Disparities can occur, if physicians do not refer patients with signs of mental illness for proper treatment or if referred patients do not seek out treatment. Disparities in access to care and treatment for mental illnesses have also persisted over time. As noted by the Office of Minority Health: Only 8.7 percent of adult blacks, versus 16 percent of adult whites, received treatment for mental health concerns in 2007–2008. Only 6.2 percent of adult blacks, versus 13.9 percent of adult whites, received medica-tions for mental health concerns during 2008. While 68.7 percent of adult whites with a major depressive episode in 2009 received treatment, only 53.2 percent of adult blacks did. The Affordable Care Act will have an impact on this gap by 2016. Depression and other mental illness can be deadly if left untreated. Suicide is the third leading cause of death among African Americans 15 to 24 years old. Untreated mental illness can also make Afri-can American men more vulnerable to sub-stance abuse, homelessness, incarceration, and homicide. African Americas are the racial/ethnic group most affected by HIV in the United States. According to the CDC, 44 percent (19,540) of estimated new HIV Diagnoses in the United States were among African Americans, who comprise 12 percent of the US population. HIV/AIDs are now the leading cause of death among African Americans ages 25 to 44—ahead of heart disease, accidents, can-cer, and homicide. At the end of 2012, an estimated 496,500 African Americans were living with HIV, rep-resenting 41 percent of all Americans living with the Virus. Of African Americans living with HIV, around 14 percent do not know they are infected. African Americans accounted for an esti-mated 44 percent of all new HIV infections among adults and adolescents (aged 13 years or older) in 2010, despite representing only 12 percent of the U.S. population. HIV is a sexually transmitted disease or STD; it is also spread through intravenous drug use. HIV infections spread through sharing of needles has declined with needle programs, while the STD rates of infection among African Americans has increased at rate higher than any other ethnic group. Have their HIV status checked—not once but annually. Know the HIV status of sexual partner. If HIV positive: Know how to get on antiviral medication, 2 small pills taken each day, and stay on them. Where to go for information if you or your partner is HIV positive. In 2010, men accounted for 70 percent 
(14,700) of the estimated 20,900 new HIV in-fections among all adult and adolescent Afri-can Americans. The estimated rate of new HIV infections for African American men (103.6/100,000 popu-lation) was 7 times that of white men, twice that of Latino men, and nearly 3 times that of African American women. In 2010, African American gay, bisexual, and other men who have sex with men rep-resented an estimated 72 percent (10,600) of new infections among all African American men and 36 percent of an estimated 29,800 new HIV infections among all gay and bisex-ual men. Of those gay and bisexual men, 39 percent (4,321) were young men aged 13 to 24. According to the CDC, the numbers of new HIV diagnoses among African American women fell 42 percent between 2005 to 2014, but it is still high compared to women of other races/ethnicities. Most new HIV infections among African American women (87 percent; 5,300) are at-tributed to heterosexual contact. In 2012, there were 72,010 Texans living with HIV/AIDS. Texas has the 10th highest number of HIV diagnoses in 2013 and ranks 18th for deaths from HIV. Currently 14 percent of the people living with HIV are undiagnosed and only 30 percent of the people with HIV are virally suppressed, which means that 70 percent of the people who are ill are not on medication that can help limit their ability to infect others. HIV is an unnecessarily disproportionate burden on the African American and Latino community. There is a wall of misinformation about the illness and an uncomfortable silence regarding the need to speak about the illness not only to the young, but also the older persons. When treatments were first developed in the 1990s they had lots of side effects that made patients very ill. Few talk about the advances in HIV treat-ment that now involve taking 2 small pills a day with the result leaving patients feeling healthy and able to engage in life’s normal ac-tivities. The virus count for those who take their medication is so low that it often does not reg-ister in tests. This does not mean that people are cured, but it does mean that there is no reason not to get tested so that you know if you are in need of treatment. Anyone can become infected—so it is up to all of us to educate our families, neighbors, co-workers and friends about getting tested. There are some insurance company prac-tices that have a detrimental impact on the ability of people with HIV to enroll in qualified health insurance plans. In states like Texas that are not fully partici-pating in the Affordable Care Act’s Medicaid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.029 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3743 June 13, 2016 
expansion this is especially problematic for HIV patients who are poor. Some states allow insurance carriers to post misleading or intentionally vague formularies on market place websites or excluding essen-tial HIV medications from drug formularies and impressing high cost sharing. Out of pocket medication cost each month should be capped. Mrs. BEATTY. Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman S
HEILA JACKSON  L
EEfor reminding us that we should be done with guns like the assault weap-ons. I thank the gentlewoman for re-minding us of the impact that health disparities have on our communities in this Nation. b2030 Madam Speaker, I have two docu-ments that will be entered into the R
ECORD . The first document is from Congress-woman E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON . I would like to state for the R
ECORD that she was the first nurse to serve in this United States Congress. And the sec-ond is a portion of the Special Feature on Racial and Ethnic Health Dispari-ties: 30 Years After the Heckler Report. 
SPECIAL FEATURE ON RACIAL AND ETHNIC  H
EALTH DISPARITIES : 30 Y EARS AFTER THE  H
ECKLER REPORT  
INTRODUCTION  The 1985 Report of the Secretary’s Task Force on Black and Minority Health, re-leased by then Secretary of Health and Human Services Margaret Heckler, docu-mented significant disparities in the burden of illness and mortality experienced by blacks and other minority groups in the U.S. population compared with whites (41). The report laid out an ambitious agenda, includ-ing improving minority access to high-qual-ity health care, expanding health promotion and health education outreach activities, in-creasing the number of minority health care providers, and enhancing federal and state data collection activities to better report on minority health issues. In the 30 years since the Heckler Report, national efforts to im-prove minority health through outreach, programming, and monitoring have included the formation of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Office of Minor-ity Health in 1986 (42); the annual National Healthcare Quality and Disparities Reports first issued in 2003 (43); the adoption of dis-parities elimination as an overarching goal of Healthy People 2010 (44); and most re-cently, an HHS Action Plan to Reduce Ra-cial and Ethnic Health Disparities—a com-prehensive federal commitment to reduce and eventually eliminate disparities in health and health care (45). Race is a social construct influenced by a complex set of factors (46,47). Because of the complexity and difficulty in conceptualizing and defining race, as well as the increasing representation of racial and ethnic sub-groups in the United States, racial classi-fication and data collection systems con-tinue to evolve and expand. In 1977, the Of-fice of Management and Budget (OMB) re-quired that all federal data collection efforts collect data on a minimum of four race groups (American Indian or Alaskan Native, black, Asian or Pacific Islander, and white) and did not allow the reporting of more than one race (48). In 1997, in response to growing interest in more detailed reporting on race and ethnicity, OMB mandated data collec-tion for a minimum of five race groups, split-ting Asian or Pacific Islander into two cat-egories (Asian, and Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander) (49). In addition, the 1997 standards allowed respondents to report more than one race. A minimum of two cat-egories for data collection on ethnicity, ‘‘Hispanic or Latino’’ and ‘‘Not Hispanic or Latino,’’ were also required under the 1997 OMB standards. Consequently, whereas the Heckler Report primarily documented black- white differences in health and mortality due to data limitations, this Special Feature is able to report on more detailed racial and ethnic groups. For example, Figures 19–21 display trends in infant mortality and low- risk cesarean section deliveries, and the cur-rent data on preterm births for five His-panic-origin groups. At the time of the Heckler Report, 22.3% of the population were considered racial or eth-nic minorities (Table 1). Current Census (2014) estimates identify 37.9% of the popu-lation as racial or ethnic minorities (50). In 2014, Hispanic persons, who may be of any race, comprised 17.4% of the U.S. population. Non-Hispanic multiple race persons were 2.0% of the population. For the single race groups, non-Hispanic American Indian or Alaska Native persons were 0.7%, non-His-panic Asian persons were 5.3%, non-Hispanic black persons were 12.4%, non-Hispanic Na-tive Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander per-sons were 0.2%, and non-Hispanic white per-sons were 62.1% of the U.S. population in 2014 (50). Understanding the demographic and socio-economic composition of U.S. racial and eth-nic groups is important because these char-acteristics are associated with health risk factors, disease prevalence, and access to care, which in turn drive health care utiliza-tion and expenditures. Non-Hispanic white persons are, on average, older than those in other racial and ethnic groups, with a me-dian age of 43.1 years, and Hispanic individ-uals are the youngest, with a median age of 28.5 years in 2014 (50). About one-quarter of black only persons (26.2%) and Hispanic per-sons (23.6%) lived in poverty compared with 10.1% of non-Hispanic white only persons and 12.0% of Asian only persons in 2014 (51). Non- Hispanic black only children and Hispanic children were particularly likely to live in poverty (37.3% and 31.9%, respectively, in 2014) (52). However, Hispanic individuals are often found to have quite favorable health and mortality patterns in comparison with non-Hispanic white persons and particularly with non-Hispanic black persons, despite having a disadvantaged socioeconomic pro-file—a pattern termed the epidemiologic par-adox (53). HHS defines a racial or ethnic health dis-parity as ‘‘a particular type of health dif-ference that is closely linked with social, economic, and/or environmental disadvan-tage. Health disparities adversely affect groups of people who have systematically ex-perienced greater obstacles to health based on their racial or ethnic group’’ (54). There are many different ways to measure racial and ethnic differences in health and mor-tality, which can lead to different conclu-sions (55–58). This Special Feature on Racial and Ethnic Health Disparities (Special Fea-ture) uses the maximal rate difference, one of three overall measures used in Healthy People 2020 to measure differences among groups of people (see Technical Notes). The maximal rate difference is an overall meas-ure of health disparities calculated as the ab-solute difference between the highest and lowest group rates in the population for a given characteristic (59). The identification of groups that experience the highest and lowest rates in this Special Feature was based on observed rates and was not tested for a statistically significant difference against other rates. Ties in highest or lowest rates were resolved by examining decimal places. With respect to changes in health dis-parities over time, tracking the maximal rate difference over time enables one to de-termine whether the absolute difference be-tween the highest and lowest group rates is increasing, decreasing, or stable. The Special Feature charts that follow provide detailed comparisons of key meas-ures of mortality, natality, health condi-tions, health behaviors, and health care ac-cess and utilization, by race, race and eth-nicity, or by detailed Hispanic origin, de-pending on data availability. A majority of the 10 graphs in this year’s Special Feature present trends in health from 1999–2014. Re-sults indicate that trends in health were gen-erally positive for the overall population and several graphs illustrate success in nar-rowing gaps in health by racial and ethnic group. Differences in life expectancy, infant mortality, cigarette smoking among women, influenza vaccinations among those aged 65 and over, and health insurance coverage nar-rowed among the racial and ethnic groups. For example, the absolute difference in in-fant mortality rates between infants born to non-Hispanic black mothers (highest rate) and infants born to non-Hispanic Asian or Pacific Islander mothers (lowest rate) nar-rowed between 1999–2014. Differences by ra-cial and ethnic group in the prevalence of high blood pressure and smoking among adult men remained stable throughout the study period, with non-Hispanic black adults more likely to have high blood pressure than adults in other racial and ethnic groups throughout the period, and non-Hispanic black and non-Hispanic white males more likely to be current smokers than Hispanic and non-Hispanic Asian men. For low-risk cesarean sections, influenza vaccinations among adults aged 18–64, and unmet dental care needs, the gap widened among the racial and ethnic groups between 1999–2014. Despite improvements over time in many of the health measures presented in this Spe-cial Feature, disparities by race and eth-nicity were found in the most recent year for all 10 measures, indicating that although progress has been made in the 30 years since the Heckler Report, elimination of dispari-ties in health and access to health care has yet to be achieved. 
LIFE EXPECTANCY AT BIRTH  In 2014, life expectancy was longer for His-panic men and women than for non-Hispanic white or non-Hispanic black men and women. Life expectancy is a measure often used to gauge the overall health of a population. Life expectancy at birth represents the average number of years that a group of infants would live if the group were to experience the age-specific death rates present in the year of birth. Differences in life expectancy among various demographic subpopulations, including racial and ethnic groups, may re-flect subpopulation differences in a range of factors such as socioeconomic status, access to medical care, and the prevalence of spe-cific risk factors in a particular subpopula-tion (60,61). During 1980–2014, life expectancy at birth in the United States increased from 70.0 to 76.4 years for males and from 77.4 to 81.2 years for females (Table 15, and data table for Figure 18). During this period, life expect-ancy at birth for males and females was longest for white persons and shortest for black persons. For both males and females, racial differences in life expectancy at birth narrowed, but persisted during 1980–2014. Life expectancy at birth was 6.9 years longer for white males than for black males in 1980, and this difference narrowed to 4.2 years in 2014. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.031 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3744 June 13, 2016 
In 1980, life expectancy at birth was 5.6 years longer for white females than for black fe-males, and this difference narrowed to 3.0 years in 2014. In 2014, Hispanic males and females had the longest life expectancy at birth, and non-His-panic black males and females had the short-est. In 2014, life expectancy at birth was 7.2 years longer for Hispanic males than for non- Hispanic black males and 5.9 years longer for Hispanic females than for non-Hispanic black females. 
INFANT MORTALITY  During 1999–2013, infant mortality rates were highest among infants born to non-His-panic black women (11.11 infant deaths per 1,000 live births in 2013). Infant mortality, the death of a baby be-fore his or her first birthday, is an important indicator of the health and wellbeing of a country. It not only measures the risk of in-fant death but it is used as an indicator of maternal health, community health status, and availability of quality health services and medical technology (62,63). The infant mortality rate in the United States decreased from 7.04 infant deaths per 1,000 live births in 1999 to 6.75 in 2007, and then decreased at a faster rate to 5.96 in 2013. Trends in infant mortality rates during 1999– 2013 varied among the five racial and ethnic groups. During 1999–2013, infants born to non- Hispanic black mothers experienced the highest rates of infant mortality (11.11 in 2013) and infants born to non-Hispanic Asian or Pacific Islander mothers experienced the lowest rates (3.90 in 2013). The difference be-tween the highest and lowest infant mor-tality rates among the five racial and ethnic groups was stable from 1999 to 2006 and then narrowed from 2006 to 2013. The difference be-tween the highest (non-Hispanic black) and lowest (non-Hispanic Asian or Pacific Is-lander) infant mortality rates was 9.41 deaths per 1,000 live births in 1999, compared with 7.21 in 2013. For infants born to Hispanic mothers, the infant mortality rate remained stable during 1999–2008 (5.71 infant deaths per 1,000 live births in 1999) and then decreased to 5.00 in 2013. During 1999–2013, the infant mortality rate for Hispanic infants varied by the moth-er’s Hispanic-origin group. Throughout this period, infants born to Puerto Rican mothers experienced the highest mortality rates. In all years except 2009, infants born to Cuban mothers and those born to Central and South American mothers experienced the lowest mortality rates at alternate times through-out 1999–2013. The difference between the highest (Puerto Rican) and lowest (Cuban) infant mortality rates among Hispanic-ori-gin groups narrowed from 3.71 deaths per 1,000 live births in 1999 to 2.88 in 2013. During 1999–2013, the difference in infant mortality rates was narrower for mothers in the His-panic-origin groups than for mothers in the five racial and ethnic groups. 
PRETERM BIRTHS  In 2014, non-Hispanic black mothers had the highest percentage of preterm births of the five racial and ethnic groups, and Puerto Rican mothers had the highest percentage of preterm births of the five Hispanic-origin groups. An infant’s gestational age is an important predictor of his or her survival and subse-quent health (64–70). Preterm birth prior to 37 weeks gestation affects infant mortality rates and racial and ethnic disparities in in-fant mortality (Figure 19) (71). The degree of prematurity matters—infants born prior to 32 weeks gestation are at greatest risk of death during infancy, with the risk of infant death decreasing as gestational age increases (72). In 2014, 7.7% of singleton births occurred before 37 weeks of gestation; 5.7% at 34–36 weeks; 0.8% at 32–33 weeks gestation; and 1.2% before 32 weeks (data table for Figure 20). In 2014, among the five racial and ethnic groups, non-Hispanic black women had the highest percentage of singleton births before 37 weeks (11.1%) and non-Hispanic Asian or Pacific Islander women had the lowest per-centage (6.8%). Non-Hispanic black women also had the highest percentage of singleton preterm births at each preterm gestational age. The difference between the highest (non-Hispanic black) and lowest (non-His-panic Asian or Pacific Islander) percentages of singleton preterm births among the five racial and ethnic groups was 4.3 percentage points (before 37 weeks), 2.0 percentage points (34–36 weeks), 0.6 percentage points (32–33 weeks), and 1.7 percentage points (be-fore 32 weeks). Among Hispanic-origin groups in 2014, Puerto Rican mothers had the highest per-centage of singleton births before 37 weeks (9.1%) and Cuban mothers had the lowest percentage (7.2%). The difference between the highest (Puerto Rican) and lowest (Cuban) percentages of singleton preterm births among the Hispanic-origin groups was 1.9 percentage points (before 37 weeks) and 1.3 percentage points (34–36 weeks). Central and South American mothers had the lowest percentage of singleton births before 34 weeks. For preterm births before 34 weeks, the difference between the highest (Puerto Rican) and lowest (Central and South Amer-ican) percentages was 0.2 percentage points (32–33 weeks) and 0.6 percentage points (be-fore 32 weeks). LOW-RISK BIRTHS DELIVERED BY CESAREAN  
SECTION  During 1999–2014 non-Hispanic black moth-ers experienced the highest percentage of low-risk cesarean deliveries among the five racial and ethnic groups (29.9% in 2014); Cuban mothers experienced the highest per-centage of low-risk cesarean deliveries among the five Hispanic-origin groups (41.49– 6 in 2014). Cesarean deliveries comprise approxi-mately one-third of all births in the United States (32.2% in 2014) and can place mothers and infants at increased risk for poor health outcomes (74). Over the past decade, profes-sional medical groups have attempted to re-duce low-risk cesarean deliveries defined as cesarean deliveries among full term (37 or more completed weeks of gestation), sin-gleton, vertex (head first) births to women giving birth for the first time (75,76). The percentage of low-risk births that were delivered by cesarean section increased from 19.5% to 26.6% during 1999–2005, sta-bilized during 2005–2009, and then decreased to 26.0% in 2014 (data table for Figure 21). Throughout the period 1999–2014, non-His-panic black mothers experienced the highest percentage of low-risk cesarean deliveries (29.9% in 2014) among the five racial and eth-nic groups, while non-Hispanic American In-dian or Alaska Native mothers experienced the lowest percentage (21.5% in 2014). The difference between the highest (non-Hispanic black) and lowest (non-Hispanic American Indian or Alaska Native) percentages wid-ened from 4.8 percentage points in 1999 to 8.4 percentage points in 2014. Among Hispanic mothers, the percentage of low-risk births that were delivered by ce-sarean section increased from 18.7% to 24.6% during 1999–2004, increased at a slower rate from 2004–2009, and then remained stable dur-ing 2009–2014 (data table for Figure 21). Throughout the period 1999–2014 Cuban moth-ers experienced the highest percentage of low-risk cesarean deliveries (41.4% in 2014), while Mexican mothers experienced the low-est percentage (24.1% in 2014). Among His-panic-origin groups, the difference between the highest and lowest percentages of low- risk cesarean deliveries was stable during 1999–2002, widened sharply during 2002–2006, and then narrowed during 2006–2014. The dif-ference between the highest (Cuban) and low-est (Mexican) percentages was 11.7 percent-age points in 1999, 21.5 percentage points in 2006, and 17.3 percentage points in 2014. CHILDREN AND ADOLESCENTS WITH OBESITY  In 2011–2014 for children and adolescents aged 2–19 years, Hispanic children and ado-lescents had the highest prevalence of obe-sity and non-Hispanic Asian children had the lowest prevalence. Childhood obesity is a serious public health challenge in the United States and many other industrialized nations in the world (Figure 8) (19,77,78). Excess body weight in children is associated with excess morbidity in childhood and excess body weight in adulthood (13,14). Obesity among children and adolescents is defined as a body mass index at or above the sex- and age-spe-cific 95th percentile of the CDC growth charts (15). Between 1999–2000 and 2013–2014, the percentage of children and adolescents aged 2–19 with obesity increased from 13.9% to 17.2% (79). However, among youth aged 2– 19, the prevalence of obesity did not change from 2003–2004 through 2013–2014 (79). In 2011–2014 for children and adolescents aged 2–19, the percentage with obesity was highest for Hispanic children and adolescents and lowest for non-Hispanic Asian children and adolescents. For those aged 2–19, the dif-ference between the highest (Hispanic) and lowest (non-Hispanic Asian) percentages was 13.3 percentage points. For children aged 2–5, the percentage with obesity was highest for Hispanic children and lowest for non-Hispanic white children. (The estimate for non-Hispanic Asian chil-dren aged 2–5 was not stable and is not shown.) The difference between the highest (Hispanic) and lowest (non-Hispanic white) percentages was 10.4 percentage points for children aged 2–5. For children aged 6–11, the percentage with obesity was highest for His-panic children and lowest for non-Hispanic Asian children. For children aged 6–11, the difference between the highest (Hispanic) and lowest (non-Hispanic Asian) percentages was 15.2 percentage points. In 2011–2014 for adolescents aged 12–19, the percentage with obesity was highest for His-panic adolescents and lowest for non-His-panic Asian adolescents. The difference be-tween the highest (Hispanic) and lowest (non-Hispanic Asian) percentages was 13.4 percentage points for adolescents aged 12–19 years. 
HYPERTENSION  In 2011–2014, non-Hispanic black men and women were the most likely to have hyper-tension compared with adults in the other racial and ethnic groups. Hypertension is an important risk factor for cardiovascular disease, stroke, kidney failure, and other health conditions (80,81). In 2011–2014, 84.1% of adults with hyper-tension were aware of their status, and 76.1% were taking medication to lower their blood pressure (82). Despite improvement in in-creasing the awareness, treatment, and con-trol of hypertension, diagnosis and treat-ment of hypertension among minority groups remains a challenge (83). Hypertension is defined as reporting tak-ing antihypertensive medication and/or hav-ing a measured systolic blood pressure of at least 140 mm Hg or a measured diastolic blood pressure of at least 90 mm Hg. The age- adjusted percentage of adults aged 20 and over with hypertension was stable during 1999–2014 (30.8% in 2013–2014) (data table for Figure 23). During 1999–2014, non-Hispanic black adults had the highest percentage with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.033 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3745 June 13, 2016 
hypertension among the three racial and ethnic groups (42.7%, age-adjusted in 2013– 2014), while with the exception of 1999–2000, adults of Mexican origin had the lowest per-centage with hypertension (28.8%, age-ad-justed in 2013–2014). The difference between the highest and lowest age-adjusted percent-ages of adults with hypertension among the three racial and ethnic groups was stable during 1999–2014; in 2013–2014, the difference between the highest (non-Hispanic black) and lowest (Mexican-origin) percentages was 13.9 percentage points. In 2011–2014, the age-adjusted percentage of adult men and women with hypertension was similar (31.0% and 29.7%, respectively, data table for Figure 23). The difference between the highest (non-Hispanic black) and lowest (Hispanic) age-adjusted percentages of men with hypertension among the four racial and ethnic groups was 14.7 percentage points; for women, the difference between the highest (non-Hispanic black) and lowest (non-His-panic Asian) was 19.0 percentage points in 2011–2014. 
CURRENT CIGARETTE SMOKING  During 1999–2014, differences in cigarette smoking between racial and ethnic groups were larger for women than for men. Smoking causes more than 480,000 deaths each year, accounting for about one in five deaths in the United States (84). Smokers are more likely to develop heart disease, stroke, and cancer. Smoking also increases the risk for diabetes, cataracts, rheumatoid arthritis, and stillbirth (85). During 1999–2014, the age-adjusted percent-age of adults aged 18 and over who were cur-rent cigarette smokers decreased from 25.2% to 19.0% for men and from 21.6% to 15.1% for women (data table for Figure 24). Within each of the four racial and ethnic groups, men were more likely to be current cigarette smokers than women. In 2014 for men, the age-adjusted percent-age of current cigarette smokers was highest for non-Hispanic black men (22.0%) and low-est for Hispanic men (13.8%). The difference between the highest and lowest age-adjusted percentages of current cigarette smokers among the four racial and ethnic groups re-mained stable during 1999–2014 because levels for men in all racial and ethnic groups de-clined similarly during this period. The dif-ference between the highest (non-Hispanic black) and lowest (Hispanic) percentages for men was 8.2 percentage points in 2014. For women, non-Hispanic white women consistently had the highest age-adjusted percentage of current cigarette smokers among the four racial and ethnic groups throughout 1999–2014 (18.3% in 2014), while non-Hispanic Asian women had the lowest age-adjusted percentage (5.1% in 2014). For women, the difference between the highest (non-Hispanic white) and lowest (non-His-panic Asian) percentages narrowed from 17.5 percentage points in 1999 to 13.2 in 2014. Dur-ing 1999–2014, racial and ethnic differences in cigarette smoking prevalence were larger for women than for men. 
INFLUENZA VACCINATION  During 1999–2014, influenza vaccination was highest for those aged 65 and over and lowest for those aged 18–64, for all racial and ethnic groups. Influenza is a serious illness that can lead to hospitalization and sometimes death. In-fluenza vaccination is especially important for people who are at risk of getting seri-ously ill from influenza, including those with chronic conditions, older adults, and young children. The percentage of adults aged 18–64 who re-ceived an influenza vaccination in the past 12 months remained stable during 1999–2006 and then increased to 35.8% in 2014 (data table for Figure 25). This pattern was present for all racial and ethnic groups. Decreases in influ-enza vaccination coverage in 2005 were re-lated to a vaccine shortage (86). For those aged 18–64, no racial and ethnic group was consistently the most likely to receive influ-enza vaccination during 1999–2014. In 2014, non-Hispanic Asian adults had the highest percentage for influenza vaccination receipt (41.3%) and Hispanic adults had the lowest percentage (27.9%). For adults aged 18–64, the difference between the highest and lowest percentages of adults receiving an influenza vaccination among the four racial and ethnic groups widened from 6.9 percentage points in 1999 (non-Hispanic white compared with His-panic) to 13.4 in 2014 (non-Hispanic Asian compared with Hispanic). For adults aged 65 and over, the percentage who received an influenza vaccination in the past 12 months increased from 65.7% to 70.1% during 1999–2014. During this period, trends in influenza vaccination coverage varied by racial and ethnic group, and no racial and ethnic group was consistently the most or least likely to receive influenza vaccination. In 2014, non-Hispanic Asian adults had the highest percentage for receipt of influenza vaccination (72.7%) and non-Hispanic black adults had the lowest (57.4%). For adults age 65 and over, the difference between the high-est (non-Hispanic Asian) and lowest (non- Hispanic black) percentages of older adults receiving an influenza vaccination among the four racial and ethnic groups was stable during 1999–2003 and then narrowed to 15.3 percentage points in 2014. HEALTH INSURANCE COVERAGE  During 1999 through the first 6 months of 2015 among adults aged 18–64, lack of health insurance coverage was highest among His-panic adults. Health insurance is a major determinant of access to health care. Children are less like-ly to be uninsured than adults aged 18–64 be-cause they are more likely to qualify for public coverage, primarily Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) (see data table for Figure 26 for estimates for children) (26,87). Passage of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) in 2010 (38) authorized states to expand Medicaid eligibility (88) and to es-tablish the health insurance marketplace in 2014. For adults aged 18–64, the percentage with-out coverage increased from 17.9% to 20.5% during 1999–2013, and then decreased to 12.7% in the first 6 months of 2015 (36). During this period, the trend for lack of coverage varied by racial and ethnic group. During 1999–June 2015, Hispanic adults aged 18–64 had the highest percentage without coverage (27.2% in the first 6 months of 2015), and non-Hispanic white adults aged 18–64 had the lowest, except in the first 6 months of 2015, when non-Hispanic Asian adults had the lowest percentage without coverage. The difference between the highest and lowest percentages of adults aged 18–64 with-out health insurance among the four racial and ethnic groups narrowed from 1999–June 2015. This difference was 24.9 percentage points in 1999 (Hispanic adults compared with non-Hispanic white adults) and 19.9 per-centage points in the first 6 months of 2015 (Hispanic adults compared with non-Hispanic Asian adults). 
DIFFICULTY ACCESSING NEEDED DENTAL CARE  
DUE TO COST  During 1999–2014 among adults aged 18–64, nonreceipt of needed dental care due to cost was lowest among non-Hispanic Asian adults. Oral health is integral to general health and wellbeing, and forgoing needed dental health care can have serious health effects (89). In general, fewer adults have dental cov-erage than medical coverage, and dental cov-erage tends to be less comprehensive (90–92). In 2012, 44% of dental expenditures among adults aged 18–64 were paid out of pocket, a higher out-of-pocket percentage than for any other type of personal health care expendi-ture (93). The percentage of adults aged 18–64 who did not receive needed dental care in the past 12 months due to cost increased from 9.3% to 17.3% during 1999–2010, and then decreased to 12.6% in 2014 (data table for Figure 27). During 1999–2014, non-Hispanic Asian adults aged 18–64 had the lowest percentage of not receiving needed dental care due to cost (6.3% in 2014) among the four racial and ethnic groups. No racial and ethnic group consistently had the highest percentage of not receiving needed dental care due to cost during 1999–2014. The difference between the highest and lowest percentages of adults not receiving needed dental care due to cost among the four racial and ethnic groups wid-ened during 1999–2010, and then remained sta-ble from 2010–2014 for those aged 18–64. This difference was 5.9 percentage points in 1999 (non-Hispanic black compared with non-His-panic Asian) and 9.4 percentage points in 2014 (Hispanic compared with non-Hispanic Asian). Mrs. BEATTY. Madam Speaker, we have heard a lot tonight. We have heard the call to action by Members. We have heard the relationship to pov-erty in health disparities, to the socio-economic conditions of African Ameri-cans to health disparities. We have heard the relationship to death by guns to health disparities. We have heard the data and the statistics about the mortality rates from diseases like car-diovascular disease, the leading killer for women and African American women and men. We have heard about the effect of untreated diabetes and how that affects African Americans. The list goes on and on, Madam Speaker. I could tell you whether it is obesity, whether it is stroke—and cer-tainly as a stroke survivor, I under-stand firsthand the value and the im-portance of quality, affordable health care—that there are some Federal pro-grams that actually work and bridge the gap. I could say wonderful things about the United States Health and Human Services Office of Minority Af-fairs that provides data and research and services for us. But before I ask my colleague, Madam Speaker, to say a few words, I ran across something that was said, in my opinion, by one of the most power-ful individuals that will go down in current history. And 20 years from now, Madam Speaker, if I were stand-ing here talking about his legacy, health care would be one of them. Let me conclude my part with these brief words that he quoted on April 1 of this year: ‘‘Our Nation was built on an enduring belief that we are all created equal—re-gardless of the color of our skin or the station into which we were born. From the ambitions we hold for ourselves to the way we take care of our health, this founding premise serves as the guidepost of our national life.’’ Yet, to this day, Madam Speaker, mi-norities continue to experience the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.033 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3746 June 13, 2016 
healthcare gaps that leave their com-munities our communities. I will add this to his ending that, Madam Speaker, tonight, the Congres-sional Black Caucus asks that we re-commit to taking action to overcome these disparities. And that person who will leave a great legacy for these words is no other than our President of these United States, President Barack Obama. And now as we begin to close our hour, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ). I could not think of a better colleague, a better co-anchor, to come and share with us our call to action. My colleague and classmate, Con-gressman J
EFFRIES , is a scholar, some-one who sits back, listens, and then comes with resolve. He is someone who is no stranger to this process of telling it like it is. He is someone who has spent a lot of time and years with his experience to speak for the individuals of his district. But tonight, Madam Speaker, I asked him to speak for the Congressional Black Caucus. I asked him to close us out on our call for ac-tion as we talk about the health dis-parities in our African American com-munities. Mr. JEFFRIES. Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend, the distin-guished gentlewoman from Ohio, and our phenomenal anchor for this CBC Special Order hour today and through-out the second session of the 114th Con-gress. It has been an honor and a privi-lege to work closely with her. She has done such a phenomenal job, not just on behalf of the people she represents in the great city of Columbus, Ohio, but all throughout the Nation in her various roles, and certainly in her lead-ership in the Congressional Black Cau-cus. It is with a heavy heart that I stand on the floor of the House of Represent-atives today and, with great sadness, acknowledge the pain and the suffering and extend my condolences to those who have suffered this great tragedy in Orlando, Florida, the worst mass shooting in the history of the United States of America. It is a complicated shooting. We un-derstand that it most likely is an act of terror, a hate crime of unspeakable proportions. There are indications that the shooter may have some degree of mental illness and a history of domes-tic abuse. The shooter appeared to have been, in some measure, on the FBI’s radar. But you can add all those things up and there is still something that is missing that we here in Congress have the capacity to deal with, and that is the fact that one individual was able to purchase a weapon of mass destruc-tion—which should be reserved for war, not the hunting of human beings in this great democratic Republic—and inflict death on 49 individuals and maim in ways that are inhumane to more than 50 others. Martin Luther King, Jr., once said: ‘‘In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.’’ During the 114th Congress, there have been more than 100 mass shootings. We often come to the floor of the House of Representatives and the Speaker or one of his designees stands at the ros-trum and asks us, as Members of the House, to stand in a moment of silence. And then we go on with business as usual, having done nothing about the tremendous gun violence problem that we have in America. The rest of the world is looking around and saying: What are they doing in the United States of America? Five percent of the world’s population, 50 percent of the world’s guns. It is es-timated that there are more than 300 million guns circulating throughout this great land. The FBI and local law enforcement can’t tell you where the overwhelming majority of them are be-cause of legislative silence and mal-practice. This is an issue, of course, that has great impact on the African American community. Homicides are the leading cause of death through guns of younger African American men. So we in the CBC view it as a public health crisis certainly for our community. I think it is one that all Americans should view as a health crisis for the entire coun-try. But the thing that is also troubling— and we will have time to deal with this tragedy—is hopefully we will be able to take some commonsense steps in the right direction, including making sure that individuals who are on the ter-rorist watch list can’t purchase weap-ons of mass destruction. How com-plicated is that to do? But the thing that is striking for many of us in the African American community is that, when you look at some of the leading causes of death— heart disease being number one, and then, of course, diabetes and childhood obesity being problematic, certain forms of cancer, HIV/AIDS infection— many of these illnesses, these ailments that plague the neighborhoods that I represent in central Brooklyn, in Bed-ford-Stuyvesant, in East New York, in Ocean Hill-Brownsville, in Canarsie, and in the west end of Coney Island, are preventable, preventable by better exercise, preventable by dealing with some of the environmental racism that many low-income communities of color have been subjected to, resulting in in-credibly high rates of asthma and other forms of respiratory illness, prevent-able by better diet. Senator B
OOKER recently said to many of us—and this has stuck with me—that more African Americans in the United States of America die as a result of drive-throughs, not drive-bys. That is because the diet, the access to healthy food, is limited. The food deserts within which many African Americans, particularly at the lowest socioeconomic level, are forced to re-side in are scandalous. So we in the Congressional Black Caucus believe that we have to deal with these issues in a more meaningful, comprehensive fashion. I am thankful that back at home in the west end of Coney Island, Coney Is-land Cathedral, one of the most impor-tant religious institutions in Brooklyn, is actively engaged in a public health campaign to deal with diabetes and heart disease and many of the other ailments that result from a poor diet that exists, a lack of access to healthy food in the Black community. It is a campaign that we want to take across the Nation. We are thankful for the work that has been done by the Congressional Black Caucus and by President Obama through his leadership of the Afford-able Care Act. We now know that over 20 million previously uninsured Ameri-cans now have access to quality, af-fordable health care—disproportion-ately African American. That is a positive step in the right di-rection. But instead of trying to dis-mantle this monumental step forward, as House Republicans have attempted to do more than 60 times over the last few years, they have a clinical obses-sion with a law that has been declared constitutional—not once, but twice— by the United States Supreme Court. Let’s figure out ways to come to-gether as a nation, despite our racial, religious, and ethnic differences, to deal with the disparities that exist in the African American community and beyond. And let us come together as a Congress and as a nation to deal with the scourge of hate, in its most recent form, directed at the LGBT community down in Orlando in such a horrific and invidious fashion. We are better than this. We can do much better here in the United States Congress. The Congressional Black Caucus is here to lead the way on issues, worked in partnership hand in hand with our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, if they are just willing to meet us some of the way, to deal with the issues of health disparities in the African American community and deal with the scourge of gun violence that takes our young boys and girls in shocking numbers and also impacts people all across the country. I thank the distinguished gentle-woman for her leadership and for once again yielding to me and anchoring this Special Order in such a phe-nomenal way. Mrs. BEATTY. Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman JEFFRIES . Madam Speaker, as we close out to-night, I can’t think of a better way to take my last 30 seconds than to speak to you and to speak to America and to ask that we take these last seconds in silence as a call to action to prevent the guns being on the street, as a call to action to reduce the health dispari-ties. But in honor of the families in Or-lando, we give them our commitment that we stand with them and that I stand with all of my friends and con-stituents and supporters who belong to the LGBT community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.058 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3747 June 13, 2016 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Madam Speaker, I rise in honor of the special order hour titled ‘‘Bridging the Divide: A Call to Action by the Congressional Black Caucus to Eliminate Racial Health Disparities.’’ I would like to thank my colleagues Congressman H
AKEEM JEFFRIES and Congresswoman J OYCE  B
EATTY for hosting this timely special order. Historically, racial and ethnic minorities are likely to have the highest uninsured rates and are less likely to receive preventive and quality health care. While the Affordable Care Act has helped minorities afford health insurance and access quality care, there is still a need to eliminate existing disparities. For example, the Department of Health and Human Services is currently working to expand access, end racial and ethnic discrimination, perform outreach to underserved communities, improve workforce diversity, and expand data collection and re-porting. While this is an ambitious plan, it is one that is extremely necessary. Unfortunately, cov-erage, access, and outreach may not be the only keys to eliminating disparities. Demo-graphic characteristics contribute heavily to ra-cial and ethnic health status. For example, re-search shows that privately insured African American and Hispanic adults fare worse than privately insured white adults along measures to access and use of care. Unfortunately, Afri-can Americans and Hispanics are less likely to have a regular provider than their white coun-terparts. The same research also showed that privately insured African Americans and His-panics had less confidence in their ability to pay for medical costs. Since social determinants like economic sta-bility, education, and environment play such a large role in how we each view and access health care, many of the changes necessary to eliminate racial and ethnic disparities re-quire a much larger plan than just a focus on health-related programs. Reducing disparities in health truly entails addressing racial and ethnic social determinants such as availability of safe housing, affordable food, access to education, job opportunities, community-based resources, public safety, public transportation, and more. Our society must make many changes be-fore we can truly eliminate racial and ethnic health disparities because that also means eliminating disparities in many other sectors. I thank Congressman J
EFFRIES and Congress-woman B
EATTY for hosting this poignant spe-cial order. 
f 
b2045 TIBET The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. M
CSALLY ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 30 minutes. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to revise and extend my remarks and to enter addi-tional materials into the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, this week, Washington, D.C., is blessed by the presence of His Holiness, the 14th Dalai Lama, Tenzin Gyatso, who is visiting the city from June 12 through June 16 for several events and meet-ings. This visit provides us not only the opportunity to listen to the Dalai Lama speak about the modern world and confronting conflict, but also to take a look at the crisis that faces Tibet and the Tibetan people and ask why the United States is not doing more to protect the rights and to sup-port the autonomy of the Tibetan peo-ple. As we seek to comprehend the sense-less violence of yesterday’s massacre of at least 49 people in Orlando, Florida, and the wounding of more than 50 oth-ers—most members of the LGBT com-munity and many of Hispanic descent, all just enjoying their lives on a Satur-day night—I can think of no better source of words of wisdom, tolerance, and peace than of His Holiness, the Dalai Lama. Madam Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD an opinion piece by the Dalai Lama, entitled: ‘‘The Dalai Lama: Why I’m hopeful about the world’s future.’’ 
[From the Washington Post, June 13, 2016] T
HEDALAI LAMA: WHYI’MHOPEFUL ABOUT  
THEWORLD ’SFUTURE  (By the Dalai Lama) The 14th Dalai Lama, Tenzin Gyatso, is the spiritual leader of Tibet. Since 1959, he has lived in exile in Dharamsala in northern India. Almost six decades have passed since I left my homeland, Tibet, and became a refugee. Thanks to the kindness of the government and people of India, we Tibetans found a sec-ond home where we could live in dignity and freedom, able to keep our language, culture and Buddhist traditions alive. My generation has witnessed so much vio-lence—some historians estimate that more than 200 million people were killed in con-flicts in the 20th century. Today, there is no end in sight to the hor-rific violence in the Middle East, which in the case of Syria has led to the greatest ref-ugee crisis in a generation. Appalling ter-rorist attacks—as we were sadly reminded this weekend—have created deep-seated fear. While it would be easy to feel a sense of hopelessness and despair, it is all the more necessary in the early years of the 21st cen-tury to be realistic and optimistic. There are many reasons for us to be hope-ful. Recognition of universal human rights, including the right to self-determination, has expanded beyond anything imagined a century ago. There is growing international consensus in support of gender equality and respect for women. Particularly among the younger generation, there is a widespread re-jection of war as a means of solving prob-lems. Across the world, many are doing valu-able work to prevent terrorism, recognizing the depths of misunderstanding and the divi-sive idea of ‘‘us’’ and ‘‘them’’ that is so dan-gerous. Significant reductions in the world’s arsenal of nuclear weapons mean that set-ting a timetable for further reductions and ultimately the elimination of nuclear weap-ons—a sentiment President Obama recently reiterated in Hiroshima, Japan—no longer seem a mere dream. The notion of absolute victory for one side and defeat of another is thoroughly out-dated; in some situations, following conflict, suffering arises from a state that cannot be described as either war or peace. Violence in-evitably incurs further violence. Indeed, his-tory has shown that nonviolent resistance ushers in more durable and peaceful democ-racies and is more successful in removing au-thoritarian regimes than violent struggle. It is not enough simply to pray. There are solutions to many of the problems we face; new mechanisms for dialogue need to be cre-ated, along with systems of education to in-culcate moral values. These must be ground-ed in the perspective that we all belong to one human family and that together we can take action to address global challenges. It is encouraging that we have seen many ordinary people across the world displaying great compassion toward the plight of refu-gees, from those who have rescued them from the sea, to those who have taken them in and provided friendship and support. As a refugee myself, I feel a strong empathy for their situation and when we see their an-guish, we should do all we can to help them. I can also understand the fears of people in host countries, who may feel overwhelmed. The combination of circumstances draws at-tention to the vital importance of collective action toward restoring genuine peace to the lands these refugees are fleeing. Tibetan refugees have firsthand experience of living through such circumstances and, al-though we have not yet been able to return to our homeland, we are grateful for the hu-manitarian support we have received through the decades from friends, including the people of the United States. A further source for hope is the genuine co-operation among the world’s nations toward a common goal evident in the Paris accord on climate change. When global warming threatens the health of this planet that is our only home, it is only by considering the larger global interest that local and national interests will be met. I have a personal connection to this issue because Tibet is the world’s highest plateau and is an epicenter of global climate change, warming nearly three times as fast as the rest of the world. It is the largest repository of water outside the two poles and the source of the Earth’s most extensive river system, critical to the world’s 10 most densely popu-lated nations. To find solutions to the environmental cri-sis and violent conflicts that confront us in the 21st century, we need to seek new an-swers. Even though I am a Buddhist monk, I believe that these solutions lie beyond reli-gion in the promotion of a concept I call sec-ular ethics. This is an approach to educating ourselves based on scientific findings, com-mon experience and common sense—a more universal approach to the promotion of our shared human values. Over more than three decades, my discus-sions with scientists, educators and social workers from across the globe have revealed common concerns. As a result we have devel-oped a system that incorporates an edu-cation of the heart, but one that is based on study of the workings of the mind and emo-tions through scholarship and scientific re-search rather than religious practice. Since we need moral principles—compassion, re-spect for others, kindness, taking responsi-bility—in every field of human activity, we are working to help schools and colleges cre-ate opportunities for young people to develop greater self-awareness, to learn how to man-age destructive emotions and cultivate so-cial skills. Such training is being incor-porated into the curriculum of many schools in North America and Europe—I am involved with work at Emory University on a new curriculum on secular ethics that is being in-troduced in several schools in India and the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.059 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3748 June 13, 2016 
It is our collective responsibility to ensure that the 21st century does not repeat the pain and bloodshed of the past. Because human nature is basically compassionate, I believe it is possible that decades from now we will see an era of peace—but we must work together as global citizens of a shared planet. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, by way of welcoming the Dalai Lama, I would like to say a few words about him and his leadership. The Dalai Lama, the spiritual leader of Tibet, describes himself as a simple Buddhist monk. He was recognized as the reincarnation of the previous 13th Dalai Lama when he was only 2 years old, and he was only 6 when he began his monastic studies. But years before he finished his edu-cation, when he was still a teenager, he was called upon to assume full political power after China’s invasion of Tibet in 1950. When in 1954 he went to Beijing for peace talks with Mao Zedong and other Chinese leaders, he was not yet 20. Five years later, with the brutal suppression of the Tibetan national up-rising in Lhasa by Chinese troops, the Dalai Lama was forced to escape into exile. Since 1959, he has been living in northern India. That is more than 60 years of exile. I have had the opportunity to meet the Dalai Lama on a number of occa-sions. He is a warm, generous, compas-sionate man with a great sense of humor. He is also a man of peace. He has consistently advocated for policies of nonviolence even in the face of ex-treme aggression. In 1989, he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his nonviolent struggle for the liberation of Tibet. He has received over 150 awards, honorary doctorates, and prizes in recognition of his message of peace, nonviolence, interreligious un-derstanding, universal responsibility, and compassion. His is a voice for tol-erance. Unfortunately, as we all know, Tibet has not been liberated. In the late 1990s, under the Dalai Lama’s leader-ship, the Tibetan people formally put aside the goal of independence. Since then, they have been fighting, peace-fully, for their autonomy within China; but that struggle is not going very well today. Part of the reason it is not going very well is that the inter-national community seems to be more interested in not offending China than in vigorously supporting the human rights of the Tibetan people. It seems to me that my own government has fallen into that trap. I am looking forward to the Dalai Lama’s visit this week, and I know that the leadership of the House and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will welcome him with the greatest ap-preciation; but it is easy to praise the Dalai Lama, to meet with him, and to benefit from his teachings, yet not lift a finger to help the people of Tibet. The Dalai Lama and the Tibetan people deserve better. Madam Speaker, last November I had the honor of joining Democratic Leader NANCY PELOSI and my colleagues J OYCE  B
EATTY , TEDLIEU, ALAN LOWENTHAL , B
ETTY MCCOLLUM , and T IMWALZon a historic congressional delegation to Tibet, Beijing, and Hong Kong. I have long raised concerns about China’s human rights record in Tibet. As the first congressional delegation to enter Tibet since the 2008 unrest, our trip was an important opportunity to raise the voices of the Tibetan people, and we did just that. Everywhere we went, in every meeting we had, we talked about Tibet. We talked about the Dalai Lama and his strong bipar-tisan support in Congress. We talked about the importance of respect for people’s cultures and religions, and we talked about the need to strengthen and protect all of the human rights of the Tibetan people. During the delegation visit, we felt we had a good exchange with Chinese officials and, especially, with univer-sity students both in Tibet and in Bei-jing. We saw our trip—and especially the delegation’s visit to Tibet—as an important gesture by the Chinese Gov-ernment; but it was also clear to us that our visit was only a first step and that much more needed to be done. Since our return, we have been looking for ways to build on our visit and to ad-vance the reforms needed for meaning-ful change. Here are some of the things we iden-tified that need to happen specifically with regard to Tibet: The United States needs to open a consulate in Lhasa, Tibet; More Members of Congress, more journalists, more members of par-liament from other nations, and more people in general, including members of the Tibetan community here in the United States, need to be allowed to travel freely to Tibet; Tibetans in China need to be able to travel freely as well; The dialogue between Beijing and the Dalai Lama to resolve longstanding issues of Tibetan autonomy, religious practice, culture, language, and herit-age needs to be renewed. I came away from our visit believing even more strongly that the Dalai Lama is part of the solution to resolv-ing Tibetan grievances. Too often during our trip, we heard from some Chinese officials—not all, but some—expressions and character-izations of Tibet and the Dalai Lama that showed that some people’s minds and imaginations are stuck in the past, in old prejudices. This concerned me greatly. The issue is not the past. The issue is the future of Tibet and its peo-ple. Renewing dialogue must be genuine and productive, and it cannot be just another guise for wasting time or going through the motions. We need to see a dialogue based on good faith and on the mutual need to resolve outstanding issues in a way that is acceptable to all parties. Undertaking such an initiative would be a positive reflection on the capacity of Chinese authorities to engage in constructive dialogue, and it would in-crease confidence the world over that the government is committed to rec-onciliation and ending abuses in Tibet. The Chinese Government has in-vested a great deal in Tibet, and that was very clear to us, but that invest-ment must not come at the price of an entire culture. You cannot confine a people’s culture and heritage—their very sense of identity—to a museum or to a market of handicrafts. The human rights of the Tibetan peo-ple must be strengthened and pro-tected, and I returned from the delega-tion visit with a renewed commitment to continue to work with my col-leagues in Congress, with Leader P
ELOSI , to push for the reforms that are needed to achieve this, and this is the reason we are here today. Madam Speaker, I yield to our distin-guished Democratic leader, who led this historic visit to Tibet, Leader P
ELOSI . Ms. PELOSI. I thank the gentleman for yielding and for calling this Special Order this evening. Special it is, indeed, as we welcome His Holiness, the Dalai Lama, to Wash-ington, D.C. Tomorrow, in a bipartisan way, House and Senate Democrats and Republicans will join in welcoming His Holiness. He is among one of the things we all agree on—his greatness and the honor he brings us with his visit. Madam Speaker, I completely asso-ciate myself with every word of Mr. M
CGOVERN ’s comments. He talked about our visit to Lhasa, to Tibet, and to other places in China. We called him Mr. M
CGOVERN ’s spiritual leader of our visit. As the co-chair of the Lantos Human Rights Commission of the House of Representatives, he truly be-lieves, as His Holiness says and as I heard him say today, that we are all God’s children, and that is how we have to treat each other. In listening to our colleagues of the previous Special Order, who were mem-bers of the Congressional Black Cau-cus, who discussed various issues of justice—social justice, health justice, and the rest—and who talked about Or-lando, it focuses on how special His Ho-liness’ visit is. In coming the day after the terrible massacre of many in the LGBT community, it is really some-thing that should be a comfort to all of us. His Holiness’ message of peace, of compassion, of respect for every person is a message of hope that is needed today, tomorrow, and the next day, which are the days His Holiness will be here, but it is needed as we go forward as well. He is a truly great man. When I awoke this morning so sad about what happened yesterday, I was full of hope about hearing what His Holiness would have to say about our respon-sibilities to each other. Our colleague mentioned our Novem-ber CODEL. It was something that many of us had been hoping to do for many years. We had been trying for 25 years to get a visa to visit Tibet, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.036 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3749 June 13, 2016 
the President of China gave us that op-portunity. We went there to see, to learn, to observe, and to make judg-ments. We did not go there to burn bridges; we went there to build bridges. As Congressman M
CGOVERN said, we saw some areas in which we could work together, and we came back with some resolve, hopefully, to get other bridge building done. I have seen His Holiness on many oc-casions. When he first came to Con-gress, I was brand new in Congress. He came under the auspices of Mr. Lantos, for whom the Human Rights Commis-sion is named, and he brought us to-gether in a group to listen to His Holi-ness’ plan of action. It included respect for the environment and autonomy for Tibet but not independence. That was over 25 years ago that he had been talking about autonomy. While some-times the Chinese Government doesn’t accept that characterization, it is why many of us support His Holiness. As I mentioned earlier, he has friends on both sides of the aisle on both sides of the Capitol and also down Pennsyl-vania Avenue. I remember with great pride when we presented His Holiness with a Congres-sional Gold Medal—again, with great bipartisan support. President Bush came. Not only that—and a bigger honor yet—Mrs. Laura Bush came as well. What an honor for His Holiness and what an honor for our country that our President showed that respect. On that day when we talked about it, we had so many good things to say about His Holiness. One of the things was his unstinting support for peace as a positive example of how to make the world a better place—peace in the world, peace in our country, peace in our communities, peace in our fami-lies, peace in ourselves. That inner peace is what he has been preaching. On this trip, we can see His Holiness as he embodies the wisdom and the courage to maintain what he calls a peaceful mind in a modern world, and we look forward to hearing what he has to say about that. In addition to saying we are all God’s children and of the re-spect we need to have for each other and of the compassion that he advo-cates, His Holiness says that great changes start with individuals. I will tell this story, which, I think, some may find amusing. His Holiness is a gentle man. While he has big challenges and while he is the leader and the champion in the ad-vocacy—I wouldn’t use the word ‘‘fight’’ as he doesn’t like words like that—for respecting the culture, the language, and the religion of the Ti-betan people and the autonomy for them as a people, he does so in a very gentle way. I met him here in the Capitol for the first time, and I saw him in Rio at the time of the Earth Summit in 1992, where he spoke as a religious leader. We also acknowledged that he was the first winner of the Nobel Prize—it was part of his proclamation and why he won—for his contribution in protecting the environment. It was the first envi-ronmental consideration in a Nobel Prize. How beautiful that was. I have seen him here many times, in Cali-fornia, in New York—you name it—and in Dharamsala, which is where he lives in India. Anyway, we were taking a delegation there to visit—a bipartisan, large delegation to visit him there. b2100 And we saw some of the people right after the crackdown in Tibet—coinci-dentally, we had our trip planned for a long time, but it happened to occur right after that crackdown. So many people were coming in from Tibet tell-ing us what they saw there. It was pretty brutal, the reports that they gave us, and it was so sad. So later in the day, when we had lunch with the couple hundred lamas from all over India, that part of India, many of them Tibetan Buddhist lamas, I explained what I had seen that morn-ing and how transformative it was to see people get firsthand knowledge of the humanity of man and that we had to do something about it. We had our Members there. One was going to help with this, and one was going to help with that. You know, there were all these things that we were going to do to help these people. And then I said what I always said: if freedom-loving people do not speak out against oppression in Tibet because of our commercial interests with China, then we surrender all moral authority to speak on behalf of human rights anywhere in the world. Tibet remains a challenge to the conscience of the world, and we must respond to that. When I was finished, His Holiness spoke to the lamas there, and he said to the lamas: Now, let us all pray so that we could rid Nancy of her negative attitudes. Well, I thought I was making the fight, but I am not going to be holier than His Holiness. A gentle approach is what he thinks is best and respectful. I take some level of pride in telling our Chinese friends—and they are our friends. He is your friend, too, in terms of damping down any, shall we say, exuberance when we learn what we consider to be grave injustices and human rights violations. In honor of His Holiness’ 80th birth-day last summer—Richard Gere is the chairman of the International Cam-paign for Tibet and has really been a champion for His Holiness and the Ti-betan people—Richard Gere and I wrote a Wall Street Journal op-ed, and in it we said there is no better way to honor the Dalai Lama than by standing with him and the Tibetan people vowing to keep their cause alive. It is a beautiful culture, indeed. To hear His Holiness, as I did today, speak in Tibetan, which I didn’t under-stand except through translation, and have him explain that the Tibetan lan-guage is a beautiful language in spe-cifics, in terms of explaining Buddhism and matters of faith and philosophy be-cause of its intricacies. It enhances your appreciation and understanding of Buddhism to hear it in the words of the Tibetan language, and translated from Tibetan in terms of the intricacies of the language that you would need to translate it into English or another language. So this language is important to the faith of Buddhism. It is important to the culture. It is important to the fam-ilies. It is important, again, to the edu-cation of the children. And the at-tempts on the part of the Chinese to re-settle Han Chinese, dilute the popu-lation of Tibetans in Tibet, is some-thing that would be just really wrong, just plain and simple wrong. Again, it is a challenge to the conscience. This morning, His Holiness spoke at the United States Institute of Peace, and he said real change comes through action. He said: You all ask me for my blessing, and people say nice things, but real change comes through action. If I understood it correctly in the translation, he said that karma is not necessarily just about fate. It is about acting, action, taking action. So we all need to take action in what we believe in. Again, every opportunity I get—and I thank the distinguished gentleman, the conscience of our codel and chair of the Tom Lantos Commission on Human Rights. Every opportunity I get, and this is one of them that I treasure on the floor of the House, to say what an honor it is to even be in the same room, the same place with His Holi-ness, the Dalai Lama, a revered figure throughout the world. The Dalai Lama’s name is synony-mous with everything that is good, and that is what we emphasized to our Chi-nese host. We had to move, as Mr. M
CGOVERN said, beyond their out-moded thinking into another place. In terms of His Holiness, tomorrow when he comes to the Capitol, I will look forward to thanking him for his tremendous, inspiring leadership. ‘‘In-spiration’’ is such an inadequate word when it comes to what he is. We thank him for sharing the strength of his de-termination in pursuit of peace. He was speaking about it today in terms of something that might take some years. We may not see it, some of us—you might, Mr. M
CGOVERN ; I might not—a time when the world was com-pletely at peace. When he laughs, it is something very special. We hear the joyousness that transcends despair. In his words, we re-ceive a message of hope and humanity when he is with us. In his presence, we feel inspired to make a difference, to make a difference in ourselves and in our world. I talked earlier about President Bush coming to the Congressional Gold Medal ceremony, and I know that the President will be receiving His Holi-ness this week. Presidents have done that over time, which is a source of great pride for us in our country and in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.062 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3750 June 13, 2016 
the relationship between His Holiness and our President. But it goes a long way back. I will just close by saying, when His Holiness was a very little boy and he became the Dalai Lama, he received a gift from the President of the United States, Franklin Delano Roosevelt; and he loved it because it was a watch, and the watch had the phases of the Moon. Actually, my Apple watch has the phases of the Sun. The watch had the phases of the Moon, and how prescient President Franklin Roosevelt was to send this little boy this watch, who would be-come so interested in science and thinking and the brain and faith and what the connection was among all of those factors. But again, the relationship between an American President and His Holi-ness, the Dalai Lama, goes back to when he was a little boy, and it per-sists into his eighties now. That is something that, again, brings luster to us in our country that we have such a beautiful relationship with such a spir-itual figure in the world. So I look forward to welcoming him here tomorrow. Again, as I said to him today: You could not have come at a better time when we are so in mourn-ing about what happened in Orlando to our LGBT loved ones, to their families, to the community in Orlando. We are grateful to the response of our first re-sponders there and our law enforce-ment officials and local officials there. Again, it is the spirituality that we need to recover and draw strength to go forward to make sure that we mini-mize any such actions that hopefully they never happen again. How wonder-ful that His Holiness is here to bring us that comfort. With that, I am pleased and with great gratitude to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for being such a champion of human rights throughout the world. He and Mr. P
ITTS, his Republican counterpart, as co-chairs of the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission, do a great service to our Congress and to our country. They honor our values, the respect for the dignity and worth of every person, recognizing that we are all God’s chil-dren. We all have a spark of divinity in us, and they always are speaking truth to power. I thank them for their com-mitment and for their courage, and to you, Mr. M
CGOVERN , for calling this Special Order today. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I thank the distinguished leader for being here, and I appreciate her leader-ship on this issue and her leadership on human rights issues. One of the things that compels us to be here today is our continued concern about the human rights situation for the Tibetan people. And whether it is the latest annual report from the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom or whether it is the U.S. State Department’s most recent human rights report, or almost any other report, quite frankly, by any major world respected human rights organization, we see that the condi-tions for the Tibetan people really are quite dire. The Human Rights Watch report, en-titled, ‘‘Relentless’’ talks about the de-tention and prosecution of Tibetans from 2013 to 2015 under China’s ‘‘sta-bility maintenance’’ campaign. The re-port is based on 479 cases of Tibetans detained or tried for political expres-sion or criticism of government policy. Human Rights Watch only included cases on which its staff was able to ob-tain credible information. One impor-tant source was the terrific database on political prisoners in China that was maintained by the Congressional Exec-utive Commission on China. Without going into a lot of details, let me just highlight a couple of takeaways. Tibetans are now being detained for activities that used to be considered minor offences or not politically sen-sitive. Many of those detained and prosecuted come from parts of society not previously known for dissent: local community leaders, environmental ac-tivists, and villagers involved in social and cultural activities, as well as local writers and singers. I can go on and on and on. I include into the RECORD the Human Rights Watch report, entitled, ‘‘Relent-less,’’ Madam Speaker. 
RELENTLESS : DETENTION AND PROSECUTION OF  T
IBETANS UNDER CHINA’S‘‘STABILITY MAIN-
TENANCE ’’ CAMPAIGN  
SUMMARY  We have followed the law in striking out and relentlessly pounding at illegal organi-zations and key figures, and resolutely fol-lowed the law in striking at the illegal orga-nizations and key figures who follow the 14th Dalai Lama clique in carrying out sepa-ratist, infiltration, and sabotage activities, knocking out the hidden dangers and soil for undermining Tibet’s stability, and effec-tively safeguarding the state’s utmost inter-ests [and] society’s overall interests.—State-ment by Chen Quanguo, Tibet Autonomous Region Party Secretary, December 2013 This report documents the Chinese govern-ment’s detention, prosecution, and convic-tion of Tibetans for largely peaceful activi-ties from 2013 to 2015. Our research shows di-minishing tolerance by authorities for forms of expression and assembly protected under international law. This has been marked by an increase in state control over daily life, increasing criminalization of nonviolent forms of protest, and at times dispropor-tionate responses to local protests. These measures, part of a policy known as weiwen or ‘‘stability maintenance,’’ have led au-thorities to expand the range of activities and issues targeted for repression in Tibetan areas, particularly in the countryside. The analysis presented here is based on our assessment of 479 cases for which we were able to obtain credible information. All cases are of Tibetans detained or tried from 2013 to 2015 for political expression or criticism of government policy—‘‘political offenses.’’ Our cases paint a detailed picture not available elsewhere. Stringent limitations on access to Tibet and on information flows out of Tibet mean we cannot conclude defini-tively that our cases are representative of the unknown overall number of political de-tentions of Tibetans during this period. But they are indicative of the profound impact stability maintenance’’ policies have had in those areas, and of shifts in the types of pro-test and protester Chinese authorities are targeting there. Information on the cases comes from the Chinese government, exile organizations, and foreign media. Of the 479 detainees, 153 were reported to have been sent for trial, con-victed, and sentenced to imprisonment. The average sentence they received was 5.7 years in prison. As explained in the methodology section below, the actual number of Tibetans detained and prosecuted during this period for political offenses was likely significantly higher. Many detentions documented here were for activities that the Chinese authorities pre-viously considered to be minor offenses or not politically sensitive. Many of those de-tained came from segments of society not previously associated with dissent. In addi-tion, many of the detentions took place in rural areas where political activity had not previously been reported. From 2008 to 2012, the Tibetan parts of Sichuan province had posted the highest numbers of protests and detentions on the Tibetan plateau, but in 2013 the epicenter of detentions shifted to the central and western areas of the Tibetan plateau, called the Tibet Autonomous Re-gion (TAR) since 1965, which until 1950 had been under the government of the Dalai Lama. Our research found that many of those de-tained and prosecuted were local community leaders, environmental activists, and vil-lagers involved in social and cultural activi-ties, as well as local writers and singers. In the previous three decades, the authorities had rarely accused people from these sectors of Tibetan society of involvement in polit-ical unrest. Buddhist monks and nuns, who constituted over 90 percent of political de-tainees in Tibet in the 1980s, represent less than 40 percent of the 479 cases documented here. Almost all the protests and detentions identified in this report occurred in small towns or rural townships and villages rather than in cities, where most protests and de-tentions in prior years were reported to have taken place. This suggests that dissent has increased in rural Tibetan areas, where near-ly 80 percent of Tibetans live. Our data also shows an overall decline in the total number of Tibetans detained for po-litical offenses between 2013 and 2015, though this may be an artifact of the limitations on information, detailed in the methodology section below. Notably, however, the totals for these three years are significantly higher than for the 10 years before 2008 when sta-bility maintenance policies were expanded following major protests centered in Lhasa (Ch.: Lasa), the capital of the TAR. The changing nature of unrest and politi-cized detention in Tibet correlates with new phases in the stability maintenance cam-paign in the TAR and other Tibetan areas. Since 2011, authorities have intensified so-cial control and surveillance at the grass-roots level, particularly in the rural areas of the TAR. This has included the transfer of some 21,000 officials to villages and mon-asteries in the TAR, where they are tasked with implementing new management, secu-rity, and propaganda operations, and, more recently, the deployment of nearly 10,000 po-lice in Tibetan villages in Qinghai. This has led to a surge in the creation of local Com-munist Party organizations, government of-fices, police posts, security patrols, and po-litical organizations in Tibetan villages and towns, particularly in the TAR. The implementation of these measures ap-pears to explain many of the new patterns of detention, prosecution, and sentencing docu-mented in this report. It was only after the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.063 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3751 June 13, 2016 
rural phase of the stability maintenance pol-icy in the TAR was implemented from late 2011 that the number of protests and result-ing detentions and convictions increased dra-matically in that region. These detentions, occurring primarily in rural areas, indicate that the stability main-tenance policy in the TAR has entered a third phase. The first phase entailed para-military operations in the immediate wake of the 2008 protests in Lhasa, when the au-thorities detained several thousand people suspected of involvement in those protests or associated rioting. The second phase, which began in late 2011 and is ongoing, involved the transfer of officials to run security and propaganda operations in villages, as de-scribed above. The third phase, which dates to early 2013, has involved increasing use of the surveillance and security mechanisms established during the second phase in rural villages of the TAR to single out activities deemed to be precursors of unrest. This has meant that formerly anodyne activities have become the focus of state attention and pun-ishment, including social activities by vil-lagers that had not previously been put under sustained scrutiny by the security forces. In the eastern Tibetan areas—comprising parts of Qinghai, Sichuan, Gansu, and Yunnan provinces—politicized detentions also appear to correlate with stability main-tenance measures. But in these areas, the government’s measures have been aimed pri-marily at stopping self-immolations by Ti-betans protesting Chinese rule, most of which have taken place in the eastern areas. Beginning in December 2012 the authorities there conducted an intensified drive to end self-immolations among Tibetans that re-sulted in a sharp increase in detentions and prosecutions of Tibetans for alleged connec-tions to self-immolations, often with ten-uous legal basis. The government’s introduction of grass-roots stability maintenance mechanisms in the TAR and of measures against self-immo-lation in the eastern areas, including in many previously quiet rural areas, has re-sulted in certain Tibetan localities becoming sites of repeated protests and detentions, producing what could be called protest ‘‘clus-ter sites,’’ previously unseen in Tibetan areas. These localities saw greater numbers of politicized detentions, recurrent cycles of protest and detention, higher average sen-tencing rates compared to other areas, and longer sentences for relatively minor of-fenses. During 2013–2015, lay and religious leaders of rural communities often received unusu-ally heavy sentences for expressions of dis-sent, especially if they were from a protest cluster site. Having a sensitive image or text on one’s cellphone or computer could also lead to a long prison sentence, especially though not only if it had been sent to other people. Among those who received the long-est sentences were people who tried to assist victims of self-immolations, leaders of pro-tests against mining or government con-struction projects, and organizers of village opposition to unpopular decisions by local officials. Such activities, most of which were not explicitly political and did not directly challenge the legitimacy of the state, re-ceived markedly longer sentences than peo-ple shouting slogans or distributing leaflets in support of Tibetan independence. The incidents described in this report indi-cate that outbursts of unrest and waves of politicized detentions occurred in specific lo-calities at certain times rather than being evenly dispersed across the Tibetan areas. But the range of locations and the different social levels of protesters involved suggest that political, environmental, and cultural discontent is widespread among Tibetans in many parts of the plateau. Deaths and ill-health of detainees also con-tinued to be a serious problem in the period covered by this study. Fourteen of those de-tained, 2.9 percent of the total, were reported to have died in custody or shortly after re-lease, allegedly as a result of mistreatment. The cases also involve the detention of children, including a 14 and a 15-year-old, both monks, and at least one 11-year-old child detained after his father self-immo-lated. The detentions, prosecutions, and convic-tions documented here reflect the impact of intensive new efforts by officials in Tibetan areas to prevent any repeat of the Tibet-wide protests that occurred in the spring of 2008. Yet the new policies have led to apparently unprecedented cycles of discontent in cer-tain rural areas, and an overall increase in the types of activities that are treated as criminal challenges to the authority of the Communist Party or the Chinese state. The failure of the central government and local authorities to end these abusive policies and roll back intrusive security and surveillance measures raises the prospect of an intensi-fied cycle of repression and resistance in a region already enduring extraordinary re-strictions on basic human rights. 
RECOMMENDATIONS  To the Government of China Unconditionally release from custody all persons detained without charge or con-victed for peacefully exercising their rights to freedom of expression and belief, or for other conduct protected by international human rights law. Allow independent observers—including journalists, human rights monitors, and United Nations special procedures— unimpeded access to all areas covered by the ‘‘stability maintenance’’ campaign to verify the extent of human rights violations stem-ming from the campaign’s implementation. Ensure that all persons taken into custody have immediate access to lawyers and family members. Those taken into custody should be released unless promptly brought before a court and charged with an offense. End the collective punishment of commu-nity members for the actions, criminal or not, of local leaders or other members of their community. Conduct credible, transparent, and impar-tial investigations into all incidents from 2013 to 2015 that resulted in alleged extrajudicial killings, or alleged torture or other ill-treatment in custody. Make the findings of those investigations public and fairly prosecute anyone responsible for such abuses. Conduct credible, transparent, and impar-tial investigations into arbitrary detentions and deaths stemming from the March 2008 protests in Lhasa and across Tibetan areas. End interference by officials, party rep-resentatives, and the security forces in mon-asteries and other religious institutions. To the United Nations The UN secretary-general should urge China to honor the offer it made before the Human Rights Council in March 2009 to in-vite the UN high commissioner for human rights ‘‘at a time mutually convenient to both sides.’’ The UN high commissioner for human rights should specifically request to visit the Tibetan Autonomous Region and Tibetan Autonomous Areas in Qinghai and Sichuan provinces. The UN high commissioner for human rights, as well as the special rapporteurs and working groups on torture, enforced dis-appearances, and independence of judges and lawyers, should reiterate their requests to visit the region to assess the human rights situation. To Concerned Governments Urge the Chinese government to imple-ment the following measures in Tibetan areas: provide information on all persons de-tained in connection with protests; end arbi-trary detention and torture and other ill- treatment in detention; impartially inves-tigate the use of excessive or lethal force by the security forces; and discipline or pros-ecute as appropriate members of the security forces implicated in serious abuses. Extend full and active support to the inter-national investigation into the Tibetan pro-tests led by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights. Urge the Chinese government to review the official policies and practices in Tibetan areas that have contributed to unrest. Speak out, when cooperating with China on law enforcement or counterterrorism ef-forts, against the use of trumped-up public order and terrorism allegations to persecute or curtail the human rights of ethnic groups. Mr. M CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, this Congress has weighed in many times and in many ways on United States policy concerning Tibet. One of the most significant things we did was to approve the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002, which is supposed to guide U.S. Government policy. It encourages dia-logue between the Chinese Government and representatives of the Dalai Lama, and it created the post of Special Coor-dinator for Tibetan Issues within the Department of State. Last July, in recognition of His Holi-ness, the Dalai Lama’s 80th birthday, the House approved H. Res. 337, which cited the Tibetan Policy Act. In that resolution, Congress strongly encour-aged the Government of the People’s Republic of China and His Holiness to hold substantive dialogue, without pre-conditions, in order to address Tibetan grievances and secure a negotiated agreement for the Tibetan people. We also called for the establishment of a U.S. consulate in Lhasa. We urged the immediate and uncon-ditional release of Tibetan political prisoners, including the 11th Panchen Lama, and Tenzin Delek Rinpoche, a Tibetan monk who tragically and un-necessarily died in Chinese custody shortly after. We called on the United States Gov-ernment to underscore that any gov-ernment’s interference in the Tibetan reincarnation process is a violation of the internationally recognized right to religious freedom. We called upon the Government of China to allow U.S. officials and jour-nalists and other citizens unrestricted access to Tibetan areas of China, as we allow Chinese officials and citizens ac-cess to the United States’ territory. We asked that the United States and international governments, organiza-tions, and civil society renew and rein-force initiatives to promote the preser-vation of the distinct religious, cul-tural, linguistic, and national identity of the Tibetan people. We urged the United States to use its voice and vote to encourage develop-ment organizations and agencies to de-sign and implement development 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.034 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3752 June 13, 2016 
projects that fully comply with the Tibet Project principles. These prin-ciples are meant to ensure that the needs of the Tibetan people guide all development in Tibetan areas; that their projects respect Tibetan culture, traditions, knowledge, and wisdom; and that the development initiatives nei-ther provide incentives for nor facili-tate the migration and settlement of non-Tibetans into Tibet, nor the trans-fer of ownership of Tibetan land or nat-ural resources to non-Tibetans. All of these recommendations for what the United States Government should be doing are just as valid today as they were last year because very lit-tle progress has been made in the last year. I say ‘‘very little’’ because we have acknowledged the important ges-ture China made in allowing last fall’s codel to travel to Tibet, but that is about all that has happened, and the Dalai Lama is about to be a year older. If we are not going to get moving on those longstanding recommendations, let me suggest some other things we could try. We could start a campaign to get China to allow the Dalai Lama to return to Tibet. Article 13 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights says that everyone has the right to freedom of movement and residence within the borders of each state and, two, everyone has the right to leave any country, including his own, and to return to his country. It is time to let the Dalai Lama return to his country. This House could pass a bill that I in-troduced, the Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act, basically saying that, if the Chinese Government restricts U.S. offi-cials and U.S. citizens access to Tibet, then we should consider limiting the access of Chinese officials when they visit the United States. We could make sure that the U.S. Government invites the Dalai Lama to every event on every occasion where his decades of knowledge, experience, and reflections would be helpful for ad-dressing the world’s problems. The Dalai Lama is a world spiritual and philosophical leader who should be con-tributing to global debates on coun-tering violent extremism and on fos-tering peace in war-torn countries. These are just a couple of topics on which I am convinced we could all ben-efit from his wisdom. We could insist that Tibet be part of our climate change discussions with China. Climate change is one of the few topics on which the U.S. and China have found common ground. It is a critically important topic for Tibet, given its fragile environment and its critically important reserves of fresh-water. Tibet is warming three times as fast as the rest of the world, but it is absent from the global climate change debate. b2115 The Chinese leadership has acknowl-edged at the highest levels the scale of the environmental crisis it faces. Con-serving the Tibetan Plateau is surely a shared interest, and it can only be achieved with the full participation of the Tibetan people. It is time to rally around some of these ideas or to find others. It is time to do something different on Tibet. It is time for us to think differently and to think out of the box on ways that we can advance dialogue with China, not in a confrontational way, but in ways to get China to understand the impor-tance of recognizing the human rights of the Tibetan people and recognizing the importance of His Holiness the Dalai Lama and allowing him to return to his homeland. Madam Speaker, many of my col-leagues wanted to be here today to speak on this. I include the statements of the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APUANO ) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) in the R ECORD . Last week the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ), and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
EN-
SENBRENNER ) submitted their state-ments to the R
ECORD . In closing, again, I would urge all of my colleagues to join with the leader and myself in welcoming His Holiness the Dalai Lama to Washington, D.C., to the United States, wishing him good health and praying that reconciliation between the Tibetan people and the Chinese Government happens very, very soon. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Madam Speaker, I believe that the U.S. must remain committed to defending human rights and personal freedoms both within the U.S. and abroad. As our country continues to advance U.S.-China relations, we must never forget the people of Tibet. Restric-tions on human rights and religious freedom in Tibet have been a growing concern to many. As a member of the Congressional Executive Committee on China, I share this concern. While Chinese investments have undoubtedly helped to modernize Tibet, these investments must not come at the expense of the rich cul-tural, linguistic, and religious heritage of the Tibetan people. We must continue to support the protection of traditional Tibetan culture. As you may know, I had the opportunity to be one of the first groups of Americans to travel to China and teach Chinese high school students in 1989. During that trip, I also trav-eled to Tibet in 1990 and, most recently, I have returned as a member of the Congres-sional Delegation visiting China and Tibet. The boosted economic growth, higher household incomes, and constructed railway projects have facilitated the rapid modernization of the Tibet Autonomous Region. However, we need to continue to have constructive dialogues with China to ensure the preservation of traditional Tibetan culture and Tibet’s fragile ecology. The Congressional Delegation trip to Tibet provided an opportunity to have a healthy dia-logue, and I want to thank our Chinese friends for engaging with us in a discussion over the most sensitive issues concerning Tibet. As a southern Minnesotan, I understand the impor-tance of spurring economic growth while si-multaneously protecting natural wonders and culture. With this in mind, I believe that Tibet-ans must receive the necessary rights that will allow them to protect their culture, language, religion, and environment. The U.S. was founded on the ideas of uni-versal freedom, and I believe that we must continue to urge the Chinese government to provide less regulated religious freedom to the Tibetans. I strongly believe that a critical step to achieving religious freedom in Tibet is in-cluding the Dalai Lama in future dialogues. I have had the pleasure of meeting His Holi-ness on three occasions, and I share his de-sire to preserve Tibetan culture and resolve other issues concerning Tibet. Lastly, I en-courage the Chinese government to agree to establish a U.S. Consulate in the Tibetan city of Lhasa because I believe diplomacy and talking through our concerns and partnerships under the lens of transparency can only strengthen the relationship between our two countries. I will continue to support attempts to have productive dialogues with the Chinese govern-ment concerning the future of Tibet. Improve-ments in the quality of life, access to clean water, and access to health care services in Tibet must also include efforts to preserve the Tibetan way of life. Mr. CAPUANO. Madam Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to His Holiness the Dalai Lama. He has come to Washington to be present when the National Endowment for Democracy (NED) awards its Democracy Service Medal post-humously to another heroic spiritual leader, Tenzin Delek Rinpoche, who died in captivity in China in July of last year. The NED will also honor the Central Tibetan Administration, based in Dharamshala, India, for its commit-ment to freedom and democracy. It is fitting, too, as Prime Minister Nahrendra Modi con-cludes his visit, to recognize the generosity India has shown to exiles seeking political and religious liberty within its borders. With His Holiness and with all Tibetans, we grieve for all they have endured since the Chi-nese invasion, the sorrows of those who live in exile and the sufferings of those who re-main. I am outraged that oppression and mur-der continue unabated. With His Holiness and with Tenzin Delek Rinpoche’s cousin Geshe Nyima, representing his bereaved family, we mourn the shameful persecution and tragic death of a man committed to nonviolence. I urge the House to approve H. Res 584, urging President Obama to seek an independent in-vestigation of his death and to call publicly for an end to the repressive policies of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China in Tibet. It has been in committee for many months. Elie Wiesel, like His Holiness awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, exhorts us: There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injus-tice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest. Indeed, we do protest, and fur-ther we should never cease to hold oppres-sors accountable. The people of Tibet, in-spired by the Dalai Lama, continue to cherish their culture and traditions. I wish them all his faith and courage, today, tomorrow and every day until Tibet is free. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. G
RIFFITH (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of family obligations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.065 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3753 June 13, 2016 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1762. An act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, as the ‘‘Loren R. Kaufman VA Clinic’’. H.R. 2212. An act to take certain Federal lands located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and for other purposes. H.R. 2576. An act to modernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, and for other pur-poses. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 16 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, June 14, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. 5666. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, a let-ter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-411, ‘‘School Attendance Clari-fication Amendment Act of 2016’’, pur-suant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814), was taken from the Speaker’s table, referred to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 5049. A bill to provide for improved management and oversight of major multi-user research facili-ties funded by the National Science Founda-tion, to ensure transparency and account-ability of construction and management costs, and for other purposes; with an amend-ment (Rept. 114–619). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 5312. A bill to amend the High-Performance Com-puting Act of 1991 to authorize activities for support of networking and information tech-nology research, and for other purposes; (Rept. 114–620). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. STIVERS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 778. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5053) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit the secretary of the Treasury from requiring that the identity of contributors to 501(c) or-ganizations be included in annual returns; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5293) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses; (Rept. 114–621). Referred to the House Calendar. PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BUCHANAN (for himself, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. R
EED, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. D
OLD, Mr. L ARSON of Con-necticut, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, and Ms. L INDA T. S
A´NCHEZ of California): H.R. 5456. A bill to amend parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to invest in funding prevention and family services to help keep children safe and supported at home, to ensure that children in foster care are placed in the least restrictive, most fam-ily-like, and appropriate settings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia (for himself, Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. C OLLINS  of Georgia, Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. T OM P
RICE of Georgia, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. W
ESTMORELAND , Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. B UCK, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. R OS-
KAM, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali-fornia, Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. W
OODALL , Mr. B RAT, Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ARR, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. R US-
SELL, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. F LEM-
ING, Mr. R OUZER , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. R OE of Tennessee, Mr. B
LUM, Mr. L ONG, Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , and Mr. I SSA): H.R. 5457. A bill to redesignate Gravelly Point Park, located along the George Wash-ington Memorial Parkway in Arlington County, Virginia, as the Nancy Reagan Me-morial Park, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. STEWART: H.R. 5458. A bill to provide for coordination between the TRICARE program and eligi-bility for making contributions to a health savings account, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DONOVAN (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , and Mr. P
AYNE ): H.R. 5459. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance preparedness and response capabilities for cyber attacks, bolster the dissemination of homeland secu-rity information related to cyber threats, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. PAYNE (for himself and Mr. D
ONOVAN ): H.R. 5460. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish a review process to review applications for certain grants to purchase equipment or systems that do not meet or exceed any applicable national voluntary consensus standards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. POLIQUIN (for himself and Mr. HILL): H.R. 5461. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to submit a report to the ap-propriate congressional committees on the estimated total assets under direct or indi-rect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LOEBSACK (for himself, Mr. T
ONKO , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. E
NGEL ): H.R. 5462. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for a State Medicaid option to enhance administrative matching funds to support statewide behav-ioral health access program activities for children under 21 years of age, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 5463. A bill to support programs for mosquito-borne and other vector-borne dis-ease surveillance and control; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 5464. A bill to provide that certain project works on the St. Croix River, Maine, are not required to be licensed by the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mr. C
AS-
TRO of Texas, Mr. V ELA, Mr. H INO-
JOSA, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. D
OGGETT , and Mr. H
ONDA ): H. Res. 777. A resolution recognizing Mayte Lara Ibarra, and Larissa Martinez for their bravery and leadership in addressing anti- immigrant sentiments voiced by United States politicians; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. JONES (for himself, Mr. M
ASSIE , and Mr. L YNCH ): H. Res. 779. A resolution enforcing the Con-stitution’s separation of powers and the con-gressional prerogative of disclosure under the speech or debate clause by directing the Chairman and ranking minority member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives to publish in the Congressional Record the 28- page chapter which was redacted from the December 2002 Final Report of the Joint In-quiry into Intelligence Community Activi-ties Before and After the Terrorist Attacks of September 11, 2001; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-self, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. E
NGEL ): H. Res. 780. A resolution urging respect for the constitution of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the democratic transition of power in 2016; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.037 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3754 June 13, 2016 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BUCHANAN: H.R. 5456. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: H.R. 5457. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2, which states: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States . . .’’ By Mr. STEWART: H.R. 5458. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1. By Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 5459. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. PAYNE: H.R. 5460. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 5461. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 5462. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Con-stitution which grants Congress the power to provide for the general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 5463. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 5464. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 grants Congress the power to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 402: Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 465: Mr. R
OHRABACHER . H.R. 592: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 605: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 608: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 670: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 835: Mr. J
OLLY . H.R. 923: Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Mr. W ITT-
MAN, and Mr. P OMPEO . H.R. 1076: Mr. B
EYER and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 1095: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 1116: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 1209: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 1211: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 1221: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1706: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 1726: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 1771: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 1904: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 1905: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 2058: Mr. P
ETERSON and Mr. M ARINO . H.R. 2189: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 2216: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 2257: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 2461: Ms. N
ORTON and Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK . H.R. 2483: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 2633: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 2641: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 2646: Mr. M
OOLENAAR and Ms. G
RANGER . H.R. 2680: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 2737: Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. H ANNA , Ms. H ER-
RERA BEUTLER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. B RADY of Penn- sylvania, Mr. R
USH, Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 2739: Mr. F
LORES , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2759: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 2817: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 2846: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 2903: Mr. M
ICA, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. R
OTHFUS , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 2948: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 2963: Mr. C
OURTNEY and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . H.R. 3094: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 3119: Mr. R
EICHERT and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 3229: Ms. E
STY. H.R. 3235: Ms. G
RAHAM and Ms. D EGETTE . H.R. 3535: Mr. F
ATTAH . H.R. 3546: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3844: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 3870: Mr. P
OLIQUIN and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 4013: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . H.R. 4059: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 4087: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H.R. 4137: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4223: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 4247: Mr. N
UNES and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 4262: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 4352: Mr. H
ECKof Washington. H.R. 4365: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 4381: Mr. B
LUM, Mr. N UNES , and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 4488: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 4499: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 4514: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 4567: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 4574: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 4582: Mr. L
AMALFA and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 4592: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia and Mr. M
CDERMOTT . H.R. 4625: Ms. G
RAHAM , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H
IGGINS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 4646: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4653: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 4695: Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. M ATSUI , and Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 4715: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 4730: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia and Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 4764: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 4770: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 4773: Mr. F
INCHER . H.R. 4798: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas. H.R. 4816: Mr. A
DERHOLT . H.R. 4818: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 4819: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 4828: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS and Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia. H.R. 4869: Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 4893: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 4927: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 4939: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 5008: Mr. N
OLAN and Ms. T SONGAS . H.R. 5012: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 5025: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. I SRAEL , and Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 5061: Mr. D
OLD. H.R. 5073: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 5143: Mr. M
CHENRY . H.R. 5166: Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. P
ITTS, Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 5171: Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. S MITH of Ne- braska, and Mr. N
UNES . H.R. 5187: Mr. B
LUM, Mr. K NIGHT , and Mr. N
UNES . H.R. 5190: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 5207: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 5230: Mr. B
ENISHEK . H.R. 5249: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 5258: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 5263: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 5275: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 5287: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 5292: Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. G
RAHAM , Mr. R OSS, Mr. J ONES , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. A
SHFORD , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 5313: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 5346: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 5392: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. C OLE, Mr. D
OLD, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. H UN-
TER, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. J
OYCE , Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 5395: Ms. G
RANGER . H.R. 5396: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 5405: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . H.R. 5411: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 5421: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 5429: Mr. N
EUGEBAUER . H.R. 5443: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H. Con. Res. 114: Mr. R
OSS. H. Res. 14: Mr. A
SHFORD . H. Res. 210: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H. Res. 220: Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H. Res. 343: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. Y OHO, and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H. Res. 494: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida and Mr. R
OSS. H. Res. 549: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H. Res. 613: Mr. I
SSA. H. Res. 625: Mr. Y
ODER . H. Res. 650: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H. Res. 694: Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H. Res. 750: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , and Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 769: Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H
ECK of Washington, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.023 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3755 June 13, 2016 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. P OLIS, Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
68. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Council of the District of Columbia, rel-ative to Council Resolution 21-292, entitled ‘‘Sense of the Council in Support of a ’State-hood or Else’ Signature Campaign Resolu-tion of 2015’’; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.022 H13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3813 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JUNE 13, 2016 No. 93 
Senate 
The Senate met at 4 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable J
ONI E
RNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Hear our prayer, O Lord. Rouse Your power and come. We stumble and fail without Your beacon of peace to guide us. As darkness seeks the upper hand with the Orlando massacre, shine Your light of hope upon our land. Despite the pain and horror of this tragedy, empower us to continue to trust in Your infinite mercy. Hear our prayers for those who died and for those who mourn. Bring healing to those who were injured. Lord, give our lawmakers the wisdom to understand better the causes of vio-lence which exists in our Nation and world. Use them to bring comfort, hope, and peace in the midst of insan-ity. Help us to remember the warning of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., when he said: ‘‘We must learn to live together as brothers and sisters or we will die together as fools.’’ We pray in Your sovereign Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, June 13, 2016. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable J
ONIERNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mrs. ERNST thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR THE VICTIMS OF THE ORLANDO AT-TACK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now observe a moment of silence for the victims of the Orlando attack. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. The Senate will now observe a mo-ment of silence for the victims of the Orlando attack. (Moment of silence.) The Senate majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, above this Capitol, the American flag flies at half-staff—a symbol of national sorrow for lives taken far too soon, a symbol of national solidarity for fami-lies left behind plunged into despair. ISIL claims that the terrorist who committed this horrific act is one of the ‘‘soldiers of the caliphate.’’ Our in-telligence community will work to es-tablish whether this terrorist was di-rected or inspired by ISIL. Either way, I will call him what he really is: a cow-ard, a murderer who claimed allegiance to a brutal group that crucifies chil-dren and beheads women. This terrorist sought to spread fear and sadness and suffering. Yet, even amidst the horror, he couldn’t destroy our common bonds of humanity. Every act of compassion, every outstretched arm to a friend, every calming word to a stranger—a response to his cruel ide-ology and a reminder of who we are as Americans. Let us recognize each act of heroism that night, and let us never forget the debts we owe to first responders—the men and women who rush toward dan-ger and put their lives on the line for victims they never met. Local law enforcement will continue working with the FBI to determine the exact nature of this crime. We will soon find out more details. We will learn, for instance, whether this attack was ISIL directed or inspired. Whether this terrorist was in communication with ISIL in Raqqa or simply following tactics set forth in Dabiq, ISIL’s online magazine, it leads to a larger point. It is no longer an open, analytical ques-tion whether the followers of ISIL and other Islamic terrorist groups will at-tempt to strike us here in the West— they have, and they will continue to do so. We need to do what we can to fight back so we can prevent more of these atrocities. That is exactly why, for in-stance, the Senate needs to be briefed on the President’s counter-ISIL cam-paign. Understanding the President’s plan with respect to ISIL is critical, es-pecially given that the war in Iraq and Syria will outlive the life of his admin-istration. That is why we have been asking the administration for briefings on his strategy for a very long time. I expect this will now happen very soon. We will also be receiving a briefing on the Orlando attack this Wednesday, but today is a day for sorrow and re-membrance. We saw the face of evil this weekend, and we stand shoulder to shoulder with fellow Americans this afternoon. We grieve for the victims, and we say this to their families and to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.000 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3814 June 13, 2016 
Orlando: You are not alone. Your Na-tion is here with you, and we won’t back down in the face of terrorism. 
f 
REMEMBERING GEORGE VOINOVICH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, on one final matter, I wish to say a few words about a colleague we lost this past weekend. George Voinovich was the oldest of six children and, until his late teens, an aspiring doctor. Then he realized he didn’t get along with the scientists, so he joined the Boy Scouts. He got in-volved in student government, and he told his friends that one day he would become mayor and Governor. He was right. This is the guy voters chose to turn around Cleveland after a wrenching fiscal crisis. Mayor Voino-vich came to office with a simple motto: ‘‘Together We Can Do It.’’ And together they did. Debts were paid down, jobs were added, and slowly the buckle of the Rust Belt became come-back city. His success propelled him to the Gov-ernor’s mansion, where he served two terms, and then to the U.S. Senate, where he served another two terms. Here in the Senate, he was at the fore-front of a number of important policy debates. He was an advocate for more efficient and effective government. He was an advocate for an ‘‘all of the above’’ energy approach. And this son of Eastern European immigrants cited his work to help spearhead two rounds of NATO expansion as one of his proud-est achievements. ‘‘[When NATO’s Sec-retary General] officially announced the decision to invite Bulgaria, Esto-nia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slo-vakia, and Slovenia,’’ he recalled, ‘‘this was truly one of the most thrilling days of my tenure as a Senator.’’ Sen-ator Voinovich had a storied political career that took him from Cleveland, to Columbus, to Washington, and around the world. All along, he kept himself guided by his Catholic faith and anchored by his family. He ultimately retired to spend more time with the people who really mattered. At the top of that list was the woman who made him whole. If you don’t think storybook romances can start at a Cleveland Young Republicans Club, then you didn’t know George and Janet Voinovich. George and Janet were best friends, they were political confidantes, and they were deeply in love. Here in Washington, you could find them strolling to the Capitol for work or to St. Joe’s for mass. When Janet came to visit the office, George would greet her with a kiss and a hug. When the Voinoviches flew back to Cleveland, which was most weekends, they would hold hands and say a prayer across the aisle to prepare for takeoff. And when it was wheels down, Janet would put Ohio’s senior Senator to work on their modest home in Cleve-land. They purchased that house in the 1970s in the same working-class neigh-borhood where George was raised. They spent the rest of their lives together in the same house, but they never got around to installing an air-conditioner. ‘‘Too expensive,’’ George said. George Voinovich was known for many things in his decades of public service. He was honest, he was plainspoken, he was loyal to those who worked for him, and, yes, he was fru-gal. Janet may not have appreciated it when the heat waves hit, but these are qualities that served him well in office. When asked about his legacy, Sen-ator Voinovich said he just wanted to know he had touched people’s lives and made things better. The mark of his impact across his city and across his State is clear enough to see. There is the Voinovich School of Leadership and Public Affairs at Ohio University, the Voinovich Trade Center in Colum-bus, the Voinovich atrium at Cleve-land’s Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and the George V. Voinovich Bridge. The bridge named for a man known for building bridges of his own went dark in his honor last night. The city of Cleveland, the State of Ohio, and the citizens of our country have lost an outstanding public serv-ant. Many of us have lost a good friend. The Senate marks his passing with sor-row. We will keep Janet and the rest of the Voinovich family in our thoughts. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
REMEMBERING GEORGE VOINOVICH Mr. REID. Madam President, before I start my remarks on the subject of the day, I wish to speak about another sub-ject of the day, as Senator M
CCONNELL  has indicated, George Voinovich. He was a fine man. He died yesterday morning. He was a colleague and a friend. He passed away at his home in Cleveland, which Senator M
CCONNELL  talked about. He was one of the most experienced public servants with whom I have served. His career in public serv-ice began 53 years ago as Ohio’s assist-ant attorney general. From there, he served as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives, county auditor, county commissioner, Lieutenant Gov-ernor, mayor of Cleveland, Governor of Ohio, and then in 1999 he brought his wealth of experience to the U.S. Sen-ate. Senator Voinovich was well regarded for his preparation and hard work. He was courageous. George was one of the few Senate Republicans to speak out against the unpaid-for Bush tax cuts because he thought they were wrong. He questioned the strategy of the war in Iraq, which he also thought was wrong. George Voinovich was right on both of those issues, and the other Re-publicans were wrong. Senator Voinovich voted to repeal don’t ask, don’t tell and bucked the rest of his party by voting for back-ground checks on all firearm purchases at gun shows. Again, he was right, and his colleagues were wrong. Today the Senate mourns the Voino-vich family. I send my personal condolences to George’s wife of 54 years, Janet; their children, George, Betsy, and Peter; and their seven grandchildren. He was a great Senator. He will be missed by his loved ones, the people of Ohio, and the United States. f 
MASS SHOOTING IN ORLANDO Mr. REID. Madam President, every-one is in a state of shock and sadness today, following the worst mass shoot-ing in modern American history. The facts continue to develop—I had a long conversation with the FBI this morning—but we do know this much. A shooter pledging allegiance to ISIS opened fire at an LGBT locality in Or-lando, FL, killing 49 people and leaving dozens seriously injured. This was an act of terror in every sense of the word. This was an attack on the LGBT com-munity and all of America. My heart goes out to the victims, their families, especially those who were killed and wounded, and to the many first responders who were on the scene where one police officer was wounded. I hope every Member of the House and Senate had time for quiet reflec-tion yesterday to ask what we could have done to prevent this tragedy. I had time to think about it. I am heart-sick. I am basically sick by our inac-tion. It is shameful that the U.S. Sen-ate has done nothing—nothing—to stop these mass shootings. Is this what we want for America? I don’t think so. Do we want to live in a country where someone who has sworn alle-giance to ISIS can walk into a store, buy assault weapons and explosives, and murder dozens of Americans in a club or at a school? I don’t think we do. Is that a country where we want to live? Because that is the country where we live now, thanks to the National Rifle Association and their cowardly supporters in Congress. Last December, the senior Senator from California proposed legislation that would prevent FBI terror suspects from purchasing firearms and explo-sives. All but one Republican voted against the Feinstein amendment. That means that as of today, FBI ter-ror suspects can walk into a gun store and legally purchase assault weapons and explosives. It is beyond me how these same Republicans go home know-ing they voted to let FBI terror sus-pects continue to buy assault weapons. Senate Republicans have voted against expanding background checks, limits on the size of ammunition clips, and the assault weapons ban. How can these same Republicans campaign for reelection in good conscience, knowing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.003 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3815 June 13, 2016 
they voted to block every sensible bill to address gun violence? Not some of them, all of them. For example, how can the junior Sen-ator from Florida—who all of a sudden has an interest in running for reelec-tion—how can he speak of running for office again when he voted to let poten-tial terrorists buy assault weapons and explosives? That is how he voted. The junior Senator has voted against every gun safety measure. He was quoted as saying: Well, with what happened yes-terday, I might reconsider. He better reconsider his gun votes. He voted against background checks, assault weapons ban, and against legislation limiting the size of ammunition clips. I ask again: Is this what we want for America? Mass shooting after mass shooting, and each new attack, it seems, is worse than the previous one. We still have much to learn about the Orlando shooting, but we know one thing for sure. Congress is failing to do anything to prevent these mass killings—anything. Why? Because of Republican obstruction. Because of Re-publican obstruction, we are doing nothing. We are failing every one of the people killed on Sunday, their families, the whole State of Florida—the whole country. We are failing the families. We are failing everyone who has died in these mass shootings—and there are thousands of them—and those who have lost loved ones to mass shoot-ings—thousands of them, I repeat; the injured, tens of thousands. As President Obama said yesterday, ‘‘To actively do nothing is a decision as well.’’ And my Republican colleagues have made that decision: doing noth-ing. It is time again to try to stop the plague of gun violence. We have a re-sponsibility as lawmakers to do what we can to prevent these shootings, to enact commonsense reforms—nothing radical—that have proven to stop these attacks and save lives. We should start by closing the loop-hole that allows terrorists to legally purchase weapons and explosives. Re-member, everyone, we voted on this. Everyone in this Chamber should be able to agree that a suspected terrorist shouldn’t have guns. Is it more than common sense? I don’t think so. We should do something to expand background checks, ensuring that ter-ror suspects and criminals don’t slip through the cracks, and we should do something to limit the size of weapon magazines and clips. There is no reason for gun stores to sell these clips that are that big, magazines or drums de-signed for the mass killing of human beings. That is what they are made for—no other purpose. People don’t hunt with them. Our Nation can no longer ignore the fact that every day Americans are being gunned down in cold blood. We can no longer ignore the will of the people. We shouldn’t, at least. We can no longer ignore the will of the people. The overwhelming majority of voters support these proposals. According to a December poll by one of the foremost polling agencies in America, nearly 90 percent of Americans are in favor of ex-panded background checks. It doesn’t matter what State you go to. This was a nationwide poll. In Nevada, Massa-chusetts, Iowa—it doesn’t matter where you go. More than 80 percent of Americans want to close so-called ter-ror loopholes, preventing people on ter-ror watch lists from purchasing fire-arms. I see my friend from Florida be-hind me. Of course they care, as much as anyone, if not more, today. Yet, in spite of the public’s demand for action, Senate Republicans con-tinue to cower—cower—before the NRA and the Gun Owners of America. The NRA is bad—really bad—but Gun Own-ers of America is even worse than bad. These two organizations are com-peting, seeing just how extreme they can be in pushing for more guns and fewer protections. And I know, after the statement I am making today, they will send out these fundraising calls: R
EIDis trying to take away our guns. Send us some money. These two organizations are com-peting to see how extreme they can be in pushing for more guns and fewer protections. Congressional Republicans are content just to go along. Repub-licans are so terrified of the extreme right that they refuse to pass legisla-tion supported by the vast majority of their own constituents. The NRA and the Gun Owners of America mean more to them than the people they rep-resent. Do you know what terrifies the American people? It is not the NRA. It is not the Gun Owners of America. Mass shootings scare the American people. Innocent victims being gunned down at nightclubs and holiday parties and schools and movie theaters, that is what scares the American people. Republicans need to find the back-bone to stand up to groups like the NRA and Gun Owners of America. Sen-ate Republicans are stalling important mental health legislation because they are afraid to talk about gun safety measures. Not only are they stalling, but Senate Republicans—led by the as-sistant Republican leader—are even threatening to include a provision that weakens the FBI’s current background check system—which isn’t much, to be honest with you—and to weaken it more would be speaking volumes. We don’t need to hear any more of the gun lobby’s talking points about how more guns are the answer to what is going on in America or hiring secu-rity guards will solve our Nation’s scourge of gun violence. The Pulse nightclub in Orlando had security, and there was reportedly an armed, off- duty police officer on the scene, but even that didn’t prevent this tragedy. Instead of pushing for more guns, maybe it is time to make it harder for terrorists and criminals to get guns. It is time for Congress to do something to stop the mass slaughter that is being carried out in our communities. How else can we describe it? Are 50 dead people—49 plus the killer—49 dead peo-ple—is that enough to get our atten-tion? The 50-odd who were injured, and somebody may be paralyzed, is that enough to get our attention? It is time for Congress to do some-thing—something—to stop this mass slaughter that is being carried out in our communities. Going forward, Democrats are going to continue to support and continue to push these so-lutions to our Nation’s gun violence epidemic, and we are going to, as soon as we can, force a vote on this terror loophole. We are going to do this as soon as possible. There is no excuse for allowing suspected terrorists to buy guns. There is much we can do but not if Republicans aren’t serious about ad-dressing these problems, and histori-cally it has been proven they do not care. I hope Republicans will find the cour-age, like George Voinovich, to help us pass meaningful legislation to protect the American people. By the way, George Voinovich was a good Repub-lican. Madam President, will the Chair an-nounce the business for the rest of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of S. 2943, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2943) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McCain amendment No. 4607, to amend the provision on share-in-savings contracts. Reed (for Reid) amendment No. 4603 (to amendment No.4607), to change the enact-ment date. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Florida. 
MASS SHOOTING IN ORLANDO  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I have just returned from the command center of the emergency operations center, a temporary one that has been set up in the middle of South Orange Avenue, very close to the Pulse night-club, not far from the hospital where so many of the victims have been taken, where 9 of the victims died in the care of the doctors, and where there are up to 50 people, some of whom are still fighting for their lives. Needless to say, Orlando is shocked. We didn’t know a place that sometimes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.007 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3816 June 13, 2016 
is called the happiest place on Earth could be one of the saddest places on Earth. Indeed, the morning’s Orlando Sentinel, the entire front page is dedi-cated to a statement by the paper enti-tled ‘‘Our Community Will Heal.’’ Will our community heal? Well, certainly, in what we see with the long lines snaking around the block at the blood donation center, where it is literally going around what would be the length of 2 blocks, and where there are people standing in the hot Sun with umbrellas to donate blood, that says something about how the community will heal. Indeed, when we had our office in Or-lando opened on Sunday, the kinds of calls expressing grief and shock and just disbelief, along with the messages of comfort, has been quite a contrast to the 95 percent of the hundreds and hun-dreds of calls the Orlando office has re-ceived today. Ninety-five percent of those calls have been hateful. What does that say about us as a na-tion? Will we, in fact, heal? What does it say about us as a nation deep inside? Have we lost the teachings in almost all the major religions—clearly in the Holy Scriptures of the Old Testament and clearly in the New Testament, as well as in the Koran. You will recog-nize these words if I say it in the old English: Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. Putting it in modern English, it means to treat oth-ers as you would want to be treated. Yet what we find is that in our society today there are folks who want to di-vide instead of unify, and this killer is a good example. I have spent two days with the FBI. I have been on the phone. I have talked to the Secretary of Homeland Security. I have talked to our intelligence com-munity. It is this Senator’s opinion that once the dots are completely con-nected—and they are being rapidly con-nected. The FBI is doing a great job. They are the lead in Orlando. By the way, talking about something good, what about the cooperation and coordination, which has been almost seamless, among local, State, and Fed-eral Government officials, all rep-resented down there in the command center, all being represented as a num-ber of us went in front of the assembled cameras? It seems that is a good thing. That is unity. That is how we do things in America. Yet, as the dots are being connected, we will find out that, yes, this shooter was ISIS-inspired—and that is a whole set of issues—and how are we going to protect ourselves in the future? But we are also going to find that this shooter was inspired by hatred, and we are going to find that this hatred was di-rected, as his father already said in interviews, toward the gay community. So here again, we have another ter-rible tragedy. I have had a number of calls from my fellow Senators. One of those calls came from R
ICHARD  B
LUMENTHAL . He is from Connecticut. He has reason to be sensitive about this because of the Sandy Hook Ele-mentary School shooting, where 20 children and some 6 adults were gunned down needlessly. Maybe that was a mental case. Maybe part of this one in Orlando is a mental case. But it is driv-en by hatred, maybe through ISIS, a hatred of America and of a free society being willing to be able to speak what you want without fear of persecution, or maybe it is a hatred about a group of people. It is exactly the opposite of what is taught in all of the Scriptures. So as we heal in Orlando, it will take a while. You can imagine those fami-lies of the ones who have been lost. You can imagine the families down in the Orlando Health hospital right now, grieving, hoping, and praying that those victims fighting for their lives are going to make it. So America, we are going to have to dig down deep and find out who we really are. You know, I really know who we are. We are a people with a character that is compassionate, gen-erous, kind, and respectful. We as Americans are ladies and gentlemen. We can express ourselves as has been the tradition on the floor of this Sen-ate in the heat of political debate. We can sharply differ, but we can be re-spectful of the other fellow’s point of view. That is America, and until we fi-nally come to the conclusion and insist that this aberrant behavior be stopped—until that happens—we will still be grieving. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Thank you, Madam President. I rise to echo the sentiments of the Senator from Florida. His State has suffered an unspeakable tragedy. It is something that unfortunately brings together two terrible biases—one against the LGBT community and the other a religiously based radical attack inspired by ISIS at that nightclub. They all came together. To the Senator and to everyone from Florida, our deepest, deepest sympathies go to you. It was, of course, something that was understood in Massachusetts. He men-tioned the Tsarnaev brothers as an in-spiration to him. They struck on Patri-ots Day in 2013 in the United States. Mohamed Atta and the other nine hi-jackers were in Boston when they hi-jacked the two planes from Logan International Airport. So we know those people are out there. We know that their hate-filled message is in-tended to kill innocent Americans, and we saw it once again. Unfortunately, the target was a gay nightclub in Or-lando, Florida. But for us, I think we have to learn from this. This man had been inves-tigated as a terrorist suspect, and yet we are blocked—the Senator from Flor-ida and I and others—from passing a law that would prevent anyone on a terror watch list from buying a gun in these United States. It is not against the law. The National Rifle Association has enough power here on the floor of the Senate to prohibit someone who is on a terror watch list from buying guns in the United States of America. We need another vote on that issue here in the Senate. We need to give the protec-tions to the American people for them to know that someone on a terror watch list cannot buy a gun in the United States of America. We also have to ban these military- style assault weapons, like the AR–15, which are the guns of choice for those who seek to inflict mass casualties on civilians. These are not weapons that belong on the streets of our country. They belong in combat overseas, not in our communities. They don’t belong in Newtown, they don’t belong in San Bernardino, and they don’t belong in Orlando. They don’t belong in our streets or in our schools or in a civ-ilized society, yet we cannot ban these weapons from being sold in the United States of America. We have to prevent any known or suspected terrorist from buying fire-arms, and we have to make it impos-sible, as well, for them to buy these as-sault weapons. This is our challenge now. Once again, we are warned. Once again, we are told what the weapon of choice is. Once again, we know that they are going to target us if we make it easy for them to access these weap-ons. How many warnings do we need? The NRA really should stand for ‘‘not relevant anymore’’ in American poli-tics. They should not control the agen-da here on the floor of the Senate. We should be able to ban people on the ter-ror watch list from buying guns. We should be able to ban these assault weapons from being sold at all inside of our country. The Senate leadership should stop banning a vote here on the Senate floor on ensuring that we do the research at the CDC on this relation-ship between mental health and the use of guns within our society. The bill that I have introduced calls for $10 million a year for the next 6 years. We can’t even get the money to research gun violence in the United States of America. It doesn’t have to be this way. We can change. We can learn these lessons, but we can’t wait any longer to put those commonsense gun laws on the books. We cannot wait any longer to make our streets safer. So let’s close the gun show loophole that allows anyone to go into one of these Kmarts full of killing machines and buy a gun without a background check. Let’s close the loophole that al-lows domestic abusers to buy guns. Let’s close the loophole that allows straw purchasers to buy guns and flood our streets with them. Let’s repeal the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act and take away the gun man-ufacturers’ immunity from civil liabil-ity. PLCAA should stand for ‘‘pro-tecting lives, creating arms account-ability,’’ not protecting these arms manufacturers from liability if these guns are used to kill innocent people in our society. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.008 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3817 June 13, 2016 
So in the coming days and weeks, you can be assured that the National Rifle Association will be opposed to even these limited commonsense gun measures. The NRA has had a strangle-hold over Congress for far too long. It is time to end its reign of power. It is time to end its viselike grip on the safety and security of our Nation. Those in Congress who do not support these commonsense measures are sid-ing with those forces that make it easi-er for these massacres to happen. That is the bottom line of where we are. Now is the time to stand up for the families of Columbine, of Newtown, of Aurora, of Chattanooga, of Charleston, of San Bernardino, and now of Orlando, and of all of the cities across our country, which are saying: Enough is enough. I was so proud on Saturday to march in the Boston Gay Pride Parade. It was a joyous occasion where love, commu-nity, and social justice were all cele-brated with a passion and a real sense of progress. But as I woke up the next morning, I saw again how an individual armed with guns and fueled by extrem-ist ideology can fuel violence and ter-ror. We are a nation of hope, not hatred. After this tragedy, after this deplor-able attack, let’s denounce hate in all of its forms. Let’s stand with the LGBT community and raise our voices with dignity, equality, and love. Let’s say no to the rhetoric of hate that demon-izes our friends and neighbors because of their faith, sexual orientation, or be-cause of their country of origin. Let’s recommit to justice and moving progress forward. The American people are begging, pleading for this institution to enact commonsense gun safety measures. My hope is that the Senate can succeed where it has recently failed and muster the political will and courage to de-liver badly needed reform of our gun laws. Let’s work together to do this and to help prevent yet another mass shooting in our country. I yield back. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Madam President, it is good to see the Presiding Officer this afternoon. This past weekend, Saturday, my wife and I went to New York City at the invitation of one of our sons. We visited the 9/11 Memorial in New York, literally erected on the site of the World Trade Center. I must confess it was emotionally charging, very sad-dening, and at the same time uplifting and inspiring. I never imagined that within the space of less than 24 hours we would see dozens of our young have their lives taken from them. I remember walking through the 9/11 Memorial—and for those who have not been, I urge you to go. For those who have, you probably remember going through parts of the memorial and lit-erally seeing the faces of 3,000 men, women, and some children whose lives were snuffed out that day some 15 years ago. Every one of them had moms and dads. They had grand-parents. A number of them had chil-dren, spouses, brothers, sisters, cous-ins, nephews, and nieces. Those fami-lies struggle even today with their loss. The young people who died Saturday night, Sunday morning in a nightclub in Orlando, like those many folks whose faces we saw on Saturday, also have moms and dads, grandmoms, granddads, brothers, sisters, and cous-ins. Their families are mourning today just like others did 15 years ago. What I want to do is preface my re-marks by reaching out across the miles to the families who are mourning, try-ing to deal with their losses, and let them know that we want to take you in our loving embrace. To the best of our ability, we also want to make sure we continue to take steps in this coun-try to ensure we reduce the likelihood that these kinds of attacks are going to occur and that when they do, if they do, we are better prepared to deal with them. The killer, the man who took the lives of 49 people, demonstrated an act of hatred—in part, an act of terrorism but really an act of hatred. The ques-tion is, What do we do about it? Some would have us close our borders, the ability to come here even on a short- term basis: If you happen to be Muslim, we are going to keep you out. That is exactly what ISIS would like for us to do. There are 3.3 million Muslims in this country. The idea of somehow turning them against the rest of us, that is the kind of thing happening in some parts of Europe. Unlike Europe, we are a country where we accept the people who come to our shores. We accept them. When you were a stranger in my land, did you take me in? For us, for years, for decades, and for a couple of centuries, the answer has been yes. That doesn’t mean we shouldn’t very carefully check and test the backgrounds of the people who come here to make sure they are who they say they are, that they are not on a terrorist watch list. We have a bunch of those. We want to make sure our agencies and our ter-rorist watch lists are coordinated. We want to make sure our intelligence agencies are in close communication with one another. Part of the goal of ISIS is to make this a clash between the United States and the Muslim population here, 3.3 million people, and around the world. That is not what we should do. We should be smarter than that. One of the things we need to do is to continue the work that was begun from last year—I have said it often, I am going to say it again—to degrade and destroy those who would do us harm. Those who would do us enormous harm are trying to set up a caliphate. They are somehow using their religion, bas-tardizing their religion, and making it say things it doesn’t even begin to say. What we need to do is make sure they get no further. The progress that has been made in terms of rolling them back was with the help of a coalition that includes 15 nations—16 nations. We are taking back a lot of the land and about to—I hope—take Fallujah and Mosul and continue there. When ISIS wannabes pop up in other countries, the idea is to work with our coalition in the countries that ISIS is trying to get a foothold in and make sure they are not successful. So it is a little like Whac-a-Mole—but it is not a game—and it is one we want to make sure they don’t get a chance to get started there. If you look at the amount of money— ISIS used to make a lot of money sell-ing oil. They take over oil refineries and oilfields, and they sell the oil on the black market. We have greatly di-minished their ability to do that and greatly diminished their ability to make money. In some cases, we have figured out where they are keeping their cash stored, and we have gone in and destroyed literally hundreds of millions of dollars in their currency that they were harboring. There are a number of people coming from around the world to go to that part of the world—Iraq, Syria—who want to be ISIS volunteers. It is great-ly diminished from what it was. It is down from 2,000 a month this time maybe last year to something that is just a fraction of that. In the United States not that long ago, early this year, maybe six people a month were going from the United States to the Middle East to be part of ISIS, and they are down to maybe one per month. It is still one too many, but we are headed in the right direction. The people who are being radicalized here by ISIS, ISIS is not sending people here to radicalize them. ISIS is basi-cally trying to do this through social media, to use the Internet, and they are pretty good at it, but one of the things that will make them not so ef-fective is once we demonstrate—and I think we are on our way to doing that—that ISIS is a losing team. The people who are apparently claiming credit for it—or the killer in this case who killed all of our folks over the weekend, he was looking for a winning team. He is not a person who had a lot of wins in his life, and he wanted to be a part of a winning team. Our chal-lenge is to make sure that anybody who is looking for a winning team or thinks they can, through radicalization, attacks, and ter-rorism—we need to make sure they know they are barking up the wrong tree. ISIS is a losing team. One of the ways we can do that is—the Presiding Officer along with me and a number of others on the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs have been all over this issue for years. It led to the creation of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. We con-tinue to stay right on this issue, and we will probably be doing that for as long as any of us are in the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.018 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3818 June 13, 2016 
Part of what we should be doing, aside from degrading and destroying ISIS—if we are smart, one of the things we need to do is reach out to the Mus-lim community in this country, unlike what has happened in places in Europe, where you have a lot of Muslim folks who are all segregated. They are not part of the culture. They are not wel-comed so much in those countries. One of the things about us in America is we are a melting pot. We have been a melting pot forever. When I was a stranger in your land, did you take me in? For years, we said the answer is yes. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity has asked for authorization to be able to create our community partner-ship, to reach out to Muslim commu-nities across America, to meet with parents, with young people, not so young people, face the community, and make it clear they are a part of this country, make sure they say to their own people, their own young people: Don’t do this. Don’t do what this guy did over the weekend in Orlando. That is not part of our religion. It is not part of their religion. Don’t go there. The third thing we can do and ought to be doing is to strengthen our de-fenses at home. We had an active shooter situation for hours into the wee hours of Satur-day evening to Sunday morning, an ac-tive shooter situation. It is not the first active shooter situation we have faced. They are not easy to deal with. One of the things the Department of Homeland Security can do, is doing, and ought to be doing more of, if given the resources, is doing active shooter training in police agencies all over the United States. If they ever face a situa-tion such as this, they know what to do and they are able to be effective and save lives. The other thing I would mention in terms of resources, as the Presiding Of-ficer knows, we put a fair amount of re-sources toward a fusion center. Some-times people used to call them confu-sion centers, but actually they are a fusion center. They give the ability to State and local law enforcement agen-cies to work with the Feds to better ensure that information gathered lo-cally works its way up the channel, up through the chain of command, to be shared nationally with other States and with the Federal Government, and to make sure the converse is true, to the extent that we gather useful infor-mation at the national level, inter-national level, that we bring it down and we funnel it back into individual States through fusion centers so they act on that actionable intelligence. We need to work with energy in this regard. We need to work with a sense of urgency. We need to make sure, as we go through the appropriations process in the Senate in the days and weeks ahead, that we are putting resources, financial resources, where they need to go. A number of folks have asked me in interviews yesterday and today: What should we be doing about gun control? How does all of this relate to gun con-trol? The answer is, I am not sure how this is going to affect the way we view guns. I believe in the Second Amend-ment right. I am sure the Presiding Of-ficer does, a former Army colonel, re-tired colonel. I am a retired Navy cap-tain, a Vietnam veteran. My dad was a chief petty officer in World War II and served for a long time as a chief petty officer in the Reserves after that. My dad was a hunter. He came from a fam-ily of hunters and taught me to be a hunter and a fisherman. One of the proudest possessions I own is a shotgun my grandfather gave me before he died. When I was in the Navy, I used to go back on leave from Southeast Asia, go visit my parents near Clearwater, FL, and stay in a guest bedroom. In the guest bedroom, under my bed where I slept, were guns. I opened the closet in the guestroom for my clothes, and there were guns. My father, in addition to being a hunter, actually bought and sold guns. He would basically sell them to people he knew. He felt they were not people who were mentally unstable or people who were felons, but he be-lieved in the Second Amendment right. My dad also believed in common sense. My dad is now deceased, but if he were alive and he heard that people who are on terrorism watch lists can literally buy weapons, including as-sault weapons, automatic weapons, he would say: That doesn’t make any sense. If he found out we could go to a gun show, and a person who is mentally unstable, has a history of mental ill-ness, and maybe someone who is a con-victed felon could actually walk into a gun show and go to a federally reg-istered gun dealer, be denied the abil-ity to purchase an assault weapon, and then go to the next table over with someone who is not a federally reg-istered gun dealer and purchase the same weapon they had just been de-nied, in terms of what makes sense and doesn’t make sense to my dad and frankly to me—his son—those situa-tions don’t make a whole lot of sense. Those are areas we ought to agree on. One of our colleagues, as the Pre-siding Officer knows, Senator E
NZI from Wyoming, likes to talk about the 80–20 rule. It is a great rule. It says there is about 80 percent of the stuff we agree on and maybe 20 percent of an issue we don’t agree on. What we should do is focus on the 80 percent we agree on. My hope is—most Americans get it, in terms of making sure that folks who are on the terrorist watch list don’t have access to buy weapons. They get it. I think they also get the idea that this gun show loophole is something that ought to be closed as well. I close by saying, in a sense, this is a test of our character as a nation. I said earlier our tradition has always been that we welcome people from disparate places, in some cases people fleeing op-pression, lack of freedom, lack of reli-gious opportunities and freedom of worship. That is the way we operate as a country. You don’t open and read the Con-stitution—it doesn’t say Matthew 25 because we decided we are not going to establish a religion here. If we did, Matthew 25 says: When I was hungry, did you feed me? When I was thirsty, did you give me to drink? When I was naked, did you clothe me? When I was a stranger in your land, did you take me in? I think we have a moral obligation to the least of these, including those who are fleeing oppression in other places looking for an opportunity for a new life. I think we have a moral obligation to welcome them, but we have a moral obligation to those who live here, to make sure that as we welcome people from other places, we do not imperil them by those who arrive from other shores. The last thing I would say is, we need the kind of leadership in this body that seeks to really do what it says right over the Presiding Officer’s head, where the Presiding Officer is sitting. The Latin words—I don’t know a lot of Latin words but ‘‘e pluribus unum’’— from many, one. Those are words that we would be wise to remember from this day as we go forward. I think that is pretty much what I wanted to say. As this week goes on, I ask that my colleagues and I find out as much as we can, learn as much as we can, find out what went right and what went wrong, and do more of what went right. And at the end of the day, let’s make sure we are true to the values on which this country was built. I thank the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. COATS ). The Senator from Louisiana. Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, first of all, let me thank our colleague for his words. I certainly join him in mourn-ing the horrible, tragic loss of life this weekend in Orlando. Certainly I am committed, along with all our col-leagues, to fighting terror wherever it exists and whomever it targets. This was absolutely horrible. Mr. President, I also rise today in support of a really important piece of bipartisan legislation that I have been working on with Senator S
HAHEEN . I have introduced it to reauthorize the Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Trans-fer Programs—two vital small business programs in the Federal Government. We have an opportunity to accomplish this—to fully reauthorize and improve these programs—in the context of this Defense authorization bill that is on the floor now. I am very hopeful we are going to do that as part of a managers’ package to the bill. These two programs—the Small Busi-ness Innovation Research and the Small Business Technology Transfer Programs—are really vital and useful to the success of small businesses di-rectly responsible for creating thou-sands, tens of thousands of new jobs. By funding small businesses and en-trepreneurs in the critical early stages 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.020 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3819 June 13, 2016 
of R&D, these programs allow firms to drive the innovation sector of the econ-omy with new ideas and technologies. Very rarely have government programs had such a clear and measurable, posi-tive and stimulating effect on the economy. SBIR and STTR are also crucial to Federal agencies as they solve many of our biggest science and technology challenges. Giving small, innovative firms access to already appropriated Federal R&D funding is a win-win—a win for the small business sector and just as importantly a win for the tax-payer and those agencies. These programs exist to foster inno-vation, to facilitate public-private partnerships, to give firms the funding they need to help 11 Federal depart-ments and agencies meet their R&D needs. These programs not only create jobs, but they also lead to a path for commercialization for many of these businesses, which is absolutely key to their success. These programs have been front and center in improving our Nation’s ca-pacity to innovate. Over the course of the SBIR Program history from 1982 to 2014—the last year for which we have numbers—Federal agencies have made more than 152,000 SBIR awards to small businesses to develop innovative tech-nologies, and the total dollar amount awarded—again out of existing R&D budgets—is $42 billion. In 2014 alone, SBIR gave nearly 5,500 Phase I and Phase II awards worth about $2.2 billion, and the SBA is cur-rently reporting an average of 5,000 awards per year. These awards are di-rectly responsible for some of the most popular technologies that are available to the public today. For instance, through an SBIR award from the Air Force, we have created a technology known as LASIK, origi-nally to correct vision for pilots, but that is a widely used technology to cor-rect vision for all Americans. That was an SBIR success. Military armor has been a regular success of the SBIR Programs. ArmorWorks is a great example. That created over 350,000 top-of-the-line body armor plates worn by U.S. service men and women in the United States. Liftware Spoon—a spoon that sta-bilizes hand tremors for patients with Parkinson’s disease and essential trem-or—again is a clear, identifiable, and important SBIR success story. HydroMARK decreases patient dis-comfort with a minimally invasive breast biopsy procedure. With the HydroMARK, a mammogram is no longer necessary and the surgeon or ra-diologist can use an ultrasound to lo-cate the tumor. This is a huge innova-tion that has dramatically improved thousands of women’s lives and, again, directly out of SBIR. Bioseal reduces lung collapse rates after lung biopsies. iRobot’s Roomba is something I can relate to. It is moving around at home when I am there on the weekend. This is the popular autonomous robotic vac-uum cleaner that has reached major commercial success, selling over 10 million units. That is directly out of SBIR. These programs we are talking about, which have been so successful, are set to expire September 30 of 2017. As many of my colleagues can attest, it was a tumultuous process to com-plete the last reauthorization, so we are starting early now so we don’t go through that tumultuous process again. Back then—the last reauthoriza-tion—participating agencies and firms had to endure a process that took over 3 years and 14 short-term extensions. In a bipartisan effort with Senator S
HAHEEN , we have been working for the last year to avoid all that and to do this ahead of time so we don’t have all of that tumult and uncertainty, which saps the effectiveness of the program for a significant period of time. Reauthorizing these programs this year will ensure stability, foster an en-vironment of innovative entrepreneur-ship, and avoid that uncertainty by di-recting more than $200 billion annually to this R&D funding to the Nation’s small business firms. As chair of the Senate’s Small Busi-ness Committee, I have made this a real priority. Senator S
HAHEEN , as ranking member, has done the same. So I thank all of our committee mem-bers who are solidly behind this effort. I also thank so many other Members of the Senate who have been cooperative. In the context of this Defense bill, we have cleared our reauthorization amendment with the Senate Com-mittee on Armed Services, and I want to specifically thank Senators M
CCAIN and R
EEDfor their leadership. We have cleared it with the Commerce Com-mittee because agencies under the ju-risdiction of that committee are in-volved. We have cleared it with the HELP Committee. They have the same tangential relationship. We are the au-thorizing committee, but some agen-cies involved are under their jurisdic-tion. We have cleared it with everyone in sight, so that means we have a real opportunity to have this in the man-agers’ package—which it is, as I speak—and to pass it through the De-fense bill as a full reauthorization. I am also proud to share that not only will our reauthorization annually direct more than $2 billion of Federal R&D to small firms that are most like-ly to create jobs and commercialize their projects, but it will also establish the Regional SBIR State Collaborative Initiative Pilot Program to help low- participation States attract R&D fund-ing for their businesses. All of this reauthorization is a true consensus effort, so I am grateful to the more than 50 organizations that strongly support it—among them the Small Business Technology Council, the National Small Business Associa-tion and the Defense Alliance, and 47 more. It is a true consensus effort. They all support the effort, as does the leadership of SAS; Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; and the Com-merce Committee. So it is an impor-tant opportunity that we shouldn’t let fall through our grasp. Again, I want to stress that reauthor-izing this program is an effective way to meet national needs while jump- starting entrepreneurs, growing our economy, and creating jobs. With that, Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to support this consensus amendment and help ensure that small businesses across the country can oper-ate with long-term certainty and sta-bility, which this amendment will pro-vide. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. MASS SHOOTING IN ORLANDO  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, the atrocity that occurred this past week-end in Orlando, FL, was an attack on every American, and my deepest condo-lences are with the victims and the families of this appalling attack. I am grateful for our law enforcement and the first responders who bravely put their lives on the line to save others. This attack—the deadliest in Amer-ican history since 9/11—was carried out by a gunman who pledged allegiance to ISIS. There are 49 families who re-ceived phone calls this weekend—phone calls we all hope we never receive. There are 49 families who are arranging for funerals this week. They never dreamed they would be put in this posi-tion—the tragedy, the sorrow of the mothers, the fathers, the aunts, the un-cles, the brothers, the sisters, the grandparents, the cousins, and friends who will all be attending funerals this week. Additionally, there are more than 50 families dealing with family members who were injured, some gravely, who are fighting for their lives as I speak. Montana is a long ways away from Orlando, but I can tell you that last night across our State there were vigils in Great Falls, Helena, Missoula, Boze-man, Butte, and Billings, MT. We stand united with Orlando. This threat of ISIS is continuing to grow each and every day. We need a strong strategy to destroy the growing threat of Islamic extremism—Islamic extremism on our soil as well. Presi-dent Obama, what is that strategy? We need to aggressively go after rad-ical jihadists who seek to destroy our way of life and disturb the peace in our communities. The senseless hate of ISIS and radical Islam will not defeat us but, rather, strengthen our resolve and commitment to freedom. We need to remember that this was an act of terror on American soil, that this is a threat we face from radical Islam and ISIS, and that the worst re-sponse would be to politicize this and use this tragedy to restrict our con-stitutional rights and freedoms. We cannot allow dangerous terrorists to hide in our communities. We need to seek them out and ensure they aren’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.021 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3820 June 13, 2016 
able to inflict harm on our neighbors, our friends, and our families. May God comfort those who have been profoundly affected by this trag-edy, and may God protect our men and women who are defending our country both here and abroad every day. We are a strong nation, and together we will protect our country and ensure victory over the terrorists who want to take away our very way of life here in America. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I wish to associate myself with the remarks of the junior Senator from Montana. I appreciate his coming to the floor today. I rise today with a heavy heart. Since I first heard the horrible news about the senseless act of terrorism in Or-lando, the victims, the partners, and the families have been at the center of my thoughts and prayers. But thoughts and prayers are not enough. It is long past time for the Senate to come to-gether and have a conversation about what steps need to be taken to put an end to this violence and hatred. We cannot continue to be crippled by inac-tion. The Senate needs to come to-gether to strengthen our national secu-rity. After attacks like Orlando, we hear folks say ‘‘Never again,’’ but actions really do speak louder than words. It is time that we work together to try to prevent these senseless acts of terror and violence. That conversation begins with our national security and what needs to be done to keep our families and our communities safe. There are actions we can take right now to bolster our national security. There is no question that we must pass legislation that keeps guns out of the hands of terrorists. We absolutely do need to secure our borders. And we need to continue to crack down on in-sider threats by reforming our security clearance process. Intolerance and hate have no place in this country, and as elected leaders, we have a responsibility to ensure that every American can live their life each day free from fear. 
VETERANS FIRST ACT  
Mr. President, this Nation has made a sacred promise to the men and women who have served in our Armed Forces. These folks answered a call to duty, and they made selfless sacrifices to protect the freedoms we all enjoy. These heroes stood up for us, and now it is time for the Senate to stand up for them. Two years ago, when reports surfaced that veterans were dying while waiting to receive care at the VA, the Senate acted swiftly, and we passed legislation to build the capacity of the VA to bet-ter meet the needs of veterans now and into the future. Also included in that bill was the Veterans Choice Program, which allowed more veterans to seek care in their own community when they were unable to get timely care from the VA. Unfortunately, the Choice Program is broken. We have heard this from veterans and commu-nity leaders, from veteran service orga-nizations, from Republicans and from Democrats. The intent of the Choice Program was a good one—to get veterans care more quickly—but the rollout has been disastrous, causing far too many vet-erans to wait even longer for an ap-pointment. But because of the leader-ship of Chairman ISAKSON and Ranking Member B
LUMENTHAL , the Veterans’ Affairs Committee came together in May and approved the Veterans First Act, which includes provisions that I and Senator B
URR authored to fix the Choice Program. It also includes crit-ical provisions to hold the VA account-able, increase veterans access to care both inside and outside the VA, and better deliver on the commitment this Nation has made to the folks who have served. Since this bill was unanimously passed out of committee back on May 16, it has fallen victim to politics as usual, and a combination of anony-mous holds and the majority leader’s decision not to bring it to the floor have put this bipartisan piece of legis-lation, this good piece of legislation for our veterans, in limbo. And now there are only 21 days left until the Senate is set to recess for nearly 2 months. I am concerned that the clock is run-ning out and that this bipartisan bill will fall victim to the Senate’s inac-tion. We cannot let business as usual here in Washington, DC, derail criti-cally needed reforms. Veterans will not and should not accept excuses for the Senate not acting. This is a good bill. It is a bill that gives the VA the flexibility to work di-rectly with community providers to connect veterans to the care they need so that the VA does not need to work through a middleman. This bill also provides the budget flexibility nec-essary to ensure veterans are routed to care in a manner that makes the most sense for them. It imposes stricter rules to ensure the VA is reimbursing community providers in a more timely manner. It also includes critical provi-sions that I helped author to ensure the VA is able to more quickly fill leader-ship vacancies at VA medical facilities. That is why today I am calling on the Senate to put politics aside, put personal agendas aside, and get this bill to the floor for debate and for an up-or-down vote. The millions of vet-erans who are still being forced to wait more than 30 days to schedule an ap-pointment deserve that vote. The vet-erans who are still kept on long wait lists deserve that vote. And the folks who have sacrificed so much to protect and defend this country deserve that vote. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. MASS SHOOTING IN ORLANDO  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, early in the morning this past Sunday, the worst mass shooting in America’s his-tory took place. Forty-nine people were killed and 53 more wounded at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, FL. We don’t know all the details, but we know that this was an act of terror and that it was an act of hate directed at the LGBT community. I want to begin by expressing my condolences to the victims, to their families and loved ones, and to the city of Orlando. I thank the first responders who ran toward the sound of gunfire, who literally risked their lives to save the lives of others. I express my support and solidarity with the LGBT community in Orlando and throughout the Nation. Many of the patrons at the Pulse nightclub were members of that community. They were simply enjoying a fun night out at an establishment that welcomed them. June is Pride Month. It is a month where we should take pride in the ad-vances we have made toward equality since Stonewall in 1969. The LGBT movement has come a long way in pro-tecting Americans’ right to love the person they love. Yet this weekend’s shooting is a sobering reminder that this community still remains a target of vicious hatred. As we mourn those we lost in Or-lando, we must not lose our pride in what the LGBT movement has accom-plished. We must stand in solidarity with our fellow LGBT Americans who will not let the hate of a few overcome the love of an entire community. The shooter who perpetrated this horrific attack has been identified as a 29-year-old U.S. citizen who was living in St. Lucie County, FL. The shooter reportedly entered the nightclub at about 2 a.m. on Sunday morning, armed with an AR–15 assault rifle and a handgun. He opened fire on the pa-trons and engaged in a shoot-out with an off-duty Orlando police officer who was working security at the nightclub. The shooter apparently held a number of hostages in the nightclub for several hours, until a SWAT team swarmed the building, killing the gunman at about 5 a.m. Reportedly, the shooter called 911 to pledge allegiance to ISIS, even while the attack was under way. We do not yet know when and how this gunman may have been radicalized. Reportedly, he had been the subject of at least two FBI investigations in recent years re-garding possible ties to terrorist groups. The shooter reportedly bought the two guns he used on Sunday within the last several days. He was able to buy these guns legally, despite the past 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.023 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3821 June 13, 2016 
investigations into his potential ter-rorist ties. Let’s be clear. In America, our laws currently allow dangerous people to buy guns. That has to change. I respect the Second Amendment to our Con-stitution. That amendment protects the responsible use of guns for lawful purposes. But the Supreme Court has made it clear that it is constitutional to keep guns out of the hands of dan-gerous people. Our lawmakers are sim-ply not doing enough to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people. Right now, the FBI cannot stop a known or suspected terrorist from walking into a gunshop and walking out with an AR–15, an assault weapon. The GAO found that between 2004 and 2014, suspected terrorists bought guns lawfully at least 2,043 times from American gun dealers. What are we thinking? Last Decem-ber, when the Senate took up this measure, we failed on the floor of the Senate to pass legislation to close this terror gap loophole. The gap remains open, and we have failed to close the gaping loopholes in our own back-ground check system that allow terror-ists, criminals, and others to get guns without a background check from gun shows or over the Internet. Why do we make it so easy for people that we sus-pect of being involved in terrorism to buy guns—assault weapons, military- style guns? Last December, this Senate failed again to pass Manchin-Toomey, a bill that would close many of these loop-holes. This was a bipartisan bill, yet we couldn’t pass it on the floor of the Sen-ate. We know our weak gun laws make us vulnerable, but we have not acted to strengthen them. In fact, almost every week we see efforts in Congress to fur-ther weaken gun laws in America. Hundreds of men, women, and chil-dren are shot every day in America, and on average 91 of those victims die. It is an epidemic of gun violence that has devastated families and commu-nities in every State. No community has been hit harder than the city of Chicago—the city I am honored to rep-resent and the city I love and a city where this past weekend, 44 people were shot, 7 of them fatally. More than 1,650 people have been shot so far this year in Chicago, with at least 282 vic-tims dying from their wounds. The tragedy of Orlando is that it all happened in a few hours. The tragedy of gun violence in Chicago is that it happens almost every day. Across the Nation, we have seen Americans gunned down in nightclubs, elementary schools, churches, temples, movie theaters, health care clinics, malls, colleges, and our homes and our neighborhoods. We need to wake up and act to reduce this violence. Thoughts and prayers are important but not sufficient. We need votes and laws to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people. Can’t we agree on that? The responsibility lies right here. We have that responsibility and that opportunity. This weekend’s act of hate and terror in Orlando has been condemned by Americans of all backgrounds and all faiths, and Orlando has received an ex-traordinary outpouring of support and solidarity from all across the United States and around the world. We do stand united against ISIS and its efforts to promote mass shootings and acts of terror. We stand in support of the LGBT community—the latest target of this terrorist attack. This solidarity is important. Our efforts to defeat ISIS and keep America safe from hate and terror are strengthened when our Nation and the world stand united. We must not let the actions of a hateful few divide us and prevent us from working together to combat this evil. We also must not let this act of hate and terror lead to hostility against the Muslim community in America. The American Muslim community has stood with all Americans in con-demning Sunday’s mass shooting. American Muslim leaders immediately spoke out and condemned the attack. Muslim Floridians donated blood and money to help the victims and sur-vivors. In the coming days, there will be those who say we should respond to this attack by discriminating against innocent American Muslims and immi-grants. But the solution to hate is not more hate; it is unity. In Orlando, they understand this. In a news conference after the shooting, a representative of Equality Florida rec-ognized the unity between the LGBT and Muslim communities, stating that his organization ‘‘stands in solidarity with the Muslim and Islamic commu-nity in opposition to the intolerance, discrimination, and hate crimes that both of our communities experience.’’ That was a statement by the rep-resentative of Equality Florida about Muslims in Florida itself. It is unfortu-nate that the presumptive Republican Presidential nominee, Donald Trump, does not understand this. In response to the Orlando attack, Mr. Trump wasted no time calling again for a ban on all Muslims immigrating to the United States. General Michael Hayden is no softy, no liberal. He was Director of the CIA, and the National Security Agency under President George W. Bush. Here is what General Hayden said of Mr. Trump’s response to the attack: ‘‘Prej-udiced, simplistic, and frankly inac-curate.’’ General Hayden has pointed out that banning all Muslim immigra-tion would not make us safer and actu-ally helps ISIS recruit those who hate the United States. As we mourn those we have lost, we must also roll up our sleeves and get to work. We must pursue smart, common-sense reforms to keep dangerous, hate-ful people from getting their hands on dangerous weapons. America just suf-fered its deadliest mass shooting event in history—worse than San Bernardino, worse than Newtown, worse than Vir-ginia Tech. If there was ever a time for Congress to do its job and keep guns out of dangerous hands, this is it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, first and foremost, I wish to send my heart-felt sympathy to those who have lost loved ones in Orlando, FL, in Orange County, yesterday in a tragic event. I want to express my great appreciation to the people of Orlando who volun-teered their blood, their families, and their houses to help support those vic-tims; to the EMTs who rushed into harm’s way to save lives—and they did save lives—and to the hospital trauma team that did an amazing job of re-sponding instantaneously to a tragedy beyond anybody’s comprehension. We are very sad in America today by the terrible attack that took place and those who would perpetrate it. I, for one, am going to roll up my sleeves and work to see to it that wherever radical Islamic terrorism is, I want to root it out and I want to destroy it. You can-not accept or tolerate what happened yesterday, and we must redouble our effort to follow it wherever it leads us and to wipe it out and to eradicate it. I, as one Senator, will promise to do that. 
COMMERCE -JUSTICE -SCIENCE APPROPRIATIONS  
BILL 
Mr. President, I am one of those guys who usually is very supportive of going to cloture and going on motions to pro-ceed on just about anything because I think the Senate is the most delibera-tive body in the world and we ought to do that. But tomorrow, shortly after 11 o’clock, I am going to vote no on the motion to proceed to the Commerce- Justice-Science bill. I want to memori-alize why on the floor of the Senate to-night so everybody is clear and under-stands. There is report language in the Com-merce-Justice-Science portion of the appropriations bill that directly inter-jects this Congress, this Senate, and the U.S. House of Representatives into a tristate water compact misunder-standing among the States of Georgia, Alabama, and Florida that has gone on for 27 years. I know that is of no interest to the Presiding Officer from Indiana, nor to the Senator who just preceded me from Chicago, IL, nor anybody else, but what is of interest to you would be any time that Congress decided to interject its nose in your business. Tomorrow, if the motion to proceed brings it to the floor, it will be injecting 100 Senators into an issue among 6 Senators. That is not the right way to do it. In fact, the tristate water compact, which has been off and on in negotiations for 26 years, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.025 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3822 June 13, 2016 
is at its closest point of being finally decided in a court of law. The judge and the special master recently noti-fied us that they will hear the final case on the tristate water compact in Georgia, Alabama, and Florida this No-vember. So the issue is going to be re-solved. We have no place as a Senate or as a Congress to inject ourselves into a case that is pending litigation in the courts between States on issues that are pure-ly theirs—except for the fact that over the years, for nefarious reasons and un-pleasant reasons, sometimes Congress has from time to time thwarted water control manuals, thwarted the author-ity of the Corps of Engineers from doing its job, all over litigation of the ACF and AC basins in Georgia, Florida, and Alabama. I want to bring a resolution. I want all the States to have an adequate sup-ply of water. I want us to be coopera-tive and work together, and I want us to do it the right way. The right way is to not interject ourselves at the last minute in an appropriations bill with nefarious language that can’t be touched that is in the report language but, instead, to pull that language out, as I will try to do with an amendment on the floor. If I am unsuccessful, I will try to do an amendment that counter-acts that language, to see to it that Congress does not stick its nose in a place that it does not belong. I like to be cooperative. I like to move forward. I don’t want to slow down progress. But I was sent here to represent 10.4 million people in the State of Georgia and, by golly, I am going to do it. If somebody is trying to inject themselves beyond the appro-priate place, I am going to do every-thing I can to stop them. The way I will start that tomorrow will be to vote no on the motion to proceed to go to the Commerce-Justice-Science bill. I yield back my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
MASS SHOOTING IN ORLANDO  
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to talk about the horror of Orlando, and I know so many Members of the Senate on both sides of the aisle have been thinking about those who lost their lives and talking about this horror that once again has impacted everyone from one end of America to the other. I won’t speak for a long time tonight other than to say—which I think is plainly evident from the evidence we have right now at this point in the in-vestigation—that this was first an act of terror and it was also an act of hate. I think both are significant because of the impact they have on our country over time. I think there is a strong belief that the first thing we must do is to express not just condolence but solidarity with the people of Orlando, the people of Florida, and to do what we can to help them and help those communities and families who lost so much in such a short timeframe. At last count, there are 50 dead and more than 50 injured. There will be some who say that be-yond that, there is not much we can do, that we should just stay where we are now and not change the laws. I don’t agree with that, and I won’t dwell on a long list tonight, but I hope at some point we can begin to reengage on a number of issues and at least have a full debate and also a series of votes on a couple of measures which I think are common sense. These are issues that we voted on I believe most recently in 2013, and I was hoping we would vote on them after that. One of the votes had to do with a ban on military-style weapons. I think it would be appropriate to at least debate and vote on it. I would vote in favor of it, and some would not. We should cer-tainly have a vote on the size of the clips, or the magazines. To put it plain-ly, how many bullets should one person have in their possession or as part of the weapon at any one time? Should someone be allowed to go into any kind of establishment and start shooting, thereby releasing rounds and rounds of ammunition and hundreds and hun-dreds of bullets? Should that be per-mitted to anyone at any time or any-where? I don’t think so. If someone is on the terror watch list and that person has been deemed so dangerous that we have labeled him or her as a terrorist or potential terrorist and he or she can’t get on an airplane, certainly that person should not have a weapon. That seems to make sense. If they are too dangerous to get on a plane because of their tendency to commit acts of violence or engage in terror, they shouldn’t be able to have a firearm. I think it would make sense to have a debate and vote on that issue. Another issue is background checks. That was one measure where there was a lot of consensus or substantial bipar-tisan support, but it didn’t pass in 2013. I hope we can have another vote on that. If a person is not able to get through a background check due to a whole va-riety of reasons, such as having a criminal record or otherwise, you have to ask yourself, should someone with a criminal record have access to a fire-arm? Mr. President, today I have intro-duced the Hate Crimes Prevention Act, S. 3053. That is a new proposal to do what some States have done already. I think it is essential to add this to the other pieces of legislation that have been talked about and some that I just itemized. This bill, first of all, would define what a misdemeanor hate crime is be-cause the intent of the bill is to say: If you are convicted of a misdemeanor hate crime, you shouldn’t have access to a firearm. This category of mis-demeanors would be under Federal, State, or tribal law that are found to be motivated, at least in part, by hate or bias against the victim’s race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or dis-ability. In essence, these eight cat-egories are what some would call, to use the more legal jargon, the pro-tected classes. That is how we would define a misdemeanor hate crime. This bill, upon passage, would keep firearms out of the hands of those con-victed of misdemeanor hate crimes. It would prohibit the purchase, posses-sion, or shipment of a firearm by any-one convicted of a misdemeanor hate crime. That is the basics of the bill. Obviously it doesn’t have direct appli-cation to what happened in Orlando; however, upon further investigation, we may find that it does. Part of the reason for this is because there has been a rise not only in hate crimes but in hate groups across the country, with hundreds more in just the last couple of years, and literally thousands more, if not more, hate crimes have been committed. Those issues I mentioned are among the many things we need to address. I also think that in addition to taking these steps on commonsense gun meas-ures, we have to make sure law en-forcement has the resources it needs to take on the challenge of not just crimi-nal activity but increasingly almost terroristic activity within our commu-nities—the so-called lone wolf ter-rorist, the homegrown terrorist, the in-dividual who is self-radicalized, which seems to be part of the horror of Or-lando. We have to make sure that if law enforcement professionals tell us they need more money in the COPS Program, we should appropriate more money. If the law enforcement profes-sionals say: Please fund that program that has worked for so many years, such as the Byrne Justice assistance grants, we should make sure they have those appropriations. If you are tough on law enforcement—that is nice to say, but it is better to prove it by how you vote. Finally, of course, we have to con-tinue to focus on what is a major com-ponent, of course, of Orlando and San Bernardino and so many other places, and that is violent extremism in com-munities across the country. We have to make sure we are working with local law enforcement and Federal authori-ties not only to give them the re-sources they need but to be able to co-ordinate and do our best to unearth plots before they transpire and to be able to take this fight directly to a ter-rorist, many of whom are in our midst here in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.026 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3823 June 13, 2016 
We have a lot to do. It is not simply a question of what we do on a series of commonsense gun measures, it is also a question of what we are going to do to help our law enforcement and to work as hard as we can in a bipartisan way to debate and vote on measures that will keep our country safe and protect our homeland. Unfortunately, we are seeing more and more of a rise in these individuals who are, as I mentioned before, self- radicalized and sometimes categorized as a lone wolf. We have to make sure we are doing everything possible to identify them, apprehend them, and make sure we are thwarting these plots ahead of time. It may not work in every instance, but we have to take every measure possible. I think part of that is doing what I hope we can do as a matter of preventive steps. If some-one is engaging in hate and taking ac-tion against others, even if it only rises to the level of a misdemeanor, they shouldn’t have access to a firearm. We want to nip this in the bud, stop it long before that hate continues and devel-ops into the kind of hate that leads to a much greater and more lethal attack on Americans. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING ROLAND ‘‘KEN’’ TOWERY Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, today I would like to pay tribute to a great American veteran, public servant, lead-er, and Texan, Mr. Roland ‘‘Ken’’ Towery. Ken passed away on May 4, 2016, at the age of 93. Ken personified integrity, sacrifice, and hard work as a member of the Greatest Generation. He will be sorely missed by the family he leaves behind, those whose lives he touched, and a grateful Nation. Ken was born in 1923 in Smithville, MS, but quickly moved to Texas a year later. Ken grew up on his family’s farm in Willacy County. When Ken was 14, they moved to farm land on the Medina River near San Antonio. The day Ken turned 18, he enlisted in the Army. He was later asked about why he enlisted, and he said, ‘‘I wanted to see the world and signed up asking for service as far away from home as the Army could send me.’’ A few short months later, Ken sailed to the Philippines on the USS Republic. He received basic and ad-vanced individual training on Cor-regidor Island in Manila Bay; he served as a crew member for the 75mm anti-aircraft guns with Battery C, 60th Coast Artillery. In the initial months of America’s in-volvement in World War II, the 60th Coast Artillery joined with the 59th Coast Artillery to defend the Bataan Peninsula, blocking the Japanese Navy from Manila Bay. Ken and his fellow soldiers fought gallantly; many, in-cluding Ken, were awarded the Purple Heart for injuries received in defense of the island. In May of 1942, the island fell to the Japanese, and Ken was cap-tured. For the duration of World War II, Ken was a prisoner of war in Man-churia. As a POW, he worked in the MKK factory making equipment to be exported. Ken eventually acquired an extra duty serving prisoners their meals, more commonly referred to as ‘‘slop,’’ filling a role referred to as the ‘‘chow dipper.’’ Serving as a chow dip-per was often a short-lived and precar-ious position because they were subject to fights and disagreements from pris-oners who were unhappy about their meager rations. This changed when Ken became the chow dipper. He em-ployed the lesson that his parents taught him to ‘‘do unto others.’’ He remedied disagreements by first filling his own bowl and placing it beside the serving bucket. Any man who was unsatisfied with his serving was invited to replace his serving with Ken’s. This small action demonstrated Ken’s dedi-cation to fairness and firmly estab-lished his role as a leader amongst his fellow prisoners. In 1945, Ken returned home, where he faced a steep recovery from multiple parasitic diseases common amongst former prisoners of war. Additionally, Ken returned with a serious case of tu-berculosis, which forced him to spend the bulk of the next decade in isolation wards of TB sanitariums. As he battled TB, Ken studied at Southwest Texas Junior College and was later admitted to Texas A&M University to study soil biology. It was during this time that Ken met his future wife, Louise Ida Cook, from Knippa, TX. After their wedding, Ken continued college until another bout with tuber-culosis occurred and ended his formal education. After his hospitalization, Ken cleaned poultry houses to make a living. In 1950, the Cuero Record, Ken’s local newspaper, announced they were looking for a reporter. Ken applied for the position but lacked one critical skill: the ability to use a typewriter. Louise taught Ken to type, helping him to land the job. Ken’s hard work led him to inves-tigate allegations regarding business-men who were abusing the State’s vet-eran’s land program and State officials who chose to ignore the issue. This later became known as the Veteran’s Land Scandal. As a result of his re-search and reporting, 20 people were in-dicted, and the Texas land commis-sioner was removed from office and im-prisoned. In 1955, Ken was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for his work. Soon after, Ken, Louise, and their two children moved to Austin, where Ken worked as a political reporter for the Austin American Statesman. His insight into politics was noticed by re-cently elected U.S. Senator John Tower, who asked Ken to serve as his press secretary. He quickly climbed the ladder and became Senator Tower’s chief of staff. After leaving Tower’s staff, Ken re-mained influential in Republican poli-tics for more than 20 years, during which time he managed several reelec-tion campaigns, including Richard Nix-on’s 1968 campaign in Texas. Ken’s political impacts extended be-yond the United States. He also served the U.S. Information Agency as deputy director and assistant director. While there, he played a major behind-the- scenes role in the fight against com-munism and the demise of the Soviet Union. He said the years spent at USIA ‘‘were among the most gratifying ‘em-ployed’ years of my life . . . I could go home at night feeling like I had struck a blow for liberty, for mankind . . . There was the feeling that our labors were directed towards the interest of the nation as a whole.’’ Ken then returned to Texas, where he started a political consulting business in 1976. In 1981, President Regan ap-pointed him to the board of directors of the Corporation for Public Broad-casting, and he served as the elected chairman of the board twice. Ken even-tually returned to the newspaper busi-ness in the 1990s when he purchased three small town publications: The Floyd County Hesperian, the Lockney Beacon, and the Crosby County News- Chronicle. Of all his many accomplishments, this humble man will rest in the Texas State Cemetery beneath the headstone that reads ‘‘The Chow Dipper.’’ Ken Towery’s story of perseverance, work ethic, and fortitude should inspire us all. I offer my thanks and appreciation to this great and humble man who epit-omizes the American spirit. 
f 
HOUSE PASSAGE OF S. 337, THE FOIA IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the Free-dom of Information Act, our Nation’s premier transparency law, is on the eve of its 50th anniversary, July 4, 2016. It is fitting that FOIA shares its birthday with our Republic itself. Our democ-racy is built upon the principle that a government of, by, and for the people cannot be one that is hidden from them. Today we recommit ourselves to this ideal by sending to the President the FOIA Improvement Act. This bill, which I coauthored with Senator C
OR-
NYN, ushers in the most significant re-forms to FOIA since its enactment 50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.027 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3824 June 13, 2016 
years ago. With the House’s unanimous passage of our legislation today, we en-sure FOIA will remain strong for an-other 50 years. First and foremost, the FOIA Im-provement Act codifies a ‘‘presumption of openness,’’ putting the force of law behind the notion that sunshine, not secrecy, is the default setting of our government. This is the same language President Obama laid out in his his-toric memorandum in 2009 and which now applies to government agencies. This policy was first put into place by President Bill Clinton, but then it was reversed by President George W. Bush. President Obama reinstated it as one of his first acts in office. However, self- imposed executive orders provide the executive branch overly-broad latitude in adhering to its letter and spirit. We must remember, the executive branch uniquely conducts much of its business behind closed doors, which is why we need strong legislation ensuring ac-countability and transparency. By codifying the ‘‘presumption of open-ness,’’ we ensure that all future admin-istrations operate under the presump-tion that government information be-longs in the hands of the people. Furthermore, our bill provides the Office of Government Information Services—OGIS—an office Senator C
ORNYN and I created in the OPEN Government Act of 2007—additional au-thority to operate more independently and communicate freely with Congress how FOIA is operating and what im-provements can be made. And to bring FOIA into the digital age, our bill cre-ates a singular online portal through which the American public can submit FOIA requests and requires the proactive online disclosure of fre-quently requested records. The reforms in our bill enjoy broad bipartisan support. The Senate has unanimously voted for our FOIA Im-provement Act twice. Last Congress, the Democratically controlled Senate unanimously passed this bill, but Re-publican leaders in the House failed to bring it up. Senator C
ORNYN and I promptly reintroduced our legislation, which passed the Senate earlier this year, and finally, the House has fol-lowed suit. The legislative branch has now spoken in one voice, reaffirming its commitment to the American peo-ple’s right to know what their govern-ment is doing. I urge President Obama to swiftly sign our bill into law in time for FOIA’s 50th anniversary. The FOIA Improvement Act is un-doubtedly a legislative achievement worth celebrating. However, we must not rest on our laurels. Just as we are about to bring more sunshine into the halls of power with this new law, the National Defense Authorization Act, S. 2943, being considered by the Senate, threatens to cast a shadow over our ef-forts. Without ever consulting the Senate Judiciary Committee, which has exclu-sive jurisdiction over FOIA, the Senate Armed Services Committee included provisions in the NDAA that directly undermine central pillars of FOIA. One particularly egregious provision is so broadly drafted that it could create a wholesale carveout of the Department of Defense from our Nation’s trans-parency and accountability regime. If enacted into law, this could empower the Pentagon to withhold a nearly lim-itless amount of information from the American public. For example, the Pentagon could withhold the legal jus-tifications for drone strikes against U.S. citizens, preventing the American people from knowing the legal basis upon which their government can em-ploy lethal force against them. It could withhold from disclosure documents memorializing civilian killings by U.S. forces, depriving the American people of knowledge about the human cost of wars fought in their name. And if en-acted, the Pentagon could withhold in-formation about sexual assaults in the military, masking the true extent of sexual violence against soldiers who risk their lives defending our country. I will continue to oppose inclusion of this provision in the final NDAA. Fifty years from now, on FOIA’s cen-tennial anniversary, the next genera-tion will look back to this moment. They will gauge our commitment to creating a government that is open to its people. With today’s passage of the bipartisan FOIA Improvement Act, we have chosen to let the sunshine in. f 
CBO COST ESTIMATE—S. 2943 Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, on June 10, 2016, the Congressional Budget Office released a detailed cost estimate for S. 2943, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017. This measure was reported by the Senate Committee on Armed Services on May 18, 2016, and includes provisions that affect authorizations for appropria-tions, revenues, and direct spending. As chairman of the Senate Committee on the Budget, I will use this estimate for scorekeeping and budget enforcement purposes. Senators and their staff can access the full estimate on CBO’s website, www.cbo.gov/publication/51683. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that a summary of CBO’s cost es-timate be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE COST E
STIMATE  
S. 2943—NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT  
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017  (June 10, 2016) Summary: S. 2943 would authorize appro-priations totaling an estimated $603.9 billion for the military functions of the Department of Defense (DoD), for certain activities of the Department of Energy (DOE), and for other purposes. In addition, S. 2943 would prescribe personnel strengths for each active-duty and selected-reserve component of the U.S. armed forces. CBO estimates that appropria-tion of the authorized amounts would result in outlays of $587.8 billion over the 2017–2021 period. Of the amount authorized for 2017, $544.1 billion—if appropriated—would count against that year’s defense cap set in the Budget Control Act (BCA), as amended. An-other $0.2 billion authorized for nondefense programs would count against the non-defense cap and an additional $58.9 billion authorized and designated for overseas con-tingency operations would not be con-strained by caps. The bill also contains provisions that would affect the costs of defense programs funded through discretionary appropriations in 2018 and future years. Those provisions mainly would affect force structure, com-pensation and benefits, the military health system, and various procurement programs. CBO has analyzed the costs of a select num-ber of those provisions and estimates that they would, on a net basis, decrease the cost of those programs relative to current law by about $14 billion over the 2018–2021 period. The net costs of those provisions in 2018 and beyond are not included in the total amount of outlays mentioned above because funding for those activities would be covered by spe-cific authorizations in future years. In addition, CBO estimates that enacting the bill would increase direct spending by $10.9 billion over the 2017–2026 period. S. 2943 would have an insignificant effect on reve-nues. Because enacting the bill would affect direct spending and revenues, pay-as-you-go procedures apply. CBO estimates that enacting S. 2943 would increase net direct spending and on-budget deficits by more than $5 billion in each of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2027. S. 2943 contains intergovernmental and pri-vate-sector mandates as defined in the Un-funded Mandates Reform Act (UMRA). CBO estimates that the aggregate costs of the mandates would fall below the annual thresholds established in UMRA for inter-governmental and private-sector mandates ($77 million and $154 million in 2016, respec-tively, adjusted annually for inflation). f TRIBUTE TO JACK LIVINGSTON Mr. BURR. Mr. President, today I wish to pay special tribute to Jack Liv-ingston, a key member of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence staff for more than 12 years. Jack’s lifelong commitment to our national security began when he was just a young man and heeded the call to service when he joined the Civil Air Patrol. Some years later, he joined the Navy, followed by more than 7 years of distinguished service at the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation. His memory of being on the floor of the Strategic Information and Operations Center at the FBI in the hours after 9/11, when so many others in Washington, DC, had hurried to safe-ty, remained with him every day and became his driver and, in turn, a motivator for younger staff. Jack subsequently joined the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence where he has served for the last 13 years. As general counsel for the ma-jority and minority, Jack not only helped shape national policy on key in-telligence matters, but he served as a personal and professional mentor to dozens of committee and congressional staff, on both sides of the aisle. From the all-nighters before mark-up, re-viewing amendments and writing and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.016 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3825 June 13, 2016 
proofing countless sets of talking points, to somehow always assigning himself a larger ‘‘equal’’ share of the work, Jack has led by example. His me-ticulous nature and sound reasoning were essential as the committee pro-duced reports or majority or minority views on significant matters of na-tional security, from Iraq WMD to in-terrogation and detention. It did not matter how busy Jack was because he would always find time to talk through an intelligence issue with a colleague, proofread a floor statement, or just lis-ten. Many staff knocked on his open door and were greeted without hesi-tation by a kind word or invitation to sit down and discuss a question more in-depth. Many of Jack’s colleagues have had the privilege of working with him for years. Ask them what words describe Jack best, and you will likely hear ‘‘in-tegrity,’’ ‘‘honesty,’’ ‘‘impeccable char-acter,’’ ‘‘devoted family man,’’ and ‘‘all-around good guy’’—and unique: while an ardent Indiana University and Bobby Knight fan, his California roots easily showed themselves as he called his colleagues ‘‘dude’’ during debates. Jack was often kidded about catching a joke; the deadpan expression on his face was usually belied by a twinkle in his eye that said the joke was really on you. Jack is loyal to the core, and he un-derstood well the importance of pro-viding accurate information and sound advice to members of the committee, a point on which I am sure my prede-cessors, Senators Chambliss, Bond, and R
OBERTS , would agree. Jack had the ability, all too rare in Congress, to put politics aside and focus on the mission and on what was best for the Nation. His colleagues knew they could engage in spirited but never personal debates. Jack always stuck to the facts and his arguments were based on logic, not emotion. As a result, members of the committee—Republican, Democrat, and Independent—sought his counsel on a wide range of issues. As the minority and majority general counsel, Jack enjoyed some major suc-cesses in national security legislation. From the Protect America Act to the FISA Amendments Act, Jack worked tirelessly to secure the best result for our terrorist surveillance capabilities. Jack was passionate about this issue and understood it better than pretty much anyone else. The committee’s FISA audit was a hallmark of Jack’s early tenure on the committee and pro-vided the impetus for many improve-ments in the conduct of national secu-rity investigations and for later legis-lation in which Jack played significant roles. Jack led the committee’s pas-sage of the Cyber Information Sharing Act of 2015, the product of years of bi-partisan work and compromise on an issue that has taken on new urgency with the increase in cyber threats, and of numerous intelligence authorization acts that secured critical authorities and capabilities for our intelligence professionals. It is often said that behind every great man, there is a greater woman, and in Jack’s case, that is certainly true—and I have no doubt Jack would agree. Jack’s tireless service was made possible, not just because of his own character, but because he was con-fident in the love and support of his wife, Julie, and their children, John, James, and Sarah. For their own sac-rifices and for their willingness to share Jack with the committee, we are indebted to them. Jack has earned our respect and ad-miration, and we will miss his sound counsel and friendship, but his legacy will remain a part of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence for years to come. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DENNIS X. M
CCORMACK ∑Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I extend my sincere appreciation and gratitude to Dennis X. McCormack for his tire-less contributions to bettering the lives of Colorado’s veterans. Dennis could have relaxed after retir-ing. He had earned it after 26 years in the military as an Army chief warrant officer, CW5, helicopter pilot from Fort Bragg’s XVIII Airborne Corps and 12 more years in the private sector. Instead, Dennis was committed to service. Before retirement, he was giv-ing his time, expertise, and passion to veterans, military families, and sol-diers facing deployment and the dif-ficulties of day-to-day life. Every day, the men and women of the U.S. Armed Forces make incalculable contributions to our society. Dennis recognized a responsibility to support those contributions and made his own. He served with many organizations such as the Suicide Prevention Part-nership of the Pikes Peak Region, LifeQuest Transitions, the Home Front Cares, Inc., Sentinels of Freedom—Col-orado Springs Chapter, and South East Armed Forces YMCA, Colorado Springs. He served as a peer mentor for Colo-rado’s El Paso County Veterans Trau-ma Court, a program he helped found. He also served in the first group of AW2 advocates for the Army Wounded War-rior Program and was an organizer of the Colorado injured military support group. I had the distinct honor of meeting Dennis in 2011, and I have worked with him in the intervening years. His deep dedication to veterans was clear, and that passion inspires my work on be-half of our Nation’s veterans. He has received the American Red Cross Hometown Hero Community Service Award, the President’s Award from Homefront Cares, and the Joe Henjum ‘‘Service Above Self’’ Award from the Rotary Club of Colorado Springs. These speak to his integrity, character, and commitment to the community. Dennis demonstrates the best of Col-orado, and his tireless service has helped make our State one of the best places for our servicemembers, vet-erans, and their families to live. I add my recognition of his service, knowing that his work contributes to a stronger and a safer nation.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO JON YUSPA ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate a Nevadan who has gone above and beyond in his en-deavors for our veteran community, Jon Yuspa. Jon formed and continues to lead Honor Flight Nevada, a non-profit organization committed to hon-oring the brave men and women who so valiantly defended our freedom. In 2011, Jon formed Honor Flight Ne-vada to honor Nevada’s World War II veterans and transport them to Wash-ington, DC, to visit the memorials dedicated to honor their service and sacrifices. Since its formation, Honor Flight Nevada has expanded its trips to include Korean and Vietnam veteran visits. Over the past 5 years, Jon and the Honor Flight Nevada team have raised over $500,000 to transport more than 200 U.S. veterans to Washington, DC. The trips are completely funded and paid for at no cost to the veterans through private donations to Honor Flight Nevada. From the National World War II Memorial, to the Korean War Veterans Memorial, to the Viet-nam Veterans Memorial, all the way to Arlington National Cemetery, every veteran has the chance to see the me-morials that stand as a testimony to the great sacrifices they have made. Even more remarkable, Honor Flight Nevada is the only Honor Flight orga-nization to offer trips specifically for Vietnam veterans to visit the Vietnam Veterans Memorial. To witness these veterans honor their lost comrades at their memorials is truly a special expe-rience. During the trip, veterans are showered with gratitude and applause in airports, on bus rides, at hotels, and en route to their memorials, all exe-cuted through the coordination and planning from the Honor Flight Nevada team. I would like to extend my sin-cerest gratitude to everyone working on behalf of our veterans with Honor Flight Nevada, including those with Southwest Airlines and the Reno- Tahoe International Airport who have contributed so much to this organiza-tion. It is through the hard work and collaboration of this entire team that these trips are possible. Recently, Jon’s work has been ac-knowledged with two prestigious awards. In April, Jon received the President’s Award from Southwest Air-lines, as well as the 2016 Jefferson Award for Nevada from the Jefferson Awards Foundation. These accolades are a tremendous honor, and without a doubt, Jon’s work warrants this and so much more in recognition. I have per-sonally attended a veterans send-off at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.012 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3826 June 13, 2016 
and have also met our heroes in our Nation’s Capital as they observed the World War II Memorial and Arlington National Cemetery. I can attest to the positive impact that accompanies their journey. This truly is a life-changing experience for those who deserve only the greatest gratitude for their service. I most recently had the opportunity to see Jon’s work firsthand in May at the internment of Bob Wheeler at Ar-lington National Cemetery. Bob was an important member of the Nevada fam-ily and will never be forgotten. Jon’s work in bringing some of the Nevada family to honor Bob’s sacrifice was ad-mirable. No words can adequately thank Jon for all that he has done. Jon has truly impacted the lives of heroes across the State of Nevada. Today I ask my colleagues and all Ne-vadans to join me in congratulating Jon on his achievements and in recog-nizing the entire Honor Flight Nevada family for their work. Honor Flight Ne-vada’s mission is noble, and I thank ev-eryone for their commitment and com-passion to Nevada’s veterans. I wish Jon and all of the Honor Flight Nevada team the best of luck in their future endeavors.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING ANNIE MILLER’S SON’S SWAMP & MARSH TOUR ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, known as the ‘‘Sportsman’s Paradise,’’ Lou-isiana is blessed with an abundance of natural resources, and millions of folks come from across the country and the world to see our unique ecosystems in person. The tourism industry plays a major role in our State’s economy, bringing in billions of dollars each year. Much of that positive growth is due to our local small businesses, in-cluding this week’s Small Business of the Week, Annie Miller’s Son’s Swamp & Marsh Tour of Houma, LA. Annie and Eddie Miller founded Annie Miller’s Swamp and Marsh Tours in 1979, which became Louisiana’s very first swamp-boat company. Known as Alligator Annie, Annie and Eddie es-corted tourists through the Louisiana swamps, showing them everything from the beautiful marshlands to back-water canals and even allowing guests to feed wild alligators. Annie took her role as Louisiana’s trailblazer of na-ture-based tourism very seriously and made sure each guest was well-edu-cated in the effects of coastal erosion by the time the tour had concluded. Her efforts over the years led to the local government preserving sections of the marsh and bayous in Terrebonne Parish for the local alligators. Over the years, Annie Miller’s Swamp and Marsh Tours experienced major successes, and it wasn’t long be-fore Annie and Eddie’s son Jimmy Bonvillain joined the family business. Upon Annie’s passing in 2004, Jimmy renamed the family business to Annie Miller’s Son’s Swamp & Marsh Tour and continues to welcome visitors year-round. Louisiana’s small businesses in the tourism industry are constantly find-ing new and entertaining ways to at-tract visitors to our State. With its focus on both the beauty and impor-tance of preserving our wildlife and natural resources, Annie Miller’s Son’s Swamp & Marsh Tour certainly found its successful hook decades ago. Con-gratulations to Annie Miller’s Son’s Swamp & Marsh Tour for being se-lected as this week’s Small Business of the Week.∑ f 
LOUISIANA LEMONADE DAY ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, as chair-man of the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, I be-lieve it is important for America’s small businesses to actively support the entrepreneurial efforts of the next generation of small business owners. As part of the Louisiana Lemonade Day initiative on Saturday, April 30, 2016, I would like to recognize the thou-sands of Louisiana children who will launch and operate their own small business lemonade stands as the com-bined Small Business of the Week. This year over 50,000 children across the State of Louisiana will learn first-hand what is necessary to start and run a small business. The Louisiana Lem-onade Day takes children through a 14- step process from the dream of starting a small business all the way to launch-ing one. It focuses on life lessons of learning how to save, spend, budget, and, most importantly, contribute to their local communities. This year marks the sixth anniversary of Lou-isiana Lemonade Day, and I would like to specifically commend the volunteers and supporters in cities across our State that include New Orleans, Baton Rouge, Lake Charles, Lafayette, New Iberia, Covington, Slidell, and many more. Since 2007 this program has reached over 1 million children across the entire Nation, and has played a sig-nificant role in educating and moti-vating the youth in the Pelican State. Congratulations to each and every single child who is participating in Louisiana Lemonade Day, and I look forward to seeing the continued growth and success of our younger generations moving forward in the coming years. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING LUCAS FIRMIN POOLS ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, we in Louisiana are certainly familiar with the heat and humidity that comes with each summer, and as my four children will tell you, nothing beats the heat better than jumping into a pool. This week I would like to recognize Lucas Firmin Pools of Baton Rouge, LA, as Small Business of the Week for their ongoing commitment to supporting the local economy and bringing high-qual-ity construction work to local YMCAs, family homes, and local residential communities across Louisiana. Established in 2008, Lucas Firmin Pools is run by Baton Rouge natives Lucas and Jenny Firmin. As a licensed commercial and residential contractor, Lucas has been working in the pool building industry since 2005. Lucas’s wife, Jenny, is a certified pool operator with a strong background in water bal-ance and chemistry and also manages the company’s service and mainte-nance requests. The company’s mission is to construct high-quality pools for both residential and commercial build-ings in and around Baton Rouge. In the Firmins’ 8 years as small business own-ers, they have developed a strong rep-utation for providing excellent cus-tomer service, which has led to the company’s ongoing growth and success. Recently, Lucas Firmin Pools com-pleted the pool facility at the local Baton Rouge YMCA. Today Lucas and Jenny work with local professional designers, architects, and homeowners across the State in order to construct pools, fountains, and water features for families, apartment complexes, commercial buildings, and more. Congratulations again to the Lucas Firmin Pools for being selected as Small Business of the Week, and I wish you continued success in the com-ing years.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING MANCHAC TECHNOLOGIES ∑Mr.VITTER. Mr. President, down in the Bayou State, entrepreneurs are leading the way in a field that most would associate with Silicon Valley: new technology. Louisianians are well- known for recovering, adapting, and re-inventing themselves. As it so happens, Louisiana entrepreneurs play a major role in the Nation’s ongoing efforts in technological advancements, and their hard work is keeping the United States competitive on an international scale. This week I would like to recognize Manchac Technologies, L.L.C., from Alexandria, LA, as Small Business of the Week for their commitment to help improve the quality and accuracy of pharmacies in Louisiana and across the country. Monroe Milton’s long-term goal since 1997 was to make pharmacies safer and more efficient. Milton’s efforts led to launching Manchac Technologies in 2006, which has made great strides in developing new technologies for retail and institutional pharmacies over the last 10 years. Milton’s ideas and Manchac’s follow-through have revolu-tionized the pharmaceutical industry, including developing a robotic solution that reduces chaos in the work envi-ronment and improves the accuracy of orders. Their work has gained consider-able attention, and Milton was honored as one of Central Louisiana’s ‘‘20 Under 40’’ community leaders in October 2015. Today Manchac offers many products that help pharmacies keep up with pre-scription demands and maintain regu-latory compliance, including single dose automation systems, multidose animation, and blister cards. With a focus on new technologies designed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.015 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3827 June 13, 2016 
be more intuitive for users, Manchac representatives travel the country to share their ideas and products at trade shows and conference. Congratulations again to Manchac Industries for being selected as Small Business of the Week, and thank you for your commitment to driving inno-vation and productivity for pharmacies over Louisiana and around the coun-try.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING PONTCHARTRAIN PARTNERS LLC ∑Mr.. VITTER. Mr. President, as we approach the start of hurricane season in the United States, I would like to specifically honor the work of one award-winning company that has pro-vided services following the destruc-tion of Hurricane Katrina to better prepare Louisianians to weather the next big storm. This week, I would like to recognize Pontchartrain Partners LLC of New Orleans, LA, as Small Business of the Week. In 2009, Tim Jarquin and Danny Blanks founded Pontchartrain Part-ners LLC in New Orleans, LA. As serv-ice disabled veterans, Jarquin and Blanks focused on long-term rebuilding of the New Orleans flood protection system. In the months after Hurricane Katrina and Rita, Pontchartrain Part-ners played a major role in preparing the greater New Orleans area and sur-rounding parishes to weather the next big storm and potentially prevent the billions of dollars in damage that we witnessed in 2005. In just 7 years, the team at Pont-chartrain Partners has built strong re-lationships with local, State, and Fed-eral agencies, and has secured con-tracts for construction, civil engineer-ing, and their continued work on flood protection and expansion. Addition-ally, Jarquin and Blanks have earned several awards and commendations for their important work from State and Federal agencies and Louisiana and na-tional business organizations. Most re-cently, they were recognized as the Veteran Small Business Champion by the Louisiana Economic Development and the U.S. Small Business Adminis-tration. Additionally, Pontchartrain Partners has also been recognized as one of the top 10 fastest growing com-panies in New Orleans since Hurricane Katrina by the Inc. 500 group, and has also been recognized as the 38th fastest growing company in America in 2014, and No. 1 in government services for the State of Louisiana. I would like to congratulate Pont-chartrain Partners LLC once more and express my appreciation for their valu-able contributions to our State’s infra-structure, our safety, and our econ-omy. I look forward to seeing their continued growth and success for many years to come.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message from the President of the United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13405 OF JUNE 16, 2006, WITH RE-SPECT TO BELARUS, RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT OF THE SENATE ON JUNE 10, 2016—PM 50 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the actions and policies of certain mem-bers of the Government of Belarus and other persons to undermine Belarus’s democratic processes or institutions that was declared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, is to continue in effect beyond June 16, 2016. The actions and policies of certain members of the Government of Belarus and other persons to undermine Belarus’s democratic processes or insti-tutions, to commit human rights abuses related to political repression, and to engage in public corruption con-tinue to pose an unusual and extraor-dinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13405 with respect to Belarus. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , June 10, 2016. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 4:30 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, with amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 2328. An act to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concur-rence of the Senate: H.R. 5278. An act to establish an Oversight Board to assist the Government of Puerto Rico, including instrumentalities, in man-aging its public finances, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5325. An act making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the following con-current resolutions, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 89. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy. H. Con. Res. 112. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress opposing the President’s proposed $10 tax on every barrel of oil. H. Con. Res. 135. Concurrent resolution di-recting the Secretary of the Senate to make technical corrections in the enrollment of S. 2328. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 5278. An act to establish an Oversight Board to assist the Government of Puerto Rico, including instrumentalities, in man-aging its public finances, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
The following concurrent resolutions were read, and referred as indicated: 
H. Con. Res. 89. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy; to the Committee on Fi-nance. H. Con. Res. 112. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress opposing the President’s proposed $10 tax on every barrel of oil; to the Committee on Finance. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 5325. An act making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE The following executive report of a nomination was submitted: 
By Mr. BURR for the Select Committee on Intelligence. Susan S. Gibson, of Virginia, to be Inspec-tor General of the National Reconnaissance Office. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.010 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3828 June 13, 2016 
By Mrs. FISCHER: S. 3051. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to provide service dogs to certain vet-erans with severe post-traumatic stress dis-order; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. C
OR-
NYN): S. 3052. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for an operation on a live donor for purposes of conducting a transplant procedure for a veteran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. M
UR-
PHY, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. B OXER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , and Ms. B ALDWIN ): S. 3053. A bill to prevent a person who has been convicted of a misdemeanor hate crime, or received an enhanced sentence for a mis-demeanor because of hate or bias in its com-mission, from obtaining a firearm; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of pro-viding services to children with medi-cally complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for chil-dren with medically complex condi-tions and lowering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 551 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 551, a bill to increase public safety by permitting the Attor-ney General to deny the transfer of firearms or the issuance of firearms and explosives licenses to known or suspected dangerous terrorists. 
S. 1479 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1479, a bill to amend the Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to modify provisions relating to grants, and for other purposes. 
S. 1538 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1538, a bill to reform the fi-nancing of Senate elections, and for other purposes. 
S. 1686 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1686, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the proper tax treatment of personal serv-ice income earned in pass-thru entities. S. 1771 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1771, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt Indian tribal governments and other tribal entities from the employer health coverage mandate. 
S. 1919 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1919, a bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to pro-tect rights of conscience with regard to requirements for coverage of specific items and services, to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to prohibit cer-tain abortion-related discrimination in governmental activities, and for other purposes. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1982, a bill to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance. 
S. 2275 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2275, a bill to provide for automatic ac-quisition of United States citizenship for certain internationally adopted in-dividuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 2289 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2289, a bill to modernize and im-prove the Family Unification Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2336 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2336, a bill to modernize laws, and eliminate discrimination, with respect to people living with HIV/AIDS, and for other purposes. 
S. 2424 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2424, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard- of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children. 
S. 2593 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2593, a bill to require the Secretary of Labor to maintain a publicly available list of all employers that relocate a call center overseas, to make such companies ineligible for Federal grants or guaranteed loans, and to require dis-closure of the physical location of busi-ness agents engaging in customer serv-ice communications, and for other pur-poses. S. 2736 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2736, a bill to improve ac-cess to durable medical equipment for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medi-care program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2750 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2750, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code to extend and modify certain charitable tax provisions. 
S. 2791 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2791, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treat-ment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as radi-ation exposed veterans for purposes of the presumption of service-connection of certain disabilities by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
S. 2927 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) and the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2927, a bill to prevent govern-mental discrimination against pro-viders of health services who decline involvement in abortion, and for other purposes. 
S. 2951 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2951, a bill to amend the Oil Pollu-tion Act of 1990 to impose penalties and provide for the recovery of removal costs and damages in connection with certain discharges of oil from foreign offshore units, and for other purposes. 
S. 3045 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3045, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to reform certain for-feiture procedures, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3050 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3050, a bill to limit do-nations made pursuant to settlement agreements in which the United States is a party. 
S. RES. 199 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 199, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding estab-lishing a National Strategic Agenda. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.003 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3829 June 13, 2016 
S. RES. 483 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 483, a resolution des-ignating June 20, 2016, as ‘‘American Eagle Day’’ and celebrating the recov-ery and restoration of the bald eagle, the national symbol of the United States. 
S. RES. 486 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 486, a resolution commemo-rating ‘‘Cruise Travel Professional Month’’ in October 2016. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4215 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) and the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4215 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4222 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4222 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4426 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, his name was added as a cosponsor of amend-ment No. 4426 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4441 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, his name was added as a cosponsor of amend-ment No. 4441 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4544 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4544 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 4550 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 4550 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4574 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Wash-ington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4574 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4629 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4629 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4675 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, his name was added as a cosponsor of amend-ment No. 4675 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. B
ENNET , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ), the Sen-ator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RA-
HAM) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 4675 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, supra. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4679. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. f TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4679. Mr. CARPER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 812 and insert the following: 
SEC. 812. MICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD APPLI-CABLE TO GOVERNMENT PROCURE-MENTS. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROCURE -
MENTS .— (1) I
NCREASED MICRO -PURCHASE THRESH -
OLD.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2338. Micro-purchase threshold ‘‘Notwithstanding subsection (a) of section 1902 of title 41, the micro-purchase threshold for the Department of Defense for purposes of such section is $5,000.’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2338. Micro-purchase threshold.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1902(a) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and in-serting ‘‘Except as provided in section 2338 of title 10, for purposes’’. (b) O
THER PROCUREMENTS .— (1) I
NCREASE IN THRESHOLD .—Section 1902 of title 41, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘$3,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’; and (B) in subsections (d) and (e), by striking ‘‘not greater than $3,000’’ and inserting ‘‘with a price not greater than the micro-purchase threshold’’. (c) OMB G
UIDANCE .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall up-date the guidance in Circular A–123, Appen-dix B, as appropriate, to ensure that agen-cies— (1) follow sound acquisition practices when making purchases using the Government purchase card; and (2) maintain internal controls that reduce the risk of fraud, waste, and abuse in Gov-ernment charge card programs. (d) C
ONVENIENCE CHECKS .—A convenience check may not be used for an amount in ex-cess of one half of the micro-purchase threshold under section 1902(a) of title 41, United States Code, or a lower amount set by the head of the agency, and use of conven-ience checks shall comply with controls pre-scribed in OMB Circular A–123, Appendix B. At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 829K. PILOT PROGRAMS FOR AUTHORITY TO ACQUIRE INNOVATIVE COMMERCIAL ITEMS USING GENERAL SOLICITA-TION COMPETITIVE PROCEDURES. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency may carry out a pilot program, to be known 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.005 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3830 June 13, 2016 
as a ‘‘commercial solutions opening pilot program’’, under which innovative commer-cial items may be acquired through a com-petitive selection of proposals resulting from a general solicitation and the peer review of such proposals. (2) H
EAD OF AN AGENCY .—In this section, the term ‘‘head of an agency’’ means the fol-lowing: (A) The Secretary of Homeland Security. (B) The Administrator of General Services. (3) A
PPLICABILITY OF SECTION .—This section applies to the following agencies: (A) The Department of Homeland Security. (B) The General Services Administration. (b) T
REATMENT AS COMPETITIVE PROCE -
DURES .—Use of general solicitation competi-tive procedures for the pilot program under subsection (a) shall be considered, in the case of the Department of Homeland Security and the General Services Administration, to be use of competitive procedures for purposes division C of title 41, United States Code (as defined in section 152 of such title). (c) L
IMITATION .—The head of an agency may not enter into a contract under the pilot program for an amount in excess of $10,000,000. (d) G
UIDANCE .—The head of an agency shall issue guidance for the implementation of the pilot program under this section within that agency. Such guidance shall be issued in con-sultation with the Office of Management and Budget and shall be posted for access by the public. (e) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of an agency shall submit to the congressional committees specified in para-graph (3) a report on the activities the agen-cy carried out under the pilot program. (2) E
LEMENTS OF REPORT .—Each report under this subsection shall include the fol-lowing: (A) An assessment of the impact of the pilot program on competition. (B) A comparison of acquisition timelines for— (i) procurements made using the pilot pro-gram; and (ii) procurements made using other com-petitive procedures that do not use general solicitations. (C) A recommendation on whether the au-thority for the pilot program should be made permanent. (3) S
PECIFIED CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES .— The congressional committees specified in this paragraph are the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives. (f) I
NNOVATIVE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘innovative’’ means— (1) any new technology, process, or meth-od, including research and development; or (2) any new application of an existing tech-nology, process, or method. (g) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to enter into a contract under a pilot program under this section terminates on September 30, 2022. 
SEC. 829L. INNOVATION SET ASIDE PILOT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget may, in con-sultation with the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, conduct a pilot program to increase the participation of new, innovative entities in Federal con-tracting through the use of innovation set- asides. (b) A
UTHORITY .—(1) Notwithstanding the competition requirements in chapter 33 of title 41, United States Code, and the set- aside requirements in section 15 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644), a Federal agen-cy other than the Department of Defense, with the concurrence of the Director, may set aside a contract award to one or more new entrant contractors. The Director shall consult with the Administrator prior to pro-viding concurrence. (2) Notwithstanding any law addressing compliance requirements for Federal con-tracts— (A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), a contract award to a new entrant con-tractor under the pilot program shall be sub-ject to the same relief afforded under section 1905 of title 41, United States Code, to con-tracts the value of which is not greater than the simplified acquisition threshold; and (B) for up to five pilots, the Director may authorize an agency to make an award to a new entrant contractor subject to the same compliance requirements that apply to a contractor receiving an award from the Sec-retary of Defense under section 2371 of title 10 United States Code. (c) CONDITIONS FOR USE.—The authority provided in subsection (b) may be used under the following conditions: (1)(A) The agency has a requirement for new methods, processes, or technologies, which may include research and develop-ment, or new applications of existing meth-ods, processes or technologies, to improve quality, reduce costs, or both; or (B) Based on market research, the agency has determined that the requirement cannot be easily provided through an existing Fed-eral contract; (2) The agency intends either to make an award to a small business concern or to give special consideration to a small business concern before making an award to other than a small business; and (3) The length of the resulting contract will not exceed 2 years. (d) N
UMBER OF PILOTS .—The Director may authorize the use of up to 25 innovation set- asides acquisitions. (e) A
WARD AMOUNT .— (1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amount of an award under the pilot program under this section may not exceed $2,000,000 (including any options). (2) The Director may authorize not more than 5 set-asides with an award amount greater than $2,000,000 but not greater than $5,000,000 (including any options). (f) G
UIDANCE AND REPORTING .— (1) The Director shall issue guidance, as necessary, to implement the pilot program under this section. (2) Within 3 years after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Director, in con-sultation with the Administrator shall sub-mit to Congress a report on the pilot pro-gram under this section. The report shall in-clude the following: (A) The number of awards (or orders under the Schedule) made under the authority of this section. (B) For each award (or order)— (i) the agency that made the award (or order); (ii) the amount of the award (or order); and (iii) a brief description of the award (or order), including the nature of the require-ment and the innovation produced from the award (or expected if contract performance is not completed). (g) S
UNSET .—The authority to award an in-novation set-aside under this section shall terminate on December 31, 2020. (h) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘‘new entrant contractor’’, with respect to any contract under the pro-gram, means an entity that has not been awarded a Federal contract within the 5-year period ending on the date on which a solici-tation for that contract is issued under the program. SEC. 829M. OTHER TRANSACTION AUTHORITY FOR DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
Section 831 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Until September 30, 2016,’’ and inserting ‘‘Until September 30, 2021,’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2016,’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021,’’. f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Max DiPietro, an Air Force Fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of this Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nomination: Cal-endar No. 487 only, with no other exec-utive business in order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Jennifer M. O’Connor, of Maryland, to be General Counsel of the Department of Defense. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Hearing no further debate, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the O’Connor nomination? The nomination was confirmed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
SAFE PIPES ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate a message from the House to ac-company S. 2276. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 2276) entitled ‘‘An Act to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide enhanced safety in pipeline transportation, and for other purposes,’’ do pass with an amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.008 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3831 June 13, 2016 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate concur in the House amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. tomorrow, Tues-day, June 14; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of S. 2943 with the time until 11 a.m. equally divided between the two managers or their des-ignees. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:09 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, June 14, 2016, at 10 a.m. f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate June 13, 2016: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
JENNIFER M. O’CONNOR, OF MARYLAND, TO BE GEN-ERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.030 S13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE889 June 13, 2016 
PUERTO RICO OVERSIGHT, MAN-AGEMENT, AND ECONOMIC STA-BILITY ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MATT SALMON 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 9, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5278) to establish an Oversight Board to assist the Government of Puerto Rico, including instrumentalities, in managing its public finances, and for other purposes: 
Mr. SALMON. Mr. Chair, I rise today to speak to an action taken by the Puerto Rican Secretary of Health who issued Administrative Order No. 346 on February 9, 2016. This Order is noteworthy in that it was issued with-out the benefit of review by Puerto Rico’s leg-islature, and without any prior notice or com-ment period afforded to impacted parties that typically accompanies the publication of such Orders. Order No. 346 imposes an unprecedented set of regulatory requirements and fees on the nutritional dietary supplement industry that will invariably increase the cost to consumers who rely upon nutritional supplements as an ad-junct to their normal diet. This Order creates significant economic bar-riers to acquiring nutritional supplements that have been widely accepted by consumers as a way of maintaining healthy lifestyles and preventing adverse health events in their lives. The Congress has recognized the impor-tance of encouraging American adults to main-tain minimum average daily intake of a variety of nutrients that are essential to maintaining health and well-being. The U.S. government has encouraged and funded a broad range of consumer education initiatives across the spectrum of public health agencies in the fed-eral government with the goal of providing consumers with valuable information about the importance of the minimum daily nutritional in-take standards required to maintain good health. Nutrition experts at the Harvard School of Public Health have emphasized the impor-tance of a food pyramid that recommends a ‘‘daily multivitamin plus extra vitamin D (for most people).’’ Researchers at Tufts University have de-signed a specific food guide for the elderly that features the benefits of daily supplements of calcium, vitamin D, and vitamin B–12 that are needed for optimal health. The American Academy of Nutrition and Di-etetics has issued a policy statement that em-phasizes the importance of good food choices, and it also recognizes that nutritional supple-ments can help some people meet their daily nutritional needs. Supplements should be seen as one com-ponent of the search for a healthier lifestyle, including improvements in overall food habits and engaging in physical exercise. Much of the current research on nutrition and health fo-cuses on prevention of chronic disease, but the primary reason most people use multi-vitamins and other nutritional supplements is to support overall wellness. I was astounding to me to find out about Order No. 346 issued by the Puerto Rican Secretary of Health that imposes a set of on-erous market access fees in Puerto Rico for nutritional supplements, including a $25 fee on retailers and distributors for every variation of the supplement by size, flavor, and stock keeping unit (‘‘SKU’’). But the ‘‘money grab’’ did not stop there. Manufacturers must file an application and pay an additional $500 fee every 2 years for products that they intend to sell in Puerto Rico. Wholesale and Retail distributors must also register and pay an additional $100 fee every 2 years. Facilities are subject to inspection, and must pay a $50 fee every 2 years. In addition, Order No. 346 also imposes an additional significant administrative burden by requiring quality control data, Certificates of Analysis, the process used to obtain the prod-uct, label samples, promotional materials, Ad-vertisements, Laboratory Certificates, and any and all warning statements which the FDA does not require of retailers of any regulated goods, which includes foods, drugs, and de-vices. These requirements are transparently only justifications for the imposition of this new reg-imen of fees. This onerous new fee structure may have the unintended consequence of usurping the role of the FDA in regulating the introduction of nutritional supplements into commerce as this Congress has determined by statute to be sufficient. There has not been any significant incident in Puerto Rico where a nutritional supplement manufacturer has introduced a tainted product to consumers. Nor is there any record of any significant number of adverse events attrib-utable to the sale of nutritional supplements to Puerto Rican consumers. Furthermore, there are no reports of abusive commercial activities by nutritional supplement retailers in Puerto Rico. Finally, there are no unique public health concerns or issues attributable to nutritional supplement manufacturing or sales to con-sumers in Puerto Rico that have not been fully and adequately addressed by the FDA. Federal public health agencies, research or-ganizations, and non-government organiza-tions widely encourage the use of nutritional supplements to maintain minimum dietary in-take, particularly for at-risk populations like the elderly and low-income families. Intuitively, one would think that the Public Health Agency responsible for the promotion of health and well-being of the people of Puer-to Rico would be tearing down any barrier that exists for its people to access nutritional foods and supplements that promote the health and well-being of families. But the reality is, and it is a conundrum that is well known to this body, is that Puerto Rico is in the midst of a serious financial crisis for which it is seeking relief. As I understand it, Order No. 346 is a trans-parent and perverse way for the Puerto Rican government to generate revenue. I cannot help but remember the lyrics of a favorite song of mine sung by country music star Waylon Jennings, ‘‘Looking for Love in All the Wrong Places.’’ Is it not wrong to be looking for new rev-enue by increasing the costs to Puerto Rican families for nutritional supplements that assist them in maintaining a healthy lifestyle and thereby help them avoid adverse and costly health events that would incur potentially avoidable costs both to patients and govern-ment health care programs? Is it not wrong for the Secretary of Health to impose a back-door tax on nutritional supple-ments without the benefit of a statute author-izing these fees enacted by the Puerto Rican legislature? Is it not wrong to single out one industry, particularly an industry whose products sup-port a public policy to promote the health and well-being of its citizens—particularly the el-derly and children? How can the Puerto Rican government come to this Congress and expect to be taken seriously in their request for fiscal relief from their current debt burden when they are con-tinuing to enact policies like Order No. 346 that are so grossly counterintuitive to good government policy? My colleague, Mr. Z
INKE, has authored a legislative remedy that will nullify Puerto Rico Administrative Order No. 346. I fully support this legislative effort that will protect the people of Puerto Rico from arbi-trary and onerous restrictions on their access to nutritional supplement products, and threat-ens to damage the economic growth of the economy in Puerto Rico. If Administrative Order No. 346 is allowed to stand, the cumulative effect of a new layer of bureaucratic ‘‘red tape’’ and the unjustified im-position of regulatory fees will make Puerto Rico the costliest place to do business by nat-ural products retailers anywhere in the United States or its territories. Low income consumers will likely be forced away from legitimate retailers on the Island and seek access to reasonably priced prod-ucts on the Internet. The problem with that strategy is that the Internet is well known as a haven for counterfeit products and fly-by- night suppliers who regularly avoid the scru-tiny of the FDA and failed to maintain good manufacturing practices for the production of its products. The perverse outcome of Administrative Order No. 346 is that it will actually increase the threat to public health among the citizens of Puerto Rico. An equally perverse outcome of Administra-tive Order No. 346 is that many Puerto Rican families will be unable to afford the increase in prices on nutritional supplements that they rely 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JN8.001 E13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE890 June 13, 2016 
upon, and they will likely forgo those expendi-tures. Low income families will be hit the hard-est as they are less likely to get nutrition they need from food alone, and nutritional supple-ments our key part of their maintaining the health and well-being. And I would ask my colleagues to consider this: Administrative Order No. 346, if it is al-lowed to stand, sets a dangerous precedent for every legitimate business operating in Puerto Rico today. If the Congress fails to nul-lify this order, nothing will stand in the way of the Government of Puerto Rico from imposing similar regulatory regimens on every other in-dustry on the Island, without any notice or de-bate, and it will become the incubator for this terrible policy to migrate to other states and territories who are looking to enhance reve-nues. Much of what we do here in the Congress is to establish public policies to protect con-sumers from exploitive and predatory actions of unscrupulous manufacturers of products that economically harm our citizens. We are confronted today by a desperate Puerto Rican Government who appears to have set aside its duty to responsibly enact public policies that are consistent with the reg-ular order of commerce, particularly as it re-lates to nutritional supplements, and has em-barked on a clearly exploitive and predatory path to fleece nutritional supplement manufac-turers and penalize its own consumers in the process. The Congress is now required to act to de-fend its own authority and regulatory frame-work for nutritional supplement products as administered by the FDA, the Federal Trade Commission, and the Department of Justice. We must act in order to prevent this exploitive and predatory action by the Puerto Rican Gov-ernment that will have the inevitable con-sequence of harming its own citizens. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 9, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5325) making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes: 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise today in reluctant opposition to H.R. 5325, Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2017. Although I support most of the programs and services this bill helps to fund including the Capitol Police, the independent budgetary and economic analysis of the Congressional Budget Office and the nonpartisan oversight work of the Government Accountability Office, as well as the language to stop this year’s COLA for Congress, I must oppose the bill on the grounds that it has become a vehicle for the House Majority to advance an ideological agenda. Funding in the bill has been used to finance the Benghazi Committee, to defend the mis-named ‘‘Defense of Marriage Act,’’ to sue the President over the Affordable Care Act and to fund the witch hunt against Planned Parent-hood. Now the Majority wants to use this ap-propriations bill to order the Library of Con-gress to use politically charged terminology to refer to classes of people in the United States. It is unfortunate that the Majority has cho-sen to play politics with this appropriations bill instead of devoting the time to shaping poli-cies that actually serve the country. f 
REMEMBERING NOPD OFFICER NATASHA HUNTER 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Officer Natasha Hunter, a 12-year veteran of the New Orleans Police Department. Officer Hunter embodied every quality you could dream of in a public servant. To her, being a police officer was more than just a job. It was an opportunity to help people when they had a problem, console them through a tough time, and inspire them to be something greater than they ever thought they could be. Impactful police work is more than pro-tecting and serving. It is becoming part of the fabric of the community, and few officers are as deeply woven into the city of New Orleans as Officer Hunter. She was a hero, taken from us and her family far too early by an avoidable tragedy. On June 5, 2016 Officer Hunter sustained grave injuries from being struck by a drunk driver while in her police unit. Two days later on June 7, she succumbed to her injuries and passed away. This loss hits especially hard because a 5- year old girl has just lost her mother. A mother that loved her, provided for her, and did her best to make the community she grew up in safe. I share in the pain that the city has endured since her passing and I will always remember Officer Hunter’s gallant sacrifice and uncon-querable dedication every time she put on her uniform. My deepest condolences and prayers are with Officer Hunter’s family, her fellow offi-cers, but especially her young daughter Jas-mine. Your mother will always protect you as she has protected all of us her entire career. 
f 
IN HONOR OF CARL E. FITCHETT JR. 
HON. RENEE L. ELLMERS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to seek to honor the life of Carl E. Fitchett, Jr., who passed away May 29, 2016 in Smithfield, North Carolina at the age of 93. Mr. Fitchett had a fierce passion for serving his community, as made apparent through his past roles as director of the N.C. Oil Jobbers Association, president of the Dunn Chamber of Commerce, and Commander of the Amer-ican Legion. He also served as president of the Dunn Rotary Club which awarded him the Man of the Year award in 1958, and was a deacon, elder, and trustee at First Pres-byterian Church of Dunn. In addition to his vol-unteer leadership roles in the Dunn commu-nity, Carl served in World War II and owned and operated Fitchett Oil Co., retiring in 1991. Mr. Fitchett is survived by his wife, Vivian; two children, Carl and Vivian; and four grand-children, Duncan, Margaret, Austin and Kath-erine. Carl Fitchett, like so many of our community leaders, sacrificed time to better the lives of those around him. He spent his entire life helping those in Harnett County, and we are forever indebted to him for his dedication in serving the local community, especially his hometown of Dunn. He truly embodied the role of the local hero. f 
NEED TO ELIMINATE HEALTH DIS-PARITIES IN RURAL AND UN-DERSERVED MINORITY COMMU-NITIES 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, in light of the myriad of issues facing Americans living in poverty, I am disappointed that my Republican colleagues chose a drug treatment center as the location to unveil their anti-pov-erty proposal last week. Assuming the poor are more prone to impulsivity and addiction ig-nores the reality that poverty is often the result of a constellation of compounding difficulties that are exacerbated by poor access to healthcare and our nation’s historic dis-invest-ment in public health. Today, I am here to highlight the impact these complications have on my most vulnerable constituents and the role we all play in addressing them. The harsh disparities faced by my constitu-ents in Alabama’s Black Belt intersect at the nexus of poverty, demographics, and geo-graphic access. Women in certain parts of my district have to drive to distant counties, sometimes two hours, to give birth to their babies. Folks in Choctaw County, Alabama have to travel over 100 miles to the closest full-service urban hos-pital or to see a specialist. In 6 of the 14 coun-ties I represent, there are fewer than 5 primary care physicians, county-wide. The prostate cancer death rate in Alabama for black men was triple that of white men from 2000 to 2010. For all cancers, the mor-tality rate among blacks was more than double that of the white population during the same time period. There are many settings that would have better told the story of struggling Americans than an addiction treatment center. An emer-gency room in a rural hospital in my district would have been a great place to start. In this setting, the group would meet the working Alabamians who fall into our state’s Medicaid gap. With the lowest Medicaid eligi-bility cap in the country, the working poor are left with no option for affordable health cov-erage. Because of financial constraints, these indi-viduals ignore small health care concerns until they compound to make for an emergency sit-uation, which can only be addressed in the ex-pensive setting of an emergency room. There 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JN8.001 E13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE891 June 13, 2016 
are many who leave the emergency room less able to work and provide for their families be-cause of the long-term impact of allowing un-treated health issues to compound. In addition to severe access issues, genera-tions of men and women in Alabama’s 7th District have been negatively impacted by the tortured legacy of the Tuskegee Syphilis Study. While I applaud decisions to provide medical benefits to the family members in-fected, and the apology issued by President Clinton in 1997, these actions only began to address the damage this 40 year experiment had on our most vulnerable communities. There are decades of research that show that minorities often do not seek treatment for conditions because of distrust of health care providers regarding diagnosis, prognosis, and treatment. The mistrust the Tuskegee study generated interferes with attempts to combat HIV/AIDS, sickle cell anemia, uterine fibroids, prostate cancer and a myriad of other condi-tions that disproportionately impact minority groups. If we are serious about addressing health disparities in rural and underserved commu-nities, we must start by working to restore the faith all of our constituents have in the medical establishment, particularly public health pro-grams, vaccinations, and clinical trials. We should view this as an issue needing as much intervention as drug abuse and inner-city vio-lence. I was sent to Congress by one of the most underserved constituencies in the country to build upon programs that work and craft new proposals to reverse this cursed course. I look forward to working with my colleagues to strengthen the Medicare and Medicaid pro-grams, invest in health education and medical research, and incentivize providers to practice in rural and underserved communities. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BLUE MONDAY AND THE IMPORTANCE OF MEN’S HEALTH 
HON. DAVID A. TROTT 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on Blue Monday, to bring awareness to the health issues faced by men across the country. The importance of striving for a healthy so-ciety is something we can all agree on. De-spite the fact that one in seven men will be af-fected by prostate cancer, men’s health doesn’t always receive the attention it de-serves. Men are more at risk for heart dis-ease, cancer, diabetes, depression, and many more illnesses, yet nearly one in ten have not seen a physician in more than five years, and as many as 70 percent have waist sizes ex-ceeding healthy standards. These issues af-fect not only men, but our whole families, and we should all work together toward healthier lifestyles. I would like to recognize the efforts of the Men’s Health Foundation in Southeast Michi-gan in helping men take steps to better health. Blue Monday kicks off International Men’s Health Week which provides important edu-cational opportunities to increase awareness for detection and prevention of the diseases that kill millions of our fathers, husbands, brothers, and sons each year. I would encour-age all men to celebrate Blue Monday by get-ting screened, exercising, and eating right to help reduce the risk of prostate cancer and other diseases. I would like to give a special thanks to Dr. Michael Lutz for his efforts to address men’s health issues in our community and wish ev-eryone a happy Blue Monday. f 
HONORING EDNA BEVERLY 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Mrs. Edna Beverly. Mrs. Beverly was born on a plantation in Sidon, Mississippi to the late Roosevelt and Betsy Oliver. Mrs. Beverly had to go to the field with her grandparents (the late Albert and Emma Oliver) and parents, where they were sharecroppers earning $5 a week. She had to stay near the water truck because she was young. She would not be afraid because she could see and hear them singing spirituals, until they were out of site. She would then be there alone for hours until they returned. Her parents and grandparents encouraged her to do and be the best that she could be. Mrs. Beverly attended elementary school on the plantation at St. John Baptist Church Ele-mentary. The school consisted of only one classroom. Her family decided to relocate to Chicago, Illinois when she was only 12 years old. Mrs. Beverly attended Marshall High School and Taylor Business Institute in Chicago, where she graduated with honors receiving a degree in Computerized Accounting. She accepted her call to the Ministry in 1991, obtained her license in 1995 and was ordained in 1996. Mrs. Beverly worked with the youth depart-ment, teaching Sunday School, Bible Study, and spiritual songs for many years. She later moved to Ruleville, Mississippi in 2001, and married Mr. Marvin Beverly, who was a school teacher at Ruleville Central High School. They were happily married until his death in 2005. She worked for several years as a remedial reading tutor at Ruleville Central Elementary School serving 437 students. Mrs. Beverly has received several awards: a Certificate of Appreciation from Governor Haley Barbour; AmeriCorp Leadership Com-munity Service; and Congressional Community Service. She became the first black City Clerk/Tax Collector for the City of Ruleville in 2005. Mrs. Beverly’s greatest passion is her Min-istry and her love for children. She is currently serving as Sunday School Superintendent, and assisting her Pastor, Rev. Claude Raine, at Mallalieu United Methodist Church in Ruleville. Mrs. Beverly is the proud mother of four wonderful children, the grandmother of ten amazing grandchildren, and the great grand-mother of one. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mrs. Edna Beverly for her dedi-cation to serving others and giving back to the African American community. TRIBUTE TO NATIONAL DANCE WEEK FOUNDATION HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, in the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Georgia, many individuals and organi-zations strive to bring awareness, enlighten-ment and entertainment to our community through culture and dance; and Whereas, The National Dance Week Foun-dation was formed in 1981 to bring greater recognition to dance; giving us a unique op-portunity for our nation to showcase the dif-ferent musicians, writers, producers, pro-moters, performers and dancers who have contributed to making Dance a heavyweight in the industry of entertainment around the world; and Whereas, today we celebrate the kickoff of National Dance Week in the Fourth Congres-sional District by witnessing performers show-case Dance to our community; and Whereas, Mrs. Susan Winfrey Dupar of Covington, Georgia serves as an Ambassador for the National Dance Week Foundation, is promoting and instructing the young and old in dancing, she is giving of herself to make a dif-ference in the lives of others. Our beloved Dis-trict has found a jewel in the art of dancing, it promotes fun fitness and dance touches the minds and souls of untold millions; and Whereas, our community has been strength-ened in times of joy and sorrow through dance; putting rhythm in our feet, adrenalin in our blood and pizzazz in our spirits; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize the gift of Dance as a unique and wonderful cultural contribution to our District, the Nation and the world; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim April 22, 2016 as National Dance Week Foundation Day in the 4th Con-gressional District. Proclaimed, this 22nd day of April, 2016. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RALPH KETNER 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Mr. Ralph Ketner, co-founder of the grocery store chain Food Lion, who passed away at the age of 95 on Sunday, May 29, 2016. Our thoughts and prayers are with the entire Ketner family as they mourn the loss of this great man. Never one to shy away from a challenge, Mr. Ketner learned early on the value of a hard day’s work, receiving a single penny for each chicken he plucked at his family’s house. While it was far from glorious work, that never bothered Mr. Ketner and he used the lessons from those early days to launch one of the most successful grocery store chains in the country. In 1957, Ralph Ketner opened the first Food Town store in Salisbury, North Caro-lina. When the store initially opened, it strug-gled to differentiate itself from the competition 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JN8.003 E13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE892 June 13, 2016 
until he took a major risk and began an ag-gressive price cutting program. However, the risk paid off and the results were revolu-tionary. With the rallying cry of ‘‘Lowest Food Prices in North Carolina,’’ Mr. Ketner went from having one store to owning one of the largest grocery franchises. Even though his professional accomplish-ments are outstanding, Mr. Ketner’s proudest achievements came in what he was able to give back to the community through his many philanthropic works. During his lifetime, he never forgot to thank those that made it all possible and helped whenever he could. After the success of Food Lion, Mr. Ketner donated millions of dollars to support various education projects including the development of the busi-ness school at Catawba College which now proudly bears his name. Ralph Ketner was a remarkable man known for his dedication, passion, and kindness. You would be hard pressed to find anyone who does not speak of him with the utmost respect and admiration. I will always cherish the time I spent with Mr. Ketner. I will never forget his friendship, humor, and sound advice. While we mourn the loss of Mr. Ketner, there is no doubt that his legacy will live on through not only his professional success but also the countless lives he was able to touch. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in com-memorating the remarkable life of Mr. Ralph Ketner. 
f 
HONORING MARTIN GROCER PENNY STORE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Vicksburg, Mis-sissippi’s tiniest and oldest grocery store, Mar-tin Grocer Penny Store. Martin Grocer Penny Store has been a thriving force in Vicksburg, MS for nearly fifty years. Martin Grocer Penny Store was a single- room grocery attached to Ms. Exelena Martin’s home. The store remains mostly in its original condition. The loud clank of the cowbell alert-ed Ms. Martin when she had customers. The ceiling slants at a steep pitch and is less than 6 feet high at the northern wall. Two bare light bulbs provided all the light shoppers needed in the full service store which had no particular hours. The 83-year-old Exelena Martin decided it was time to retire in November 2015. Martin’s is an example of a small business weathering the test of time. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Martin Grocer Penny Store for its longevity and dedication to serving Vicks-burg, MS. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE GIRL SCOUT GOLD AWARD 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Girl Scout Gold Award, the highest and most pres-tigious award in the Girl Scouts organization, which has produced one million young women as leaders and change agents in their commu-nities. Since 1916, this award has honored high school-aged Girl Scouts who answer the call to ‘‘Go Gold’’ and put in years of research and hard work to facilitate large-scale community service projects. The impact these young women are having on the world around them far exceeds their average age of 17 years old. As the Girl Scouts’ highest achievement, Gold Award recipients who enlist in the U.S. armed forces may enter at one rank higher than other recruits. Universities and colleges around the country also offer scholarships to young women who receive this award. Sarah Banach, of Enfield, Connecticut, cre-ated and implemented coding lesson plans for young women at her local middle school to help bridge the gender gap in STEM-related fields. Loren McClendon, of Jacksonville, Fla., trained almost 500 adults in her community on how to recognize warning signs of strokes. Kaitlin Greenough, of Zephyrhills, Fla., devel-oped an entire curriculum to teach elementary school-aged children about the Florida water system and water conservation. These are just a few of the countless community service projects taken on by Girl Scouts from the illus-trious ranks of Gold Award recipients. As an organization, the Girl Scouts have al-lowed millions of girls nationwide to become involved in their communities and take on leadership roles while building courage, con-fidence and critical life skills. There are cur-rently 3 million Girls Scouts nationwide and 50 million alumnae, a testament to founder Juli-ette ‘‘Daisy’’ Gordon Low’s original mission to empower girls with confidence, courage, and character. Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pride to rec-ognize this organization, particularly my local troop, the Girl Scouts of Southeast Florida, in Congress. I am inspired by what these es-teemed Gold Award recipients have been able to accomplish in 100 years and look forward to seeing them succeed for many more years to come. f 
TRIBUTE TO SHERRIE ADAMS 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, in the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Georgia, our greatest and most valu-able assets are our children. Our children are the future and are educated and shaped by our teachers; and Whereas, Mrs. Sherrie Adams is a teacher in DeKalb County, Georgia and an educator at Smoke Rise Elementary School, who has demonstrated twenty-nine years of dedicated leadership and raising student achievement in my district; and Whereas, Mrs. Adams has been awarded the honor of Teacher of the Year 2016, recog-nizing her exceptional teaching style at Smoke Rise Elementary School; and Whereas, this phenomenal woman is active at Smoke Rise Elementary School, her soror-ity, Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., and the YMCA in Decatur, Georgia; and Whereas, Mrs. Adams can be described as a Proverbs 31 woman. She is the wife of Dr. Michael S. Adams, Sr., the mother of Michael, Jr., and Matthew. She is devoted to serving our community daily as an educator who im-parts knowledge and skills for the overall suc-cess of our children. She is a motivator, an in-novator and a model citizen who gives and ask for nothing in return; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Mrs. Sherrie Adams for her leadership and service to my District and in recognition of this singular honor as 2016 Teacher of the Year at Smoke Rise Elementary School; now therefore, I, HENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr., do hereby proclaim May 4, 2016 as: Mrs. Sherrie Adams Day in the 4th Congressional District. Proclaimed, this 4th day of May, 2016. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE HISTORY OF ST. LUCAS LUTHERAN CHURCH 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize St. Lucas Lutheran Church in South Toledo. On Sunday, June 12, the church dedi-cated a state historic marker as part of its 130th anniversary celebration. The celebration began on Mothers Day 2016 with a concert featuring the Toledo Symphony’s Brass Quin-tet. St. Lucas is a progressive Lutheran Church wrapping itself around its congregants in their faith journeys. It describes itself as ‘‘a faith community of many ministries and many min-isters. In all we do we strive to glorify Jesus Christ.’’ The church began on March 21, 1886 when a group of people met in the home of Louis Burman to discuss the formation of a Lutheran church in Toledo’s southern neighborhood to serve the Germans settling there. Though first meeting in borrowed space, by 1887 the con-gregation had its own church building and par-sonage on Walbridge Avenue. With both Ger-man and English services, a Ladies Aid Soci-ety, Young People’s Society and choir, the church was well established. Though these or-ganizations were briefly disbanded, by 1897 they were a permanent part of the mission of St. Lucas. That same year, a monthly paper was published in coordination with two other congregations, with an eventual readership in 1200 homes. As it grew, the church outgrew its space and the last services in St. Lucas’ first church building were held on May 8, 1910. The new building was a reflection of the church’s ori-gins as a German mission church and built in the Gothic revival style. During the 1911 dedi-cation celebration of the new church building, the congregation received a German language Bible inscribed by Kaiser Wilhelm II. The dedi-cation also saw the first English-speaking ser-mon, offered by Pastor Hugo Hamfeldt. Soon Sunday services were spoken in English. The church undertook renovations in 1931, 1945, 1961 and as part of its 1986 centennial cele-bration in order to ‘‘enhance and update the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JN8.005 E13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE893 June 13, 2016 
worship atmosphere.’’ In the 1960s as the ecumenism movement flourished, St. Lucas was a charter member of the Old South End’s ecumenical organization known as CROSS (Christians Relating Our Savior on the South Side.) CROSS has engaged in exchanges in the pulpit, Thanksgiving Eve and Unity Good Friday services, Feed Your Neighbor food pantry and children’s summer services. As the neighborhood changed, St. Lucas continued to adapt itself, ‘‘taking risks for the sake of the Gospel.’’ It now sits in the heart of a neighbor-hood with many challenges, yet the church soldiers on meeting the needs of its congrega-tion and neighborhood through outreach. Now as it comes to its 130th anniversary, St Lucas Lutheran Church proudly dedicates a historic marker outlining the church’s history in the neighborhood. A special feature of the dedication ceremony is the world premiere of a hymn which was commissioned especially for the 130th anniversary. With words and music by the parish’s husband and wife team of Michael and Karen Biscay, Choirmaster Ron Lang conducts the St. Lucas Choir, ac-companied by organist Jamie Dauel in the fast-ever performance of the anthem. At its 125th anniversary, the Biscays wrote a hymn in tribute to the congregation’s German herit-age and this work is also featured in Sunday’s dedication ceremony. I was pleased to join the congregation and members of our community in celebrating this joyous occasion. St. Lucas Lutheran Church stands today in testament to the faith and perseverance of its members through the ages. Generations have worshiped together, prayed together, served together. Truly, it can be said of St. Lucas that its congregation has lived the Gospels and Christ’s message as written in Matthew 12:30– 31 to ‘‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind and with all your strength . . . Love your neighbor as yourself.’’ As the congregation of St. Lucas Lutheran Church continues on its faith journey, living the Gospel and sharing Christ’s message of Love, it stands on a rich and deep history. The Ohio Historic Marker records that history as the church turns for-ward to a future strong in its faith. 
f 
HONORING MAYOR MARCUS WALLACE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable young entrepreneur and Mayor, Mayor Marcus Wal-lace of Edwards, Mississippi. Marcus L. Wallace was raised in Edwards, MS. He attended school in Edwards and grad-uated from Southern University, Baton Rouge, LA in 1992, with a B.S. in Marketing. He is a successful businessman, serving as President and CEO of MAC & Associates, LLC. Addi-tionally, Mr. Wallace is President of the Wall Group, a Sports & Entertainment Firm. As a young entrepreneur who had a plan to become a general contractor, he has grown his company from $500 projects to multimillion dollar projects, consisting of constructions of virtually every kind. To further expand the scope of his company’s services, Mr. Wallace established MAC & Associates, LLC, a divi-sion of MAC Construction Company. Mr. Wal-lace and the company’s principals, collectively, have over 50 years of expertise in govern-ment, commercial, and private sector con-struction management. MAC Construction Company of Mississippi is licensed, bonded and insured. During the past 16 years, MAC has completed several projects throughout the state of Mississippi. It is one of the fastest growing minority owned construction firms in Mississippi. Mr. Wallace is the largest minority owner of the new Westin Hotel (under con-struction) in downtown Jackson and has own-ership in the Iron Horse Grill. In addition to his Construction prowess, Mr. Wallace has been a Sports Agent for profes-sional athletes in the NBA and NFL, managed recording artists in the music industry and pro-moted concerts and comedy shows, and has extensive experience in the communication and transportation industries. On December 8, 2014, Mr. Wallace was sworn in as Mayor of Edwards, MS. He hit the ground running even before his inauguration and hasn’t slowed down. His inaugural deci-sions sent a strong message about his focus. Instead of hosting a celebratory event, he redi-rected the funds to help families in Edwards. He provided shoes for kids in Edwards and made Christmas special for children by deliv-ering toys during the Christmas holidays. From those simple steps, his path has not wavered. His focus is on the citizens of Edwards, a town he acknowledges ‘‘needs everything’’. Mayor Wallace sees himself as ‘‘front line sol-dier’’ intent upon seeing that they get it. Dur-ing Mayor Wallace’s first year in office, the Town of Edwards has experienced a trans-formation unparalleled in its history. The fol-lowing are major accomplishments during May for Mayor Wallace’s tenure: The police department has received new police cars, new uniforms, a new police chief, and the establishment of a Crime Task Force. Crime is down by 60 percent. Edwards and Cal-Maine Foods partnership for infrastructure improvement: Cal-Maine pro-vided financial assistance to Edwards for optioning the electrical easement that will serve power to their new pullet facility. Also, Cal-Maine hired a company to clear the road-side and repair the road from Highway 80 to the railroad. The partnership is valued at over $75,000, with a $10,000 cash contribution to the town. Amnesty Day: Over $200,000 was collected during Amnesty Day. Community Building and Livestock Building Demolition: Edwards received $150,000 from Mississippi Development Authority (MDA) and $80,000 from Block Grant Funds. New Legal Appointments: Mayor Wallace appointed a new legal team that consisted of Judge Frank Sutton as Edwards’ new Munic-ipal Judge, Mrs. Greta Mack-Harris as Munic-ipal Prosecutor, and Mr. Omar Nelson as the town’s attorney. Edwards received a $20,000 grant from MDOT to enhance the Edwards’ exits on Inter-state 20, east and west bound. Established the Mayor’s Annual Town Clean-Up Day. Balanced the Town’s budget. Mr. Wallace is a committed civic leader and strong supporter of communities throughout central Mississippi. He is a born leader, re-spected for both his character and work eth-ics. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mayor Marcus Wallace for his dedication to serving our great state of Mis-sissippi. f 
TRIBUTE TO DAPHNE KING 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, in the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Georgia, our greatest and most valu-able assets are our children. Our children are the future and are educated and shaped by our teachers; and Whereas, Mrs. Daphne Jackson King is a teacher in DeKalb County, Georgia and an ed-ucator at Dunaire Elementary School, who has demonstrated thirty two years of dedicated leadership and raising student achievement in my district; and Whereas, Mrs. King has been awarded the honor of Teacher of the Year 2016, recog-nizing her exceptional teaching style at Dunaire Elementary School; and Whereas, this phenomenal woman is active at Dunaire Elementary School, her church, and in her community, in Decatur, Georgia; and Whereas, Mrs. King can be described as a Proverbs 31 woman. She is a wife, mother, daughter and a sister. She is devoted to serv-ing our community daily as an educator who imparts knowledge and skills for the overall success of our children. She is a motivator, an innovator and a model citizen who gives and asks for nothing in return; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Mrs. Daphne Jackson King for her leadership and service to my District and in recognition of this singular honor as 2016 Teacher of the Year at Dunaire Elementary School; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H
ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr., do hereby proclaim May 11, 2016 as: Mrs. Daphne Jackson King Day in the 4th Congressional District. Proclaimed, this 11th day of May, 2016. 
f 
CONGRATULATING FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY ON THE GRAND OPENING OF THE FIU IN D.C. OFFICE 
HON. FREDERICA S. WILSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Florida International Uni-versity on the grand opening of the FIU In D.C. office located just steps from the U.S. Capitol. Since opening its doors in 1965, FIU has grown to become the number one univer-sity in awarding bachelor’s and master’s de-grees to Hispanic and other minority students. With the new expansion, FIU has ensured that students seeking opportunities in our nation’s capital have the resources they need to suc-ceed. In the past five years, hundreds of FIU Pan-thers have come to D.C. as interns and fel-lows to work for non-profits, federal agencies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JN8.009 E13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE894 June 13, 2016 
and private firms. From the White House to the halls of Congress, FIU students have also been an integral part of the executive and leg-islative branches of government. As the faces of FIU in D.C., interns and fellows learn about federal policy and expand their professional network. I am sure that my colleagues agree when I say our congressional FIU interns are Worlds Ahead. Blocks away from Capitol Hill, FIU’s new of-fice will bring together ideas, connections and solutions through speaker series and research seminars. Local alumni and visiting faculty will connect and learn in the brand new 3,500- square-foot space that includes classrooms, conference areas and a multi-purpose tech center. Under the leadership of President Mark B. Rosenberg, FIU has seen exponential growth in both the student body and its facilities. In promoting a strong alumni network, he has en-sured FIU’s future is as bright as its students. I am especially proud of the work the FIU fac-ulty and administration do to promote excep-tional learning and professional development. The opening of this D.C. office is a testa-ment to FIU providing ladders of opportunity to graduates and others. Congratulations on the new office and I look forward to FIU making an even greater impact in our nation’s capital. 
f 
HONORING DIANTHIA FORD-KEE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Dianthia Ford-Kee, who is a director, leader, and educator. While at Fayetteville State, Ford-Kee com-peted in basketball and softball. There she was a member of the 1979 CIAA Women’s Basketball Championship Team and the 1982 CIAA Softball Championship Team. Ford-Kee earned several All Conference and Tour-nament Team honors and was selected MVP of the 1982 Softball Championship Tour-nament. In 1982, she was selected Fayette-ville State University’s Athlete of the Year and was the youngest inductee into Fayetteville State University’s Athletic Hall of Fame (1997). After earning her Master of Arts degree in Public Affairs from Northern Illinois University, Ford-Kee joined Shaw University as the Lady Bears’ head volleyball and softball coach and assumed the role of Senior Woman Adminis-trator (SWA). She guided her volleyball program to a Tournament Championship in 1995 while earning four CIAA Softball Championships (1993, 1994, 1996, and 2003). Among several other accolades, Ford-Kee was a two-time Volleyball Coach of the Year (1995 and 2001) and four-time Softball Coach of the Year (1993, 1994, 1996, and 2003). In 2004, Ford-Kee became Shaw Univer-sity’s Associate Athletics Director. During that time, she was named the National Association of Collegiate Women Athletic Administrators (NACWAA)—2006 NCAA Division II Female Athletic Administration of the Year. Ford-Kee served five impactful years (2008– 13) as the Director of Athletics at Lincoln Uni-versity (PA) where she was credited with the improvement of retention and graduation rates of student-athletes. She successfully headed the transition from NCAA Division III to Divi-sion II and the return of Lincoln University to the CIAA. Ford-Kee was honored by the Black Women in Sports Foundation for her accomplishments at Lincoln University and in the field of ath-letics with the Legends Award. She has re-ceived several honors in the state of North Carolina; she was a 1998 inductee in the Wake County Academy for Women for Ath-letics and a 1999 nominee of the Governor’s Distinguished Woman Award for Athletics. In October of 2009, she was honored as the recipient of the Northern Illinois University’s College of Liberal Arts & Sciences Golden An-niversary Alumni Award. Ford-Kee was one of fifty alumni who have distinguished them-selves in the careers that have contributed to the worlds of education, science, scholarship, business, law, medicine, community leader-ship and engagement, philanthropy and gov-ernment service. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mrs. Dianthia Ford-Kee, a Di-rector, Leader and Educator for her dedication to serving others and giving back to the Afri-can American Community. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ROBERT D. DEAN, FOUNDING CHAIR LEU-KEMIA & LYMPHOMA SOCIETY’S MAN & WOMAN OF THE YEAR CAMPAIGN GREATER SAC-RAMENTO AREA CHAPTER 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Robert D. Dean, Founding Chair of the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society’s Man & Woman of the Year campaign for the Great-er Sacramento Area Chapter. As 2016 marks the 20th anniversary of this important event, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring Mr. Dean for his leadership and commitment in the community to raising awareness and vital funds in the fight against blood cancer. In 1997, in the aftermath of losing his son Bobby to leukemia at the age of 19, Mr. Dean set forth to honor his son’s memory by found-ing an annual event that would unite adults, students, families, businesses, schools, and organizations from throughout the Sacramento region to partner with the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society to raise funds for blood cancer research, and to provide patient serv-ices for those suffering from the disease. Over the past 20 years, the Man & Woman of the Year event has brought together hundreds of volunteers, many who themselves are cancer survivors, to work towards finding a cure. In great part due to Mr. Dean’s dedication to this cause, nearly $5 million has been raised, which has helped to fund breakthrough re-search and lifesaving therapies that have dra-matically increased survivorship in both adults and children. In taking a stand against blood cancer, Mr. Dean has continued to honor his son in the most meaningful way—by giving hope to others. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to Robert D. Dean, Founding Chair of the Leu-kemia & Lymphoma Society’s Man & Woman of the Year campaign, as he celebrates the 20th anniversary of this important community event. I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring his exemplary volunteerism on behalf of cancer patients and families, as well as his ongoing dedication to the fight against blood cancer. f 
TRIBUTE TO GERMAINE COLES 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, in the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Georgia, there are many individuals who are destined to contribute to the needs of our community through leadership and serv-ice; and Whereas, Ms. Germaine Coles has an-swered that call by giving of herself as an Educational Support Specialist at Dunaire Ele-mentary School, and as a mother, sister, daughter and friend; and Whereas, Ms. Coles has been chosen as the 2016 Educational Support Professional of the Year, representing Dunaire Elementary School; and Whereas, this phenomenal woman has shared her time and talents for the betterment of our community and our nation through her tireless works, unyielding support and words of encouragement; and Whereas, Ms. Coles is a virtuous woman, a courageous woman and a fearless leader whose unequivocal vision, talents and pas-sion, help to ensure that our children receive the support and education that is relevant for today, and well into the future; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Ms. Germaine Coles for her leadership and service for our District and in recognition of this singular honor as the 2016 Educational Support Pro-fessional of the Year at Dunaire Elementary School; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ J
OHNSON , Jr., do hereby proclaim May 11, 2016 as: Ms. Germaine Coles Day in the 4th Congressional District. Proclaimed, this 11th day of May, 2016. 
f 
HONORING LUCILLE SHIRLEY 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Ms. Lucille Shirley. Lucille Shirley was born February 23, 1948 to the late George and Margaret Shirley, in McComb, Mississippi. She completed her pub-lic education in the McComb Public Schools, graduating high school in 1967. Lucille decided to join the military and en-listed January 25, 1968, completed Basic Training in Fort McClellan, Alabama and re-ceived advanced training at AIT in Fort Ben-jamin Harris, Indiana. Her military experience 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JN8.012 E13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE895 June 13, 2016 
spans fifteen years and includes: Fort Sill, Oklahoma—Clerk Typist; Fort Jackson, South Carolina—Drill Sergeant; Fort Bragg, North Carolina—Drill Sergeant; U.S. Army Base Zweibru¨cken, Germany—Administration; U.S. Army Base Busan, Korea—Staff Sergeant; Jackson, Mississippi—Receptionist; Jackson, Mississippi—Armed Forces Recruiting Station; 71L30 Administrative Specialist—10 years; and 71N30 Traffic Management Coordinator— 5 years. Lucille went to Jackson, Mississippi in 1977 and remained until 1979. While in Jackson, she was invited to a revival at Greater Beth-lehem Temple Church. Little did she know that this revival would change her life. In October 1979, she was baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and received the gift of the Holy Ghost, evidenced by speaking in tongues as the spirit gave utterance. Lucille’s other work experiences were: Krystal’s Restaurant—Management 1980– 1982; W.H. McCoy Federal Building 1982– 1983; Mississippi Veteran’s Medical Center 1993–1998; Greater Bethlehem Temple Church—Food Service 1993–2011; and Jack-son Public School District—Special Education Transportation Attendant 2012–Present. Lucille also has many honors and recogni-tions: National Defense Service Medal; Army Commendation Medal; Good Conduct Medal— 4TH Award; Expert Badge M–16 Rifle Bar; Army Service Ribbon; NCO Professional De-velopment; Overseas Service Ribbon; after all her successes she was also a cancer sur-vivor—5 Years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Ms. Lucille Shirley for her dedi-cation to serving others and giving back to our community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF REVEREND ROBERT OSHITA AND REVEREND PATTI OSHITA 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the retirement of my good friends, Reverend Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Oshita and Reverend Patti Oshita, of the Buddhist Church of Sacramento Hongwanji Betsuin. As the community celebrates the departure of two ex-cellent leaders, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring their remarkable contributions to the Buddhist Church of Sacramento and the greater Sacramento community. It is a great pleasure to recognize Reverend Bob and Reverend Patti, as Reverend Patti had served as Executive Assistant for my late husband, the Congressman Robert T. Matsui. Reverend Bob began ministering at the Bud-dhist Church of Sacramento in 1984 after completing both undergraduate and graduate degrees at the University of California, Berke-ley and ministerial training in Kyoto, Japan. Two years later, Reverend Bob married Rev-erend Patti, who attended California State Uni-versity, Sacramento and also studied in Japan for her ministerial ordination. Together, they have become an institution at the Buddhist Church of Sacramento. Reverend Bob was the 36th minister of the Buddhist Church of Sac-ramento, and has served the church for 32 years. Reverend Patti was an assistant min-ister of the church and taught Sunday Dharma School classes. Both have proved to be excel-lent community leaders, leading with humility and providing comfort and guidance for those in need. It is under the leadership of Reverend Bob and Reverend Patti that the membership of the Buddhist Church of Sacramento has grown to just under 1000 households. Through seeking out genuine human connections, Rev-erend Bob and Reverend Patti have promoted a more unified community, both within the Buddhist Church of Sacramento and beyond. The dedication Reverend Bob and Reverend Patti have demonstrated is exemplary and the wisdom they have spread in the Sacramento area is truly invaluable. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to exceptional community members Reverend Bob Oshita and Reverend Patti Oshita as they celebrate their service to the Buddhist Church of Sacramento and the Sacramento commu-nity. I ask all my colleagues to join me in hon-oring their outstanding work and wishing them the best in retirement. f 
TRIBUTE TO AFRICAN AMERICAN DAY OF PRAYER 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, in the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Georgia, citizens of different cultures strive to bring awareness and enlightenment to our community; and Whereas, the African American culture has been and continues to be a great gift to our nation through its inventions, music, literature, dance, food, art, native crafts and religion; and Whereas, the power of prayer has sustained the African American race through genera-tions. It continues to be a great tool in break-ing bondages, bringing blessings and strength-ening communities. Prayer brings about change to deliver, restore, build and resurrect; and Whereas, our beloved District is blessed to have citizens that believe in the power of pray-er; and Whereas, our community has been strength-ened in our awareness, our lives have been touched, and our spirits uplifted through the prayers that go up daily for the benefit of our District and our Nation; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize all of the individ-uals that give of themselves for the betterment of others and to recognize this sacred day of prayer in the African American Community; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim June 4, 2016 as: The African American Day of Prayer Day in the 4th Congressional District. Proclaimed, this 4th day of June, 2016. BLUE SKY FOUNDATION—BOOTS ON THE COURT PROGRAM HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize Dick Stockton and his wife Liz of Wel-lington, Florida for their continuous support for our men and women in uniform and their fami-lies through their charitable non-profit the Blue Sky Foundation. As avid tennis players with successful ca-reers on and off the court, Dick and Liz ’s pas-sion for the game of tennis and community has resulted in a combined 40 years either playing the game, teaching the game, or giv-ing back to their community through the game of tennis. It was this mutual love of tennis and com-munity that led Dick and Liz to establish Blue Sky Foundation, Inc. in 2008. This non-profit charitable organization was originally estab-lished with the goals of raising funds for dif-ferent children’s charities in order to give them a hope for a better tomorrow through sporting event fund raisers. However, also seeking a way to pay tribute to past and current service members for their sacrifice to our country, Dick and Liz created the ‘‘Boots on the Court Program’’ which offers free tennis clinics from former tour players and certified teaching professionals to active serv-ice members, spouses, children, veterans, and wounded warriors. Since their first clinic in July of 2013, Boots on the Court has traveled to 12 different loca-tions and put on more than 18 different events across the nation and touched countless num-bers of lives. This month, on June 18th, Boots on the Court will be hosting their next event right here in Washington D.C. at Joint Base An-drews. Mr. Speaker, I would like to encourage all military men and women in the area to attend this fantastic event and once again thank Dick and Liz Stockton and the staff at Blue Sky Foundation for their continued support of com-munities and military men and women across the nation. 
f 
HONORING L’DINA ROBINSON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Ms. L’Dina Robinson, the Daughter Ruler and State President of the Greystone Temple of Daughter Elkton’s. Ms. Robinson has held this position since 1957. Ms. Robin-son has been a daughter member of the L. K. Atwood Elk’s Lodge Number 518 located on Lynch Street since 1952, some 59 years. Ms. Robinson is a product of the city of New Orleans, Louisiana. She attended and grad-uated from Gilbert Academy High School. She also attended and graduated from Dillard Uni-versity located in Louisiana. Ms. Robinson’s work histories include: Office manager for the Historical Edward Lee Hotel of West Church 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JN8.016 E13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE896 June 13, 2016 
Street and Instructor at Campbell College lo-cated on Lunch Street. Ms. Robinson worked many years for the United States Veterans Administration Regional Office. She was first employed as a clerk and she retired as a sen-ior executive several years ago. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Ms. L’Dina Robinson for her dedication to serving. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REV. DR. STAFFORD WICKER 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, Reverend Dr. Stafford J.N. Wicker is celebrating forty (40) years in ministry and providing stellar leadership to his church; and Whereas, Reverend Dr. Stafford J.N. Wicker under the guidance of God has pioneered and sustained Antioch African Methodist Episcopal Church as an instrument in our community that uplifts the spiritual, physical and mental welfare of our citizens; and Whereas, this remarkable and tenacious man of God has given hope to the hopeless and is a beacon of light to those in need; and Whereas, Reverend Dr. Wicker is a spiritual warrior, a man of compassion, a fearless lead-er and a servant to all, and most of all a vi-sionary who has shared not only with his Church, but with our community and the na-tion his passion to spread the gospel of Jesus Christ; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Reverend Dr. Stafford J.N. Wicker as he celebrates forty years in pastoral leadership; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby pro-claim June 5, 2016 as: Reverend Dr. Stafford J.N. Wicker Day in the 4th Congressional Dis-trict. Proclaimed, this 5th day of June, 2016. 
f 
HONORING CHARLEEN R. SZABO 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with the Honorable L
OISFRANKEL , the Honorable P
ATRICK MURPHY , and the Honor-able A
LCEE HASTINGS , to recognize Charleen R. Szabo. Ms. Szabo will retire as the Director of the West Palm Beach VA Medical Center on June 30, 2016. We commend Ms. Szabo’s career and offer our sincerest gratitude for her dedication of nearly 42 years of service to our veterans. Ms. Szabo received her undergraduate de-gree from Utica College of Syracuse Univer-sity and was later awarded her Master’s de-gree from State University College of New York at Brockport. Charleen began her career at the Batavia, New York VA Medical Center before transferring to the Miami, Florida VA Medical Center. Throughout her career, she has devoted herself to the Richmond, Virginia VA Medical Centers in Richmond, Virginia; Newington, Connecticut; Batavia, New York; Lebanon, Pennsylvania; and Miami, Florida. As director of the West Palm Beach VA Medical Center, she has made it a priority to direct the Center with respect and care for the needs of all local veterans. Ms. Szabo has worked endlessly to improve the lives of our veterans. She embodies the VA’s mission to ‘‘Honor America’s Veterans by providing ex-ceptional health care that improves their health and well-being.’’ The legacy Charleen Szabo leaves behind is a true testament to her commitment to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and to the men and women who served and pro-tected our Nation. Her legacy will have a long- lasting impact on the West Palm Beach VA Medical Center for years to come. We offer Ms. Szabo our warmest congratulations and wish her a rewarding and rich retirement. f 
HONORING MRS. ORA B. PHIPPS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Mrs. Ora B. Phipps. Ora B. Peoples was born on October 21, 1928 to the late Rev. Claiborne and Elizabeth Peoples in Coahoma, MS. She was educated in her early years by the Coahoma County School system in a one room, one teacher, all black school. She attended Aggie High School and a college by Coahoma College. She grew up in a farming family. Often their school schedule was set around the farmers. Many students would drop out of school because work was more important than education. This stuck with her and later became very instru-mental in shaping her and her family’s life. She has 10 children (seven girls and 3 boys) which are the joy of her life. In 1951 she moved to Marks, MS where she later married Armstead Phipps. They were both concerned about education. Their chil-dren were some of the first to integrate Marks Jr. High School better known then as the white school or bulldog. Their children suffered the abuse and ridicule that came with the movement but as parents they were com-mitted to see this process through. Armstead Phipps, husband, participated in the James Meredith March against Fear in 1966 in which he collapsed and died in the process of fighting for Civil Rights. He suffered a heart condition in which he was warned not to participate but he thought the cause was too important not to. He felt that his children would benefit from the integration of the school system. He said he would like to shake hands with Dr. Martin Luther King and Dick Gregory then everything would be alright. He asked his wife, Ora Phipps, to promise him that if anything happened that she would send their children to the white school. She kept that promise. At the time of his death a voter registration card was found in his wallet, which was one of his proudest achievements. His fu-neral was eulogized by the late Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. at the Valley Queen Church in Marks, MS. That voter registration card was shown to the congregation at the funeral by Dr. King. Ora B. Phipps was very instrumental in starting the first head start program in Marks, MS in the home of Mr. Brady on Martin Luther King Drive. They had no school buses to get the children to school. She and many other people solicited drivers, teachers, social work-ers, cooks, and everything necessary to start the program all by volunteers. The program then advanced to local churches in sur-rounding areas, finally the proposal to start and fund the program was submitted to the school board in Hotel Heidelberg at Jackson, MS. She was a visionary and a self-starter. Her hobbies consist of gardening where she spends countless hours in the yard. This is a community garden in her yard where she gives to anyone that asks. She is known by everyone in the community for her giving na-ture and love for the people. She still is an ac-tive member of the Church of Christ in Lam-bert, MS. Ora Phipps was honored in Birmingham, Alabama with the Southern Rural Black Women Initiative for Economic and Social Jus-tice Award on March 6, 2010 for her brave ef-forts in fighting for social and economic jus-tice. Mr. Speaker, please help us to congratulate Mrs. Ora B. Phipps for her part in history. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MOTHER MINNIE JONES 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, for thirty-six years, Mother Minnie Jones served as President of the Beulah Bap-tist Church Mother Board Number 2, in Deca-tur, Georgia. We are all thankful this virtuous woman of God accepting her call to serve in the leadership role of the Mother Board, as-sisting and serving the members of the con-gregation; and Whereas, Mother Jones began her member-ship at Beulah in 1952 and since joining the church, she has provided service to citizens from all walks of life. In 1978, Mother Jones initiated the formation of the Junior Mother Board at Beulah. She served in various other ministries at the church such as the Golden Eagles, the Missionary Board, and the Usher Board. She is a devoted wife, mother, grand-mother and great-grandmother; and Whereas, this energetic, phenomenal woman has shared her time and talents, giv-ing the citizens of our District a friend to help those in need, a fearless leader and a servant to all. She is a powerful prayer warrior and intercessor for the congregation; and Whereas, Mother Jones is a cornerstone in our community who has enhanced the lives of thousands for the betterment of our District and Nation; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Mother Jones on her outstanding years of leadership and serv-ice to the Beulah Baptist Church Mother Board Number 2; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ J
OHNSON , Jr., do hereby proclaim June 11, 2016 as: Mother Minnie Jones Day in the 4th Congressional District. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JN8.020 E13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE897 June 13, 2016 
Proclaimed, this 11th day of June, 2016. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 289, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call no. 290, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On roll call no. 291, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call no. 292, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On roll call no. 293, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call no. 294, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On roll call no. 295, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On roll call no. 296, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LARRY DOMINO 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 
‘‘IF THERE BE ANY TRUER MEASURE OF A MAN THAN BY  
WHAT HE DOES , IT MUST BE BY WHAT HE GIVES .’’ 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the English clergyman Robert South never met Larry Domino, but his words sum up exactly how Larry’s family, friends and extended fam-ily of former athletes view this remarkable man. Larry Domino wasn’t born in Texas, but it seems he got to the Lone Star State as soon as he could. When Larry arrived from Depew, New York 35 years ago, he already had a heart as big as any native born son. After all, he is a diehard Buffalo Bills fan. He’s also a born educator. Larry Domino first earned his place in education with a de-gree from Buffalo State College and then earned a Masters from Sam Houston State University. Over the past three and half dec-ades, Larry has taught, coached and been a school administrator in both the Aldine and Klein districts. Currently, he is a beloved Asso-ciate Principal at Klein’s Doerre Intermediate School. When Larry married the love of his life, Tina Lee, 27 years ago next month, his Texas sized heart expanded. Then it grew even big-ger when they welcomed the lights of their lives—daughters, Brita Susan and Lauren Ansley in 1995 and 1998. Whether Larry Domino is known as teacher, dad, coach, or principal, generations of eager young people have achieved their dreams be-cause Mr. D. believed in them. Chonda Besse says ‘‘Mr D is a man of few words,’’ but he taught her that ‘‘sometimes a few words are all it takes to change some-one’s life.’’ She is honored to be thought of as a ‘‘daughter’’ in the Domino family. One of his former swimmers at Eisenhower High School, Lisa Jost, remembers how Coach Domino told her ‘‘that I could do any-thing I set my mind to doing, and that I could trust myself to do it well.’’ She held on to that because ‘‘it had to be true if Coach said it.’’ She says as a new teacher, her coach is still inspiring her. Dr. Tina Elkins says what made Coach Domino different was that he coached them in and out of the water, providing a foundation that helped her become who she is today. It’s not just students who were impressed either, Eisenhower Principal Fred Richardson notes Coach Domino’s ‘‘ability to develop rela-tionships, with teachers, students and parents’’ and the ‘‘positive difference in the lives of many.’’ As Buffalo Bills coach Mary Levy says ‘‘Where else would you rather be than right here, right now?’’ Coach Domino, you found your best right here in Texas. And Texas is better off for your service to generations of young people who just needed someone to believe in them. f 
TRIBUTE TO SGT. MAJOR STANLEY HAYES 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, in the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Georgia, there are many individuals who are called to sacrifice for our country through military service; and Whereas, Command SGT. Major Stanley Lynn Hayes has served in the United States Army, giving thirty years to our nation as a soldier. He has received numerous Military Ci-tations for his leadership and service; and Whereas, Command SGT. Major Hayes has shared his time and talents as a family man, serviceman and mentor, giving the citizens of the United States a person of great worth, a fearless leader and a servant to all advancing the lives of others, through service to our country in the armed forces; and Whereas, Command SGT. Major Hayes is an ideal husband, father, grandfather, brother and son; and Whereas, Command SGT. Major Hayes is a remarkable and courageous man who gives of himself, in defense of this nation; and Whereas, Command SGT. Major Hayes along with his family and friends are cele-brating today a remarkable milestone, his re-tirement from the United States Army; we pause to acknowledge a man who is a corner-stone in our community; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Command SGT. Major Hayes on his retirement and to wish him well and recognize him for an exemplary life which is an inspiration to all; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , Jr. do hereby pro-claim June 5, 2016 as: Command SGT. Major Stanley Lynn Hayes Day in Georgia’s 4th Congressional District. Proclaimed, this 5th day of June, 2016. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. CANDICE S. MILLER 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, June 10, 2016, I missed the following votes: the Ellison amendment to H.R. 5325, the Blackburn amendment to H.R. 5325, the Takano amendment to H.R. 5325, the Pearce amendment to H.R. 5325, final passage of H.R. 5325, adoption of H. Con. Res. 89, and adoption of H. Con. Res. 112. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on the Ellison, Takano and Pearce amendments to H.R. 5325 and ‘‘yes’’ on the Blackburn amendment to H.R. 5325, final pas-sage of H.R. 5325, adoption of H. Con. Res. 89, and adoption of H. Con. Res. 112. 
f 
MR. RICHARD JOHN TUSCANI 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay a special tribute Mr. Richard John Tuscani. Richard was born on June 13, 1916 and is known to be the oldest living WWII veteran in Suffolk County, NY. Originally from Corona, Queens, Mr. Tuscani has managed to see and do more than most people could hope to ac-complish in two lifetimes. Richard is a highly decorated WWII veteran, having served in New Guinea and the Phil-ippines. During his time in the service, Mr. Tuscani received three Bronze Stars in addi-tion to other awards such as the Victory Medal, the Philippines Presidential Unit Cita-tion Badge and the Meritorious Service Award. The three Bronze Stars he received are for surviving a battle in Leyte, Philippines, another for surviving a kamikaze attack in New Guin-ea, and the last for the Philippines Liberation. Richard has also been extremely active in the community as well. During his historic lifetime, Richard was a fireman in New York City, oil truck driver, New York City building inspector, bus driver, local dock master, and school bus matron. His strong sense of civic duty and dedication to the community in the many pro-fessions he’s undertaken exemplify just how incredible of a person he is. Richard, an avid history and geography buff, likes to spend most of his time reading, study-ing history, and watching his New York Yan-kees. His late wife, Helen, was crowned ‘‘Miss Swift’’ at the New York World’s Fair in 1939. He has a son, Richard G, and a daughter, June, who was born while Mr. Tuscani was overseas. I would like to thank Richard, who will be turning 100 years old on June 13, 2016, for his years of dedication and service to our country and community. What he has man-aged to accomplish during his lifetime and give back to the country cannot be summa-rized in a few words; however it is important we honor these types of individuals as best we can. It is my hope that many will follow in his footsteps and give back to our country as graciously as he did. People like him are a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:29 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JN8.024 E13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE898 June 13, 2016 
rare breed and they help make not only our country, but our world a much safer and better place. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BETTY BAISDEN 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, reaching the age of 80 years is a remarkable milestone; and Whereas, Mrs. Betty Jane Baisden was born on March 19, 1936 and today she is celebrating that milestone; and Whereas, Mrs. Baisden has been blessed with a long, happy life, devoted to God and credits it all to the Will of God; she has been a devoted Christian since her childhood days to present as President of the Mothers Board at Mt. Vernon Baptist Church in Atlanta, Geor-gia; and Whereas, Mrs. Baisden is celebrating her 80th Birthday with her family members, church members and friends here in Georgia, she celebrates a life of blessings; as a Mother, Grandmother, friend, community servant and leader; and Whereas, the Lord has been her Shepherd throughout her life and she prays daily and is leading by example a blessed life; an advo-cate, faithful matriarch and a community lead-er; and Whereas, we are honored that she is cele-brating the milestone of her 80th birthday in the 4th District of Georgia; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Mrs. Betty Jane Baisden for an exemplary life which is an in-spiration to all, now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H
ANK’’ J OHNSON , Jr. do hereby proclaim March 19, 2016 as: Mrs. Betty Jane Baisden Day in the 4th Congressional District of Geor-gia. Proclaimed, this 19th day of March, 2016. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,219,465,874,275.48. We’ve added $8,592,588,825,362.40 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. TRIBUTE TO MOTHER ROVELMA THOMAS HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following Proclamation: Whereas, for ten years, Mother Rovelma Thomas served as President of the Beulah Baptist Church Mother Board Number 1, in Decatur, Georgia. We are all grateful for this virtuous woman of God accepting her call to serve in the leadership role of the Mother Board; and Whereas, Mother Thomas began her mem-bership at Beulah in 2000 and since joining the church, she has provided service to citi-zens from all walks of life. She has educated and mentored through various church min-istries such as the Golden Eagles and the Er-nestine Smith Bible Class. She is a devoted wife, mother, grandmother and great-grand-mother; and Whereas, this phenomenal woman has shared her time and talents, giving the citizens of our District a friend to help those in need, a fearless leader and a servant to all, to en-sure that the love of God touches everyone; and Whereas, Mother Thomas, a twenty-three year veteran of Decatur City Schools, is a cor-nerstone in our community who has enhanced the lives of thousands for the betterment of our District and Nation; and Whereas, the U.S. Representative of the Fourth District of Georgia has set aside this day to honor and recognize Mother Thomas on her outstanding years of leadership and service to the Beulah Baptist Church Mother Board Number 1; now therefore, I, H
ENRY C. ‘‘H
ANK’’ J OHNSON , Jr., do hereby proclaim June 11, 2016 as: Mother Rovelma Thomas Day in the 4th Congressional District. Proclaimed, this 11th day of June, 2016. 
f 
A HEROIC ACT AT THE SIDE OF THE HIGHWAY 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sean Kehren of Pine City, Min-nesota who heroically saved a woman he had never met before from a fiery car crash on a busy interstate highway in Northern Min-nesota. Sean was traveling south back to the University he attends after attending the eighth Congressional District Democratic Convention in Duluth, Minnesota when the car in front of his veered off the road, crashed into a tree and caught fire. Sean ran to the driver’s door of the car to see if the driver was injured. When he saw flames underneath the vehicle, Sean decided it was time to act and he pulled the driver out of the car. Then, with the assistance of the passengers in his car, he carried the driver to safety away from the burning vehicle. After rescuing the driver, Sean even accompanied her to a local hospital and helped her contact relatives so that she could be surrounded by her family after her accident. When Sean was asked what motivated him to act so courageously, he was very humble. Sean said he was just doing the right thing and helping out a person in need. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Sean for his selfless actions which put his own safety in jeopardy to save a stranger. f 
JUNE 12, 1987: RONALD REAGAN ADDRESSES PRESIDENT MI-KHAIL GORBACHEV 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, June 12th marks an important date in United States policy. Twenty-nine years to the day, President Ronald Reagan traveled to Berlin to speak out against communism and call on the President of the Soviet Union, Mikhail Gorba-chev, to tear down the Berlin Wall. This would become known as his famous ‘‘tear down this wall’’ speech. The Berlin Wall grew in the aftermath of the Second World War. In 1945, the Allies split a defeated Germany into four allied occupation zones. The eastern part of the country went to the Soviet Union and the Western part of Ger-many went to the United States, Great Britain, and later France. Even though Berlin sat en-tirely in the Soviet territory, it too was divided into Eastern and Western occupation zones with the Soviets taking the East and the other allies taking the West part of the city. As Berlin was split apart, so too was the re-lationship between the democratic United States and communist Soviet Union. These stark differences in political ideologies led to extreme tension in that area, and around the world. So much so that the Soviet Union would often play the role of mischief maker in Ger-many. In 1948 the USSR began a blockade on West Berlin in the hopes of driving out the Western influences. However, due to the inge-nious Berlin Airlift, the blockade was called off the following year. Following a decade of rel-ative calm, the Soviet Union was once again up to no good. They were embarrassed by the steady flow of refugees from the Communist East into the Capitalist West part of Germany. In the first 11 days of August in 1961, 16,000 East Germans fled to West Germany. On Au-gust 12th alone, 2,400 people defected. It was then that Soviet Premier Kruschchev closed the border between East and West Berlin for good. In 1961 the Berlin Wall offi-cially came into existence. It stood 12 feet tall and 4 feet wide until the fall of communism. During that time, the only way to cross the border was through one of three checkpoints: Alpha, Bravo, and Charlie. But travelers were rarely allowed to cross the border. The mischief of the USSR divided a city and separated friends, families, and loved ones. If you tried to cross the border you could be shot. At least 171 people died trying to escape to freedom. The Berlin Wall not only literally divided a city for 30 years, but stood as a bru-tal reminder of how cruel communism could be. It wasn’t until communism began to thaw, with the help of President Reagan change was made. On June 12, 1987, President Reagan trav-eled to Berlin to view the wall. That afternoon, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JN8.029 E13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE899 June 13, 2016 
at the foot of the Brandenburg Gate, he made a speech that would reverberate across the world and through time. He spoke directly to Gorbachev and said, in part, ‘‘Behind me stands a wall that encircles the free sectors of this city, part of a vast sys-tem of barriers that divides the entire continent of Europe . . . Standing before the Branden-burg Gate, every man is a German, separated from his fellow men. Every man is a Berliner, forced to look upon a scar . . . in the West today, we see a free world that has achieved a level of prosperity and well-being unprece-dented in all human history. In the Communist world, we see failure, technological back-wardness, declining standards of health, even want of the most basic kind—too little food. Even today, the Soviet Union still cannot feed itself. After these four decades, then, there stands before the entire world one great and inescapable conclusion: Freedom leads to prosperity. Freedom replaces the ancient hatreds among the nations with comity and peace. Freedom is the victor . . . There is one sign the Soviets can make that would be unmistakable, that would advance dramatically the cause of freedom and peace. General Secretary Gorbachev, if you seek peace, if you seek prosperity for the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, if you seek liberalization: Come here to this gate! Mr. Gorbachev, open this gate! Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall!’’ The borders between East and West Ger-many were finally reopened in November 1989 and the official demolition of the Berlin Wall began on June 13, 1990, exactly 3 years and 1 day following President Reagan’s speech. The June 12, 1987 speech given by President Reagan will be remembered forever as a win for freedom. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 100TH BIRTH-DAY OF JAMES CECIL LINDLEY 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize the birthday of James Cecil Lindley. He will turn 100 on July 20th. Mr. Lindley was born on July 20, 1916, in Randolph County, Alabama to James Pierce Lindley and Lettie Lipham Lindley. He at-tended school at New Home and Randolph County High. For college, he attended Snead College, Jacksonville State University and ob-tained a Master’s Degree at the University of Alabama. Mr. Lindley did his basic training for the Army in June of 1942 in Miami, Florida. He then went to Air Force training at Fort Logan, Colorado and later Peterson Field in Colorado Springs, Colorado. He served in the 5th Air Force with the 20th mapping squadron. During World War II, he served in the Philippines. Mr. Lindley was dis-charged after World War II at Camp Shelby in October 1945. Mr. Lindley married Audrey Cofield and had two children: Don and Doyle (deceased). He also has a daughter-in-law, Sheila Ponder Lindley. He was blessed with four grand-children: Tracy Lindley, James Robert (Rob) Lindley (deceased), Cinda Lindley and Kerrie Lindley. And also blessed with four great- grandchildren: Lindley Thompson, Nic Thomp-son, Alycia Guyer and Eric Guyer. Mr. Lindley taught vocational education in Piedmont and later in Oxford. He moved to Montgomery in 1964 as State Supervisor of Vocational Education (VICA) and later was in-ducted into the Alabama Educational Hall of Fame. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the life and achievements of James Cecil Lindley and wishing him a happy 100th birth-day. f 
2016 PORT CITIES WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize June Kreutzkampf of Duluth, Min-nesota for her service to her hometown. June is the 2016 recipient of the Woman of The Year Award given out at the annual Port Cities luncheon which celebrates the cities of Duluth, Minnesota and Superior, Wisconsin together known as the Twin Ports. June is an active volunteer at many organi-zations in the Duluth region. She is a board member of the Duluth Public Library, a mem-ber of St. Luke’s volunteer service guild, and a teacher at the University for Seniors, just to name a few. In addition, June also serves as a lay minister at First United Methodist Church and an Election Judge. The Twin Ports communities are thankful for June’s hard work and dedication. Throughout decades of service to others, June has shown that she exemplifies what makes the Twin Ports the great community that it is today. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing 2016’s Port Cities Woman of the Year: June Kreutzkampf. 
f 
A MEMORIAL TRIBUTE TO JUDGE EDMUND V. LUDWIG 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, June 13, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Judge Edmund V. Ludwig of Doylestown, Pennsylvania, a retired U.S. District Court judge and prominent figure in the legal, cultural, and historic life of Bucks County who died on May 17, 2016, three days short of his 88th birthday. In June 1985, on the recommendation of U.S. Senators, John Heinz III and Arlen Spec-ter, President Ronald Reagan nominated Lud-wig to fill the seat vacated by Judge Raymond Broderick. The Senate confirmed the appoint-ment, and Judge Ludwig took the bench on Oct. 17, 1985. He became a senior judge on May 20, 1997, and gradually reduced his workload until retiring a couple of years ago. In 1996, Judge Ludwig ordered Major League Baseball umpires to work through the World Series after they threatened to boycott games in the wake of the Roberto Alomar spit-ting incident. Angry over a third-strike call, Alomar, the Baltimore Orioles star second baseman, spit at umpire John Hirschbeck. Alomar claimed that the umpire had uttered a racial slur. Hirschbeck was furious at Alomar’s comments, and other umpires were outraged by the inci-dent. However, Judge Ludwig stayed above the fray. ‘‘These umpires are the best, and without them, the harm to baseball will be irrep-arable,’’ he ruled. ‘‘The game of baseball oc-cupies a special place in this country and it belongs to the millions of fans.’’ Jeremy Heep, the judge’s law clerk in the mid-1990s and now a partner at the Pepper Hamilton firm, said his former boss epitomized a true public servant. ‘‘He was a wonderful judge in his own right, but in addition to that, he used the inherent prestige that came with the robe to influence society in a good way. It was a wonderful thing to watch,’’ Heep said. ‘‘He would quietly go behind the scenes, pick up the phone, and call people. He would further very good causes—promoting juvenile justice, improving mental health services in Pennsylvania, and getting the bar to improve indigent representation.’’ An educator as well as a jurist, Judge Lud-wig held faculty positions at Hahnemann Uni-versity, Temple Law School, Villanova Law School, and the University of Pennsylvania. Among his many honors was the Justice William J. Brennan Jr. Distinguished Jurist Award from the Philadelphia Bar Association in 2005. Born in Philadelphia, he was the son of Henry and Ruth Viener Ludwig. He graduated from Germantown Friends School in 1945 and earned degrees from Harvard College and Harvard Law School. A Korean War veteran, he was honorably discharged with the rank of captain from the Army Judge Advocate Gen-eral’s Corps, after which he took up private practice in Doylestown. In 1968, Judge Ludwig was elected to Bucks County Court and served until 1985. In 1995, he founded the Doylestown Histor-ical Society, of which he served as chair until 2011. Tina Mazaheri, the society’s founding secretary, who served with him on its board of directors, said the judge wanted to ensure that future generations would have the means to enjoy the town and its history. Judge Ludwig helped establish social serv-ice programs, and served on the boards of groups focused on youth and juvenile justice, mental health, alternatives to incarceration, support for women, and rights for the disabled. In 1971, he cofounded TODAY Inc., a residen-tial drug treatment program, and served on its board until 1985. Part of his effectiveness lay in his tenacious pursuit of any project he tackled. Ultimately, though, Judge Ludwig ‘‘was always about making sure that people who needed help got help, and about recognizing those who gave the help, but not himself,’’ Mazaheri said. An avid reader, Judge Ludwig enjoyed Shakespeare, poetry, and historical fiction. He delighted in telling jokes and exploring the art of the pun. He played and watched tennis, and loved to eat out at local restaurants with family and friends. He was married to Elizabeth Serkin for 18 years before they divorced. They had four chil-dren. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JN8.033 E13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE900 June 13, 2016 
He also was divorced from Sara Webster. Besides his former wives and daughter, he is survived by sons Edmund V. Jr., Toby, and David, and five grandchildren. A grandson pre-ceded him in death. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, June 14, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JUNE 15 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government Business meeting to mark up an original bill entitled, ‘‘Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, Fiscal Year 2017’’. SD–138 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider pending calendar business. SR–253 Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Secu-rity, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues To hold hearings to examine barriers to education globally, focusing on getting girls in the classroom. SD–419 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine imple-menting the Child Care Development Block Grant Act of 2014, focusing on perspectives of stakeholders. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine America’s insatiable demand for drugs, focusing on examining solutions. SD–342 2 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard To hold hearings to examine assessing the Coast Guard’s increasing duties, fo-cusing on drug and migrant interdic-tion. SR–253 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine challenges and opportunities for United States business in the digital age. SD–215 2:15 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine United States policy in Libya. SD–419 2:30 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on National Parks To hold hearings to examine S. 2839 and H.R. 3004, bills to amend the Gullah/ Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to ex-tend the authorization for the Gullah/ Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission, H.R. 3036, to designate the National September 11 Memorial lo-cated at the World Trade Center site in New York City, New York, as a na-tional memorial, H.R. 3620, to amend the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serv-ing residents of municipalities adja-cent to the Delaware Water Gap Na-tional Recreation Area, H.R. 4119, to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands National Sea-shore, Jackson County, Mississippi, be-tween the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, S. 211, to establish the Susquehanna Gateway National Heritage Area in the State of Pennsylvania, S. 630, to establish the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta Na-tional Heritage Area, S. 1007, to amend the Dayton Aviation Heritage Preser-vation Act of 1992 to rename a site of the Dayton Aviation Heritage National Historical Park, S. 1623, to establish the Maritime Washington National Heritage Area in the State of Wash-ington, S. 1662, to include Livingston County, the city of Jonesboro in Union County, and the city of Freeport in Stephenson County, Illinois, to the Lincoln National Heritage Area, S. 1690, to establish the Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area in the State of Washington, S. 1696 and H.R. 482, bills to redesignate the Ocmulgee National Monument in the State of Georgia, to revise the boundary of that monument, S. 1824, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study to assess the suit-ability and feasibility of designating certain land as the Finger Lakes Na-tional Heritage Area, S. 2087, to modify the boundary of the Fort Scott Na-tional Historic Site in the State of Kansas, S. 2412, to establish the Tule Lake National Historic Site in the State of California, S. 2548, to establish the 400 Years of African-American His-tory Commission, S. 2627, to adjust the boundary of the Mojave National Pre-serve, S. 2807, to amend title 54, United States Code, to require State approval before the Secretary of the Interior re-stricts access to waters under the juris-diction of the National Park Service for recreational or commercial fishing, S. 2805, to modify the boundary of Voyageurs National Park in the State of Minnesota, S. 2923, to redesignate the Saint-Gaudens National Historic Site as the ‘‘Saint-Gaudens National Park for the Arts’’, S. 2954, to establish the Ste. Genevieve National Historic Site in the State of Missouri, S. 3020, to update the map of, and modify the acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monu-ment, S. 3027, to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, and S. 3028, to redesignate the Olympic Wilderness as the Daniel J. Evans Wilderness. SD–366 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine innovations to promote Americans’ financial secu-rity. SD–562 JUNE 16 9 a.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine certain in-telligence matters. SH–216 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of General David L. Goldfein, USAF, for reappointment to the grade of General, and to be Chief of Staff, United States Air Force. SD–G50 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine our evolving understanding and response to transnational criminal threats. SD–419 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as re-nunciation of United States nation-ality, and the nominations of Donald Karl Schott, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Stephanie A. Finley, of Lou-isiana, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Lou-isiana, Claude J. Kelly III, of Lou-isiana, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Lou-isiana, Winfield D. Ong, of Indiana, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, and Car-ole Schwartz Rendon, of Ohio, to be United States Attorney for the North-ern District of Ohio. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Business meeting to mark up an original bill entitled, ‘‘Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Financial Services and General Gov-ernment Appropriations Act, 2017’’. SD–106 11 a.m. Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine keeping the American dream alive, focusing on cre-ating jobs under the National Labor Relations Board’s new joint employer standard. SR–428A JUNE 21 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the semi-annual monetary policy report to the Congress. SH–216 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN8.035 E13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE901 June 13, 2016 
2:30 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Bureau of Land Management’s Planning 2.0 initiative. SD–366 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Subcommittee on Primary Health and Re-tirement Security To hold hearings to examine small busi-ness retirement pooling, focusing on examining open multiple employer plans. SH–216 JUNE 22 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine accessing Department of Agriculture rural development programs in native communities. SD–628 2:30 p.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety To hold hearings to examine pathways towards compliance of the National Ambient Air Quality Standard for ground-level ozone, including S. 2882, to facilitate efficient State implemen-tation of ground-level ozone standards, and S. 2072, to require the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a program under which the Administrator shall defer the designation of an area as a non-attainment area for purposes of the 8- hour ozone national ambient air qual-ity standard if the area achieves and maintains certain standards under a voluntary early action compact plan. SD–406 JUNE 23 10 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Permanent Subcommittee on Investiga-tions To hold hearings to examine customer service and billing practices in the cable and satellite television industry. SD–342 JULY 13 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine a review of the Department of Veterans Affairs’ electronic health record (VistA), progress toward interoperability with the Department of Defense’s electronic health record, and plans for the future. SD–124 
POSTPONEMENTS 
JUNE 16 10 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management To hold hearings to examine reviewing the rulemaking records of independent regulatory agencies. SD–342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M13JN8.000 E13JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D646 Monday, June 13, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3813–S3831 Measures Introduced: Three bills were introduced, as follows: S. 3051–3053.
                             Pages S3827–28 
Measures Considered: National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-ment: Senate resumed consideration of S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S3815–23 
Pending: McCain Amendment No. 4607, to amend the provision on share-in-savings contracts.
         Page S3815 
Reed (for Reid) Amendment No. 4603 (to Amendment No. 4607), to change the enactment date.
                                                                                  Page S3815 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, June 14, 2016, with the time until 11 a.m., equally divided be-tween the two managers, or their designees. 
                                                                                            Page S3831 
House Messages: PIPES Act: Senate concurred in the amendment of the House of Representatives to S. 2276, to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide enhanced safety in pipeline transportation.
               Pages S3830–31 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, with respect to Belarus, received during adjournment of the Senate on June 10, 2016; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–50)                      Page S3827 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: Jennifer M. O’Connor, of Maryland, to be General Counsel of the Department of Defense. 
                                                                                    Pages S3830–31 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3827 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3827 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S3827 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S3827 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3828–29 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Page S3827–28 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3825–27 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S3829–30 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S3830 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 4 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:09 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, June 14, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3831.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JN6.REC D13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D647 June 13, 2016 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 9 public bills, H.R. 5456–5464; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. 777–780 were introduced.
                            Pages H3753–54 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3754–55 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5049, to provide for improved management and oversight of major multi-user research facilities funded by the National Science Foundation, to en-sure transparency and accountability of construction and management costs, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–619); H.R. 5312, to amend the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 to authorize activities for support of networking and information technology research, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–620); and H. Res. 778, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5053) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Secretary of the Treas-ury from requiring that the identity of contributors to 501(c) organizations be included in annual re-turns; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5293) making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–621).
                                                                      Page H3753 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Meadows to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H3707 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:01 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H3707 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:09 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H3708 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Networking and Information Technology Re-search and Development Modernization Act of 2016: H.R. 5312, amended, to amend the High-Per-formance Computing Act of 1991 to authorize ac-tivities for support of networking and information technology research, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 385 yeas to 7 nays, Roll No. 298; 
                                                                Pages H3708–14, H3731–32 
FOIA Improvement Act of 2016: S. 337, to im-prove the Freedom of Information Act; 
                                                                                    Pages H3714–19 
Oversee Visa Integrity with Stakeholder Advisories Act: H.R. 3636, amended, to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to allow labor or-ganizations and management organizations to receive the results of visa petitions about which such organi-zations have submitted advisory opinions;                                                                                     Pages H3719–21 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to allow labor organizations and management organiza-tions to receive the results of visa petitions about which such organizations have submitted advisory opinions.’’.
                                                                     Page H3721 
Strategy To Oppose Predatory Organ Traf-ficking Act: H.R. 3694, amended, to combat traf-ficking in human organs;
                              Pages H3721–24 
United States-Caribbean Strategic Engagement Act of 2016: H.R. 4939, amended, to increase en-gagement with the governments of the Caribbean re-gion, the Caribbean diaspora community in the United States, and the private sector and civil society in both the United States and the Caribbean, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 386 yeas to 6 nays, Roll No. 297; and
                                             Pages H3724–27, H3730–31 
Expressing concern regarding persistent and credible reports of systematic, state-sanctioned organ harvesting from non-consenting prisoners of conscience in the People’s Republic of China, in-cluding from large numbers of Falun Gong practi-tioners and members of other religious and ethnic minority groups: H. Res. 343, amended, expressing concern regarding persistent and credible reports of systematic, state-sanctioned organ harvesting from non-consenting prisoners of conscience in the Peo-ple’s Republic of China, including from large num-bers of Falun Gong practitioners and members of other religious and ethnic minority groups. 
                                                                                    Pages H3727–30 
Moment of silence: The House observed a moment of silence in memory of the victims of the terrorist attacks in Orlando, Florida.
                                 Page H3731 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. National Science Foundation Major Research Facility Reform Act of 2016: H.R. 5049, amended, to provide for improved management and oversight of major multi-user research facilities funded by the National Science Foundation, and to ensure trans-parency and accountability of construction and man-agement costs.
                                                     Pages H3732–35 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JN6.REC D13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD648 June 13, 2016 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared with respect to the actions and policies of certain members of the Government of Belarus and other persons to undermine Belarus’s democratic processes or institutions is to continue in effect beyond June 16, 2016—referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–141).
                                                  Page H3708 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H3708. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3730–31 and H3731–32. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:16 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
PREVENTING IRS ABUSE AND PROTECTING FREE SPEECH ACT; DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 5053, the ‘‘Preventing IRS Abuse and Pro-tecting Free Speech Act’’; and H.R. 5293, the ‘‘De-partment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2017’’ [general debate only]. The committee granted, by voice vote, a closed rule for H.R. 5053. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–58 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Additionally, the rule grants a general debate rule for H.R. 5293. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that no further consideration of the bill shall be in order except pursuant to a subsequent order of the House. In section 3, the rule provides that section 10002 of H.R. 5293 shall be considered to be a spending reduction account for purposes of section 3(d) of House Resolution 5. In section 4, the rule provides that during consideration of H.R. 5293, it shall not be in order to use a de-crease in Overseas Contingency Operations funds to offset an amendment that increases an appropriation not designated as Overseas Contingency Operations funds or vice versa, but does not apply to amend-ments between the Houses. Finally, in section 5, the rule provides that during consideration of H.R. 5293, section 3304 of Senate Concurrent Resolution 11 shall not apply. Testimony was heard from Rep-resentatives Roskam, Frelinghuysen, and Visclosky. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, business meeting to mark up an original bill entitled, ‘‘Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, Fiscal Year 2017’’, 9:30 a.m., SD–124. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Securities and Exchange Commission, 9 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine oil and gas pipeline infrastructure and the economic, safety, environmental, permitting, con-struction, and maintenance considerations associated with that infrastructure, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub- committee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regu-latory Oversight, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Environmental Protection Agency’s progress in imple-menting Inspector General and Government Account-ability Office recommendations, 3 p.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine en-ergy tax policy in 2016 and beyond, 10 a.m., SD–215. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy and Credit, hearing to review the im-pact of G–20 clearing and trade execution requirements, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on Homeland Security Appropriations Bill for FY 2017; and Report on the Revised Interim Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2017, 10:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Combat-ting Superbugs: U.S. Public Health Responses to Anti-biotic Resistance’’, 10 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JN6.REC D13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D649 June 13, 2016 Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘FCC Overreach: Examining the Pro-posed Privacy Rules’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2646, the ‘‘Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act’’, 5 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward Putin’s Russia’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Bor-der and Maritime Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Overstaying Their Welcome: National Security Risks Posed by Visa Overstays’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing on H.R. 5259, the ‘‘Cer-tainty for States and Tribes Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Long-worth. Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 4685, the ‘‘Tule River Indian Reservation Land Trust, Health, and Economic Develop-ment Act’’; and H.R. 5379, the ‘‘Requirements, Expecta-tions, and Standard Procedures for Executive Consultation with Tribes Act’’, 11 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 169, acknowl-edging and honoring brave young men from Hawaii who enabled the United States to establish and maintain juris-diction in remote equatorial islands as prolonged conflict in the Pacific led to World War II; H.R. 2316, the ‘‘Self- Sufficient Community Lands Act’’; H.R. 3062, the ‘‘As-suring Private Property Rights Over Vast Access to Land Act’’; H.R. 3094, the ‘‘Gulf States Red Snapper Manage-ment Authority Act’’; H.R. 3212, to amend the Grand Ronde Reservation Act to make technical corrections, and for other purposes; H.R. 3480, the ‘‘Fort Federica Na-tional Monument Boundary Expansion Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3650, the ‘‘State National Forest Management Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3734, the ‘‘Mining Schools Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 3839, the ‘‘Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Expansion Act’’; H.R. 3843, the ‘‘Locatable Minerals Claim Location and Maintenance Fees Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3844, the ‘‘Energy and Minerals Reclama-tion Foundation Establishment Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3881, the ‘‘Cooperative Management of Mineral Rights Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4202, the ‘‘Fort Ontario Study Act’’; H.R. 4245, to exempt importation and exportation of sea ur-chins and sea cucumbers from licensing requirements under the Endangered Species Act of 1973; H.R. 4510, the ‘‘Bolts Ditch Access and Use Act’’; H.R. 4582, the ‘‘Save Our Salmon Act’’; H.R. 4685, the ‘‘Tule River In-dian Reservation Land Trust, Health, and Economic De-velopment Act’’; H.R. 4789, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish a structure for visitor services on the Arlington Ridge tract, in the area of the U.S. Marine Corps War Memorial, and for other purposes; and H.R. 5244, the ‘‘Saint Francis Dam Disaster National Memo-rial Act’’, 4 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the National Park Service’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 5293, the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2017’’ [amendment consideration], 3 p.m., H–313 Cap-itol. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘Coast Guard Mission Needs and Re-sources Allocation’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Expanding U.S. Agriculture Trade and Eliminating Barriers to U.S. Exports’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JN6.REC D13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD650 June 13, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, June 14 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of S. 2943, National Defense Authorization Act, with a series of votes on or in relation to amendments and on passage of the bill at 11 a.m. Following disposition of S. 2943, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2578, Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, June 14 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 5053— Preventing IRS Abuse and Protecting Free Speech Act (Subject to a Rule). Begin consideration of H.R. 5293— Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2017 (Sub-ject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks. as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Brady, Kevin, Tex., E897 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E898 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E896 Ellmers, Renee L., N.C., E890 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E892 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E891 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E891, E892, E893, E894, E895, E896, E896, E897, E898, E898 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E892 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E897 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E894, E895 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E895 Miller, Candice S., Mich., E897 Nolan, Richard M., Minn. E898, E899 Poe, Ted, Tex., E898, E899 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E890 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E899 Salmon, Matt, Ariz., E889 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E890 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E891, E892, E893, E894, E894, E895, E896 Trott, David A., Mich., E891 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E890 Wilson, Frederica S., Fla., E893 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E897 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Jun 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13JN6.REC D13JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST